The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website at: http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html), please contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.








     
 My name is Inez cooper.  I am fourteen years old and a virgin.
I start high school this fall.  I have a great figure, except my breasts
are a little too large.  everyone says I am gorgeous, and the mirror tells
me they are right.  boys have been chaseing me for years.
i have had the usual experiences with boys, playing 'doctor'.
lately I feel that I am ready for a more mature relationship with a man.
my mother does not agree.  she is divorced.  it happened when my dad
tried to rape me.  mother is more beautiful than me and has a figure that
drives men crazy.  she is also a tease.  she has men over to the house
frequently, and they always make a fuss over me.  mother seems annoyed
when they do.  mother still spanks me when she feels that I need it.
she doesn't want me to flirt.  she can do all she wants, but I must not.
i have two younger adopted sisters, identical twins.  we don't get along.
kathy and kristy can do no wrong.  they are very pretty also.
they are the apple of mother's eye and are always getting me in trouble.
we three girls, especially me, keep the house and yard clean and do
the chores.  mother works as a model.  she goes out of town frequently on
business.  always with men.
\\
[01.1]  I have a contition that I should explain.  my clitoris is
very large.  very very large.  I am extreemly sensitive to pressure
there.  I lose control of myself easily whenever I rub myself there.
i enjoy my body.  my breasts are sensitive also.  my breasts are
extreemly large for my age.  large for any age.  my breasts are so
sensitive that once in the seventh grade a boy had my pants wet just
from feeling my breasts thru my tshirt and bra.

\\
[02]  I have lied about my age and got a job at a carhop fast food.
the uniforms fit tight so I am very popular with the customers.
paul wilson has started to come in regularly and he always pics one of
my parking stalls.  he is rich, handsome, and captain of the football team.
one night maxine brown parks in one of my stalls and warns me to stay away
from paul or she will make me wish that I had.  paul continues to come in
and eventually asks me for a date.  we go to a movie, ice cream after, and
he kisses me goodnight on my porch.  when I go in, my mother is waiting for
me.  'that boy is too old for you.'  (please, mother he is the best boy in
the whole school.)  'did he kiss you?'  (no.)  'come here.  now, pull down
your panties and raise your skirt.'  (why?)  'i saw him kiss you.  I will
not allow you to lie to me.'  I pull my panties down, raise my skirt and
bend over.  whap! whap!  she spanks me harder than usual, and with a ruler.
i hear giggles from the twin's room.  finally she finishes and I stand up.
'if you lie to me again I will take a strap to you, now get to bed.'
i hear giggles again as I pass the twin's room.  my ass stings.
the tears finally start.  I sob against the door for a minute.
\\
[03]  when I finish my little cry, I undress for bed.  when I am down to
just my panties, I pull them off to and look at my ass in the mirror.
there are welts, but I don't think there will be any permanent scars.
while I am looking in the mirror, I notice some motion in the tree outside
my window.  in the excitement, I forgot to pull the blinds.
i put my panties on and go down the hall to the bathroom.
i put my robe on, sneek downstairs, and out the front door.
when I look up into the tree, I see tommy parker looking into my window
with binoculars.  (tommy parker, you come down here right now.)
tommy looks like the cat who swallowed the canary.  when tommy is standing
in front of me I take him by the arm and scold him.  (what you are doing
is mean.  you are violating my right to privacy.)  'you are right, I am
a worm.)  tommy hangs his head.  (tommy we used to be good friends.
we could talk to each other.  I thought you liked me.)
'inez, I love you.  I would do anything for you, but you've got paul
so what would you want with me.  I wanted to see you.
you are so beautiful.  i've been up this tree since eight waiting for a
glance at you.'  (tommy, if you really love me, don't peek into my windows
any more.  if you want to see me that bad I will let you.
i need a friend, tommy, a real friend.  someone I can talk to.
will you be my special friend, tommy, like we used to be?)  'yes.'
\\
[04]  I open my robe so tommy can see my breasts.  tommy stares at me.
i reach down and pull my panties off.  (real friends have no secrests
tommy.  you can see me anytime you want.  just ask me.  no, you are too
shy to ask.  I will let you see me whenever we are alone in private.)
'inez, you are the most beautiful creature in the universe.  I will do
anything for you.'  (tommy, I like paul.  please, don't say anything to
anyone about what we do together.  we are good friends, not lovers, ok?)
'ok.  may I touch you one of these times?'  (maybe.)  'inez, may I see
your back side please.'  I remove the robe and turn around.
'your mother really beat you.'  I had forgotten about that.
(tommy, you must forget about that.  I deserved it.  I lied to her.)
i put my panties and robe on and go inside.  mother is waiting again.
'what were you doing outside naked?'  I am silent. ' first you lie to me,
then you meet your boyfriend naked!  you are a slut.  take off your robe.
now your panties.  bend over.'  slap! slap!  the pain is intense.
she is beating me with a leather strap.  I cry and beg for relief.  slap!
slap.  (please don't scar me.)  slap! slap!  she looks at her work.
'now go to bed and stay there this time.'
\\
[05]  I limp up to my room.  more giggles.  I close the door.
i strip and examine my ass in the mirror.  these will probably leave scars.
thru the summer, paul and I date several times.  tommy and I become very
close friends again.  tommy seems to enjoy my body, and I enjoy showing
myself to him.  when I let tommy start to touch me,
i realize that this could get out of hand in a hurry.
i am very careful to never allow tommy to put anything into my pussy.
when things rub me there I go out of control.  I am super sensitive.
when I rub myself, I have orgasm quickly and strong, sometimes I shake all
over for several minutes, because of the emotional experience from rubbing
myself several times in a row.  noone must learn of this weakness in me.
one night tommy is very excited and he tries to force his finger
into me.  that is the night that I start mastrabating tommy.
after I jack him off and he comes into a tissue, he is mello again.
\\
[06]  one night when I am in charge of the house, the twins want to have
boyfriends over.  I refuse.  they tell me that if I don't let them,
they will tell mother about all my late dates with paul after work,
when I told mother that I was working late, about my haveing tommy into
my room several times, with both of us naked, and touching each other.
i am furious, but I do not want any more beatings.  (ok. you may have
your friends over.)  their friends are mean looking boys.  the four of
them lock themselves into the twins bedroom for a very long time.
when I knock on the door I hear giggles.  one of the boys asks thru the
door if I want to join the party.  (yes.)  'pass in your blouse first.'
i argue but they insist.  I remove my blouse and knock again.
kathy answers the door,naked,  takes my blouse, and lets me in.
the boys are naked also.  (what are you doing?  mother will kill me.)
the room smells of alcohol.  everyone is high.  one of the boys unhooks my
bra and starts to pull it down my arms.  I grab my breasts and slap him.
both boys fight me so I knee them each in the balls.
when they are both clutching their balls on the floor, the twins
attack me.  'why won't you let our friends see you, you let your friends.'
i explain that that is different, but they don't agree and I must flee
or get beat up.  I grab my blouse and leave.  the door slams. 
\\
[07]  after a time they all come out and come into my room.
(i am sorry if I hurt you, but I do not want to play your games.
please leave now.)  each twin grabs one of my arms and holds them while
the boys start to unbutton my blouse.  (please let me go.  kathy.  kristy.)
when the boy is finished with the buttons, he unsnaps my shorts and unzips
them.  he reaches up under my blouse and unhooks my bra.  he pulls the
bra down my arms.  he squeezes my breasts.  he pulls my shorts down.
when he tries to pull my panties down, I spread my legs.  he fingers my
pussy thru the panties. and then goes in the leg hole.  when his finger
goes into my pussy I close my legs.  the other boy pulls my panties down.
\\
[o7.5]  (if you will let go of me, I will strip for you.)
the twins let go and I take my clothes off.
the boys feel my breasts and pussy.  I moan from want and need.
the twins then take the boys back to their room.  thank goodnes.
i close the door and finish rubbing myself.  I shake all over.
the boy started me down the road of pleasure and I finished it.
i dress and lock my door.
i remember the chores that we were supposed to do.
when I remind the twins, they tell me to do them.  I argue and threated.
when the two boys come out naked, I back away.  they tell me to do the
chores myself, and go back inside.  I do the work that I can before mother
gets home.  the work is not finished, so mother asks me which I would
prefer, grounding, no friends, or spanking.
\\
[08]   I cannot be grounded, because of my job.  I need to talk to tommy.
so I ask for spanking.  'remove your clothes.'  I take my shorts and panties
off and turn around.  when she sees the welts on my ass, she decides not
to spank me again.  'if you disobey me again, I will punish you that much
harder the next time.'  (thank you, mother.  I don't try to dissobey you,
but it works out that way sometimes.  please forgive me.)
'if you were just more like your sisters.'  I put my clothes back on and
finish the chores.
\\
[09]  I am happy to see school start.  it takes a while to get used to
high school, but I adjust and have a great time.  I am a good student.
all my teachers like me.  the men teachers stare at me frequently.
i guess I enjoy being stared at.  I must, because I wear clothes that
make me look sexy, or maybe I am sexy.  the twin's boyfriends are in
school.  max is spreading rummors about me being easy.
paul and I date several times.  paul also dates max.
he talks about her a lot when we are together.
one night just before we close, max drives into one of my
stalls.  she buys a large coffee.  when I deliver it, she warns me to stay
away from paul, and then she pours the coffee on my breasts.
i am not burned badly.  I don't have a car, so I must walk home from work.
it didn't bother me before, but after max tried to burn me, I worry.
paul drives me home sometimes, but I cannot rely on him.
one day I catch max talking to the twin's boyfriends, sam and arnie.
when I approach, the conversation stops and they look guilty.
what are they planning?
\\
[10]  one night tommy calls when I am on my way to work.  kathy and kristy
listen as and we arrange to meet in the alley behind tommy's house,
which is on my way home from work.  as I enter the alley
two boys step out of the shadows.  I recognize sam and arnie, because of
the ring that I see on arnie's finger.  they blindfold me first, then
they take my hands and lead me into a back yard where a blanket
is laid out.  the boys take my clothes off without saying a word.
when I am naked, they strip too.  they start to play with my breasts.
i grab a penis and jack him off.  when he is ready he pushes my face
down and forces his penis into my mouth.  I suck him till he comes.
while I suck one I jack off the other.  when the first is done,
i suck the second till he comes also.  they leave and I dress.
the next day I ask the twins
how sam and arnie knew that I would be there.  they deny having told
the boys anything.  we say cruel things to each other.
\\
[11]  when I did meet with tommy, he asked me to join in a strip poker
game being hosted by rita delany.  I refuse at first.  tommy tells me
that he has already promised that I would come.  I agree at last.
on the night of the game, I lose badly.  I run around the house naked
many times and have my picture taken in many poses showing everything.
when the game is over, I am forced to walk home nude.  when I am close to
home two boys step out of the shaddoes and I am forced to suck each
to orgasm.  the blindfold prevents me from seeing his face, but the ring
gives him away.  it must be sam and arnie.
when I get home my mother is waiting up for me.
she is livid when she sees me come in naked.  I bend over and recieve the
worst beating of my life.  her strap lands on my buttocks, back, and legs.
before she is finished, I fall to my knees from pain and exhaustion.
i crawl to the stairs and climb them with difficulty.  the twins are
giggling as I pass their room.
paul asks me to the fall formal.  I buy myself a gorgeous strapless gown.
paul picks me up in a rented limousine.  we are the best looking couple
at the dance.  kathy and kristy planted a portable microphone in my purse.
\\
[12]  at the dance we have a great time until I go to the powder room.
when I enter the powder room, someone grabs me from behind and forces a
paper bag over my head.  they hold my hands while someone unzips my dress.
someone unhooks my bra and removes it.  they reach up and pull
off my slips, panties, and stockings also.  when they leave, I put my dress
and shoes back on.  the dress shows a lot of my breasts without the bra.
the dress does not stay up either.  I have to keep pulling it up.
during the rest of the night, I fight to keep the dress up.  I dance with
a lot of boys, and they all get their eyes full.  paul seems to enjoy it
so I don't leave.  when we leave the dance, paul parks on a lonely street
and makes advances.  we kiss and paul puts his hand in my dress.
i push him away, but he insists.  I like his hands on my breasts so I let
him.  paul unzips my dress and enjoys my generous mounds.  he kisses them
and gently sucks each tip.  when paul puts his hand on my leg and feels
his way up to my panties,  I ask him to stop.  'i thought you liked me.'
when I think of what sam, arnie, and tommy have done, I cannot deny paul
at least as much.  eventually I strip and suck paul to climax.
\\
[13]  when paul insists on intercourse,  we have a fight.  I explain that
i want to save that for my wedding night.  paul laughs.  I dress and get
out of the car.  paul is mad and lets me walk home.
i call tommy and ask him to come and pick me up.  while I wait for tommy,
the boys show up.  after they blindfold me, they force me into their car
and while we drive they take my clothes off.
(please take me home.)  they park and I am
forced to kiss #one while #two takes liberties with my breasts.
then #two kisses me while #one sucks my nipples.
when #one starts to finger my pussy, I quickly kneel and suck him to climax.
i cannot let them finger me or I will melt into a groveling jellyfish.
finally, I suck #two to climax, and
beg them to take me home.  #one is aroused again and starts to finger my
pussy,  I beg him not to rape me.  he fingers me until I am wet, moaning,
and starting to move with his rhythm.  I reach up and really kiss him.
(please, I am a virgin.  I beg you to take me home.)  #one forces me to
suck him to climax one more time.  as they drive me home
i suck #two again.  we drive up in front of my house, but I am not allowed
to dress.  noone is home, because mother is out of town and the twins are
staying with a friend.  they let me off and drive away.
i do not notice the motion at the twins window.
i remove the blindfold and let myself in.
i undress and get ready for bed.  what a night.  I brush my teeth and hair.
after I finally climb into bed someone joins me.
\\
[13.5]  I recognize sam from the ring on his finger.  (how did you get
in here?)  'nevermind.  you came home naked as a jay bird.  I figured you
would want company tonight.'  (you figured wrong.)  before I can protest
further, he kisses me.  the kiss is warm and tender.  I am lonely after
paul dumped me tonight.  I guess that explains why I did not throw him out.
sam fondles my naked breasts and the kiss grows.  when sam touches my pussy
i beg him to stop.  (i am a virgin, sam, like I told you earlier, I want
to be a virgin on my wedding night.)  sam is beyond careing.  he seems to
be wild with desire.  he fingers me thru the material until I moan and help
him pull the panties off.  I am wild.  I pull his finger into me and use
his finger to rub myself.  when sam can take it no longer, he forces his
large penis into me.  it doesn't go in very far.  (please stop.)
sam pushes harder and there is a very painful tearing inside of me.
i scream, in terrible pain.
after sam comes in me, he seems disgusted with himself.
please forgive me, I didn't think you really were a virgin.
i turn away and he leaves me.
\\
[13.6]  I cannot sleep and take a walk to help me sleep.  tommy's light is
on so I signal him and he comes out.  we talk.  I tell him everything that
has happened to me.  I undress for him, but ask him not to touch me
tonight.  when I walk home the boys intercept me and drive me home.
i notice the ring before the blindfold goes on.  the boys always wear masks
until I am blindfolded.  the boys take me to my home and up to my room.
they take their clothes and my clothes off, and pull the bed open.
\\
[14]  I can hear someone in the hallway.  they indicate the bed.
i kneel in front of #one and beg him not to rape me again.
#one lifts me and puts me in bed.  I fight with him in bed until #two
helps him.  when #one finally penetrates me I feel pain in my pussy.
i moan.  #one pumps me for a long painful time.
#two rapes me next.  I lay limp for him.  they leave and I go into the
bathroom and vomit.  kathy and kristy come in.  'were you really a virgin?'
(yes.)  'you're not anymore.'  they giggle and go back to their room.
i dress and call tommy.
i explain to tommy what happened, including being raped.
paul drives up in front and I walk out to him.  (do you still want me?)
paul drives me to a deserted spot and makes love to me.
when paul is finished, I explain about being raped.  (i am no longer a
virgin so why wait.  you can have me whenever you want me.  I am soiled
goods now.)  paul tells me he loves me and wants me to marry him.
(i am only fourteen.)  'i will wait for you to graduate.'
we make love again and then he takes me home.  I clean up and go to bed.
\\
[15]  just as I get in bed, sam climbs into my bed naked.  I resist him
but not hard.  sam is gentle this time.  he is slow and makes it special.
when he fingers my clitoris, I show him how to make me moan.  he fingers
me and I moan several times as he brings me to a new high.  I have an
orgasm that would blow the ceiling off.  after I cool for a minute sam
starts again and this time, when I am almost ready, he puts his penis
into me and we share a new high together.  this is a new side of sam.
i could very easily love this man.  finally I sleep.
when I open my eyes in the morning, I am looking at sams blue eyes.
he kisses me and sucks my breasts.  finally he fingers me and sucks my
clitoris until I am crazy with want.  sam mounts me from behind and
fingers my clitoris while fucking me.  I come with him as he pumps me
full of come.  sam cleans up and leaves.
\\
[15.5]  tommy drops by and I tell him everything.  I take tommy up to
my room for his usual 'look and touch'.  when I am naked and he is sucking
me his finger enters my pussy.  I try to resist, but tommy knows that i
am not a virgin and his finger is driving me crazy.  I let tommy fuck me.
kathy and kristy walk in
while tommy is riding me.  they excuse themselves and leave.
tommy rides me several times while we have one of our long talks.
tommy asks me to go to another strip poker game with him.
i don't want to go, but I agree to make him happy.  tommy leaves in time
for me to change my sheets.  after mother gets home, two packages arive.
one contains my dress and shoes, the other my bra, slip, and panties.
the notes tell mother to ask me what I did after the dance.
\\
[16]  I have no defense.  mother has me strip, and beats me.  when I can
no longer stand, I kneel and then fall to my hands and knees.
i crawl to her foot and grab her leg while she beats me.  I black out.
when I wake up.  my mother is standing over me frightened.  'i thought
i had killed you.  maybe that would be a good thing.  look at the
example you are setting for the twins.'  (mama am I really a bad person.)
'you are a spoiled brat.  can't I leave you in charge for one night?'
i stand up slowly and take my clothes upstairs.  the mirror shows my wounds.
no more bathing suits for me.  the scars will probably be permanent.
\\
[17]  tommy picks me up and takes me to carl's poker party.  there are only
two couples.  tommy, me, carl and tonie.  tonie is older than me, but not
as good looking.  her breasts are not as large either.  as play progresses
i catch carl staring at me.  I am a poor player and soon I am down to
panties and bra.  when I lose my bra, I am asked to climb onto the table
and crawl around for each player to see me.  when I lose my panties,
i must spread my pussy for all to see and squat in front of each player.
after that, I kiss the winner, allow him or her to fondle my privates,
suck the winner's penis. or whatever.  finally I sign chits.
when play is over,  I am the only naked one, and I have signed chits for
everyone.  (what do I do now?)  carl takes me downstairs and puts me on the
rack. htb. htb. htb.  I am in pain as my legs are forced back past my head.
the three fondle my open pussy.  htb. htb. htb.  I cry out.  I wasn't going
to cry, but the pain is severe now.  they fondle me again.  their hands
and fingers are right in front of my face.  they fondle my pussy and then
fondle my face and lips.  carl asks me to open my mouth, and he fondles
my tongue, lips and cheeks.
\\
[18]  htb. htb.  carl asks me to kiss myself.  I am very uncomfortable, but
when carl parts my pussy hair, I kiss myself and suck myself.  I experience
a rare feeling.  I am exciting myself without my fingers.  I am allowed to
suck until I come.  I am excited and in truth, enjoying myself.
everyone is paying attention to me.  they are all feeling my pussy even as
i suck myself.  carl bends down and sucks my pussy with me.  we kiss and
suck and even do both at once.  htb. htb.  I scream.  I kiss my asshole and
suck it for them.  finally the pressure is lowered and it feels good.
i am asked to kiss myself again which I don't mind.  I suck my own clitoris
while kissing carl or tommy, or tonie.  I come several times.  they seem to
enjoy my pussy, and I enjoy having them see and touch me.
i am dissapointed when they free me.  I am next put on a machine with
projections inserted into my pussy and asshole.  a breast plate is put
over my chest.  when it is turned on, I feel motion in my pussy,
not really painful.  the rubbing of my breasts excites me further.
after a short time, I come from the rubbing.  when I am breathing hard,
carl walks over and kisses me.  I kiss hard, because of my need.
\\
[19]  again, I am dissapointed when they turn it off.  the last machine
has tubes of all kinds.  carl inserts two tubes into my pussy, and
one into my asshole.  there is some pain and discomfort.
i take a large metalic thing into my mouth.  it is straped onto my head.
carl starts the machine.  wow.  fluids are pumped everwhere.
i need to urinate, and then I don't.  I need to shit and then I don't
a tube slides down my throat, I gag for a moment.  then my stomach swells
up and contracts.  the overall effect is rather pleasant.  very strange,
but kind of pleasant.  I later learn that all of the machines were set for
minimum discomfort.  when I am released, I still owe them all many chits.
we go into the family room and I am asked to make love with each, while
the others watch.  I blush, but I don't really mind.  this night is special
for me anyway.  I start with carl.  we kiss and I undress him.
i mastrabate him until he is ready.  I suck him to climax, and then suck
more until he is ready again.  I sit on his lap and guide his penis into
me.  I move on him until he comes in me, then I move on to tommy, and
repeat the action.  when I come to tonie, I hesitate, but her smile and
open arms invite me in.  we kiss and I undress her.  she has marvelous
breasts.  I kiss them and suck the nipples to hardness.
\\
[20]  I insert my finger into her cunt and work on her clitoris.
i know what feels good.  finally I pull her forward on the couch and
kneel in front of her.  she opens her legs and allows my mouth to enter
her.  I kiss her clitoris and then suck it till she moans and finally
screams her orgasm.  I continue until she is relaxed.  I work on each again
and again, until I am exhausted.  finally, carl pulls me to my feet and
gives me a big kiss.  'you are beautiful, thank you for coming.  please
let me call you again.'  I give carl my phone number.  carl puts one 
hundred dollars into my purse and thanks me again.
tommy takes me home.  I feel very good.
\\
[21]  paul dates me frequently.  he expects to get laid each time.
i comply.  I feel that I am growing away from him.  he is just like sam
and arnie in my mind.  no feeling, just drop your pants.
tommy calls and asks me to meet him.  when I am standing in the alley
behind tommy's house the boys come.  each take a hand and they walk
me into the bushes along the alley.  when they have me nude, I am surprised
that they don't rape me.  #one adjusts my blindfold and ties my hands
behind me. (this isn't necessary.)  my panties are shoved into my mouth
and my blouse is tied around my head to hold the panties in.
i hear someone approaching.  slap!  slap!  my face is slapped hard.
i can feel the tears forming.  something hits my stomach and I double up
in pain.  the boys hold me up.  I feel hands grip my breasts cruely.
they twist them and pull them.  the hands release my breasts and then
slap them repeatedly.  something hits my stomach again.  I have trouble
getting my breath.  hands grab my ears and shake my head hard.
they grab my nose and squeeze, then shake my head.  I feel something going
into my nose holes then forced upward till my head whips back.
something goes into my ear and someone blows into it causing pain.
\\
[22]  they grab my pubic hair and pull up cruely.  finally they grab hair on
each side of my pussy and pull them appart.  they increase the pressure
till I think that I will split.  'don't accept another date
with paul or I will make you fist fuck yourself'.  they poke my
stomach one last time and kick both knees.
the boys let me fall into a heap, and then they all leave.
when I can get up, I cannot find my clothes.  I put on my blouse and
panties and go home.  I forgot about tommy completely.
when I get home, mother is waiting.  'where are your clothes?'
i am silent.  I receive a severe beating.  when she is finished, I go
to the bathroom and throw up.  kathy and kristy ask me if I had
a good time, then giggle.  when I finally climb into bed, sam is there.
i am too weak to argue.  I let him rape me.  when he is finished, he sucks
my pussy clean.
\\
[23]   when tommy and I finally get together, I tell him all,
then we make love.  the lovemaking is a habit now.  when paul calls, I tell
him no, but he insists, because it is his birthday.  I decide that I will
break off with him when on this next date.  I don't, because it is his
birthday and he is very happy.  we make love several times before the night
is thru.  I notice that max sees us when we are driving around.
i check my bed before I undress.  after I am in bed, the boys
sneek into my room and grab my mouth.  they tie my hands behind me and gag
me.  they pull my panties off and force me to leave the house with them.
i wish they wouldn't blindfold me.  we drive a short time and then stop.
i am forced to walk what seems a long distance.  at last they release me.
\\
[24]  slap!  slap!  'that's just to get your attention, bitch.'
my cheeks sting.  'you refuse to listen to me.  ok.
you will have to pay the consequences.
we are going to free you.  you will then push your hand into your cunt.
if you fail,  these gentlemen will do it for you.'  I try to talk, but
the gag won't let me.  I am untied.  I try to release the gag and get a
hard poke to the stomach for my trouble.  I don't think that I can do it.
i pull my thumb in and try to insert my hand into myself.  I work it in
slowly, but I cannot make it go in.  just when I give up, rough hands
grab my wrist and force my hand into myself.  I scream.  noone hears.
i cry.  noone sees the tears.  'stick the middle finger of your other
hand into your asshole.'  I can do that.  someone takes the gag off.
(thank you.  I was going to break up with paul, but it was his birthday.
i will never see him again.)  there is a long pause.
'i have a better idea.  continue to date paul all you want.
he is an asshole anyway.'  I burst into tears.  (w-why.)
'what I want now is to get even with that son-of-a-bitch, and you are
going to help me.  I will tell you how thru the boys.  take good care
of the boys for me.  I hear you are good in bed.  cooperate with me
and you might even keep your good looks.  what are these marks on your
ass and back?'  (my mother beats me.)
\\
[25]  'here is the plan.  inez, pull the finger out of your ass, and suck
on it.  walk home with your fist in your cunt.  do not take it out till
you are in your bed.  I know your mother is out of town.  I will know if
you pull it out before then..  do you agree.'  (yes.)  my finger tastes
terrible.  I waddle home naked with my hand in my pussy.  I don't know if
anyone saw me or not.  they must have.  my large breasts swing back and
forth.  finally I arrive.  I am locked out.  several cars are parked
perpendicularly against the curb in front of our house, and their lights
all come on at once.  I am in the spotlight.  I bang on the door.
(please let me in.)  'what will you give me if I do.'  (name your price.)
'you will do our chores for a month.  you will give me fifty dollars,
and you will give the four of us a private showing that I will describe
later.'  (i agree.)  by the time the door is opened, there is a large
crowd in front of our house.  I waddle in and close the door.
(thank you.)  'what are you doing?'  (i must leave it in till I am in bed.)
kathy blocks the stairs.  'tell me about it.'  (please let me go up to
my bed, then I will tell you all about it.)   'it will be a much better
story if you tell us now.'
\\
[26]   I tell the twins the entire story.  when I look at the couch i
notice that sam and arnie are here.  (kathy, this hurts, please let me go
up)  kathy moves, but sam stops me.  'show the girls the finger in the ass
trick.'  I stick my finger into my asshole.  'now suck.'  I suck on it.
'yech.  go wash yourself.'  I start toward the stairs and kathy trips me.
without my hand I fall hard.  I lay there and cry.  the cry turns into
an uncontrollable sob.  the four leave and I climb up the stairs.
i lay down in my bed and try to pull my hand out.  it will not come.
it has swollen, because of the pressure.  I pull hard for a very long time.
finally, it comes out.  my pussy is extreemly sore.  I clean myself up
and go to bed.  the next day I pay kathy the fifty dollars and after work
i spend six hours doing chores.  when mother returns she asks if anything
unusual happened and I tell her no.  the next day I do chores all morning.
mother asks me why I am doing all the chores, and I tell her
that I pay my debts.  in the afternoon just before I plan to go out,
mother gets a phone call.  when she hangs up she calls me into her bedroom.
\\
[27]  'suppose you had a daughter that lied to you all the time, what would
you do.'  fear grips my heart.  'answer me!'  (i would love her enough to
help her solve her problems.)  'do you think that I love you?'  (yes.)
'enough to help you solve your problems?'  (no.)  'you ungratefull bitch.'
she slaps me hard several times.  the last time knocks me to the floor.
i can taste the blood.  'that was our neighboor on the phone.
it seems there was something unusual last night.  we had a crowd in our
front yard to see a show on the front porch.
do you know what the show was?'   (yes.)  'take your clothes off.'
(please ,mother don't scar me.)  I strip and bend over for her.
'did you really have you hand inside your pussy?'  (yes.)  'show me.'
(please ,mother I didn't do it to myself.)  'a boy helped you?'
(yes, two boys.)  'who are they?'  silence.  'tell me who they are or
else shove your hand into yourself.'  my hand is not swollen so i
push it into my pussy.  after a long time and much pushing my hand is again
inside my cunt.  'comfy now?'  she beats me with her strap.
this time, when I am lying exhausted on the floor, I see my blood on the
strap.  mother strikes again so I assume the fetal position.
kathy and kristy walk in or she may have killed me.  I pass out.
\\
[28]  when I come to mother has thrown water on me.  she forces me out
of her room. I stagger down the hall to the bathroom.  I kneel at the
bowl and throw up.  kathy and kristy find me there.  'enjoying yourself?'
my hand is still in my pussy.  I don't have the strength to pull it out.
(please help me pull it out.)  the twins both grab hold and yank my hand
out.  I moan from the additional pain.  (thank you.)  'what about our
chores?'  (i will do them, as soon as I can.)  'what about the private
showing?'  (do you want it now?)  'no.  not until saturday nite at eight.'
(i will be here.  no matter what happens, thank you for letting me in.
i was naked and they were all looking at me.  I felt so vulnerable.)
i clean up and go to bed.  the next days are uneventfull.  max leaves me
alone, neither tommy nor paul have called.  I recover my strength.
i spend every available hour doing the chores for the twins.  I want them
to love me.  no, I need them to love me.  I must have hurt them
sometime in the past.  I will ask them when we are alone.
on saturday, mother leaves the twins in charge.  I am told to mind them
i tell mother that I plan to spend all weekend recoperating and doing
the chores.
\\
[29]  at eight o'clock sam and arnie show up.
they go into the twins room and plan their night.
i scrub the bathroom until they call my down.
kathy is the spokes person.  'do you remember the night that you promised
to give us a private showing.'  (yes, and I intend to make
good on my word.)  'good, then we have no missunderstandings.
we want a special showing, not the normal strip tease stuff, ok.'
(i will do my best to please you.)  they have me strip slowly.
they have me squeeze my breasts and harden the nipples.
they have me walk around and then jump up and down so that they
can watch my breasts bounce and swing.
they have me bend over and place my hands on either side of each of them
so that they can watch my breasts swing.  each is allowed to squeeze
me and make my breasts swing.  each is allowed to examine my breasts
in minutest detail.  even using a magnifying glass.
\\
[29.1]  I stand in front of each, put a foot on the couch behind them
and open my pussy with my hands so that they can see inside of me.
i pull my pussy open as far as I can.
they ask, and I show them my clitoris.
each is allowed to touch me anywhere, anytime.  they all feel my clitoris.
and watch my face.  I start breathing hard licking my lips, because
my clitoris is very sensitive.  and I respond quickly.
\\
[30]  sam plays with it for a long long time.  I am crazy with want when
he notices my wetness and inserts his finger into me.
finally sam releases me.  next I sit and spread my legs up and back,
so that I am looking at my own pussy with my legs high in the air.
each feels my pussy and inserts fingers into me.  sam strokes my clitoris
again until I moan.  'do you like that?'  (oh, yes.)  would you like me to
fuck you?  (please, I will make it good for you.)  'maybe later.'
arnie continues the pressure on my clitoris.  I am crazy with need.
i squeeze my breasts and rub my nipples.  when arnie is done, I kneel
in front of sam.  (please fuck me.  I need you.)  'not yet.'
i crawl over to arnie.  (please arnie, I need it now.  I ache for it.)
arnie looks at sam and shakes his head.  I start to rub myself, but
kathy says no.  (please kathy let me do myself, you can all watch.)
kathy looks at sam and they nod.  I finger myself until I come.
they watch me closely.  I moan when I come.  sam kisses me while I come.
i open wide then suck his tongue with vigor.  at length I am spent.
(thank you, I needed that.)  when I look at arnie I see that he is 
filming my show on video tape.
\\
[31]  sam and arnie take turns on the camera.  they have me strip them
and jack them off until they each come.  when they come,  they have me
kneel down and lick the come off my hands and their cocks.  when they are
ready, they have me suck them to climax.  when I am sucking sam, he has me
kneel over his face while he lays under me.  he fingers my clitoris and 
sucks it.  I go wild quickly.  I suck him hard and go up and down fast,
because of my need.  sam sucks me hard and much tongue action causes me to
shake and come.  just as I come, sam shoots my mouth full or come.
i suck him clean gratefully.  when the boys are satisfied, kathy and kristy
want some action.  I slowly undress each of my sisters.
they are beautiful.  identical twins.  all four breasts are identical.
i am awkward because I don't know what to do.  (may I love you.)
'sure, we do each other all the time.'  I put my face close to kathy's
(may I kiss you.)  'yes.'  I kiss her cheek, then her chin, and finally
a hen peck on her mouth.  kathy knows how to fire me up so she puts
her finger into my pussy and rubs my clitoris.  very soon I am breathing
hard and licking my lips.
\\
[32]  I open my mouth and kiss kathy with a pashion.  I suck her tongue
and when she pushes me down I kiss her throat and breasts.  I suck softly
at first, but kathy's finger drives me wild.  I suck hard and wildly.
kathy pushes me down farther and I open her pussy with my fingers.
i kiss her and suck her pussy while she fingers my clitoris.
kathy stops fingering me.  (please don't stop.)  'more later.'  I continue
to suck her until she comes.  no scream.  no moan.  (did you like it?)
'it was ok.'  I approach kristy.  (may I kiss you.)  'a little.'
i kiss her with feeling.  she pushes me down to her breasts.  I suck them
gently.  she pushes me down to her pussy.  I open her, kiss her, and suck
her to orgasm.  again no show of emotion.  (don't you feel anything?)
'sure, but it isn't a big deal.'
\\
[33]  kathy tells me it is time for the big finalley.  'inez will lie
down on her back.  I will be on my hands and knees over your face.
sam will fuck me, and you will assist with your tongue,
licking and sucking.  when we are in position.  they ask me to get kathy
ready and make sam hard.  I suck kathy's clitoris while I jack off sam.
soon sam is ready, and I guess kathy is as ready as she gets.
i hold kathy open and guide sam into her.  sam starts slow and allows me
to suck him and lick her between strokes.  as the motion increases,
i watch close hand while he slides in and out of her.
when he is pumping her, I take his penis into my mouth and increase his
pleasure.  I hold kathy open kathy with my fingers.  I stroke kathy's
clitoris while sam pumps her.  I can hear kathy moan, I suck sams penis,
finger kathy's clitoris, and squeeze sams balls all at once.  sam comes
into her and I hear kathy scream.   I continue my actions till they are
spent.  sam withdraws.  I suck and pump him clean.  then I suck kathy
clean and suck her clitoris for a long time.  she seems to enjoy it.
'is that what they call orgasm.'  (yes.  you were wonderful.)
\\
[34]   kristy wants to try with arnie.  from the look on kristy's
face I don't think that kristy will me successfull.  she will try too
hard and spoil it.  I take kristy aside and talk with her.
(kristy, I need your help.  I made it good for kathy, but I am afraid
that I may fail with you, and that would hurt me very much.)
'how can I help.'  (if I start to fail you, or if you want me to do
anything, please let me know.  kristy, I mean anything.
kristy, I love you.)  I said it.  I didn't think about it, I just said it.
it is true, however.  I do love these beautiful girls.  if that makes me
a pervert, so be it.  I spend a long time getting kristy ready.
i am carefull to avoid pain.  lots of kisses and gentle sucks.
when kristy is moist, I make arnie hard and lie down.  I guide arnie
into kristy and when he is slideing in and out, I open kristy with
my fingers.  I suck her clitoris gently and then with feeling.
my tongue goes in and out of kristy with arnie's penis.
kristy is starting to respond, I can feel it.  I reach down and stroke
kristy's breasts.
\\
[35]  when I feel kristy start to come, I suck her clitoris harder and
faster, I reach up and squeeze arnies balls causing him to go faster,
and I squeeze kristy's breasts harder.  she is slow to come, but when she
does she explodes.  kristy moans, and then screams her orgasm.  she shakes
violently for a considerable time. arnie comes in her pussy
and I taste him.  kristy feels arnies come and lets it all hang out.
kristy is crying uncontrollably, but she she does not stop.  it takes a long
time to bring kristy down.  finally kristy stops moving and lets arnie
withdraw.  I suck his limp penis and pump the last of his come into my
mouth.  then I turn kristy over and suck her pussy while she rests.
i lick and suck her pussy clean and then linger on her clitoris,
gently licking and sucking.  finally kristy sits up, looks me in the eye
and tells me that she is not dissapointed.
\\
[36]  everyone seems happy.  (have I completed my end of the bargin?)?
'almost, I would like you to do some more things to prove that you love us.'
(i will do them.)  kathy winks at sam.   they lead me up to our bathroom.
they have me kneel by the toilet.  'arnie, you go first.'  arnie puts his
penis in my mouth and tells me to drink all of it.  with me watching, it
takes arnie a long time to go.  finally he starts and I have trouble
swallowing fast enough.  the warm urine goes down easyer than I would have
thought.  when arnie is finished, I suck him until the last drop is gone.
arnie then gets the camera and films the rest.
kathy has me bend over the toilet, and then she forces her finger down my
throat.  I throw up the urine and everything else.  when I am done,
i feel like hell.  'sam.'  sam faces me.  sam's penis grows under my gaze.
if I weren't so sick I would enjoy it.  I open and accept sam's penis.
sam uninates into my mouth.  I swallow as fast as I can.  my stomach
rebells and I cough once sending urine into my nose.  sam stops while i
control my cough.  I swallow and open up for him.  sam gives me rest of
his bladder, and I suck him dry.  kathy uses her finger again.
\\
[37]  my stomach aches when I finish vomiting.  I cry from the discomfort
and pain.  I am nausious.  for kristy I want to be good. when I am ready
i reach over and open her pussy gently.  kristy lifts a leg to give me
access.  I put my mouth inside of her and signal that I am ready.
the urine comes faster than the boys.  I drink as fast as I can and suck
afterwards.  finally I suck her clitoris and kiss it.  kathy puts her
finger in my throat and my system convulses.  when I settle down, I am
shaking from sickness.  I take several minutes to calm down.
(please forgive me, my stomach is nervous today.  I do want this to be
good for all of you.)  kathy faces me and I open her with my fingers.
when I am ready she lets me have it.  kathy's comes fastest of all.
fortunately, my mouth closes off her pussy so that the urine cannot
go around it.  kathy also has the greatest volume.  I am ready to burst
when she finishes.  nevertheless I suck her dry and lick her clitoris.
i give her a pashionate kiss on the clitoris before leaving her cunt.
i brace myself as kathy opens my mouth and sticks her finger in.
my system has reached it's limit.  when I vomit, I am shaking so badly
that I must lie on the floor.  the last thing that I see before I pass
out is arnie taking my pictures.
\\
[38]   I am in my bed, when I wake up.  still naked.  I get up, and when
the dizziness passes, I go downstairs.  'inez, we thought that you would
sleep all day.'  (am I finished?)  'no, there are a couple more things 
that I would like to do.  I made a list, and we are only down to here.'
kathy points to a paper.  it looks like we are only a third of the way
done.  (i will do anything, just tell me what you want.)  you are too weak
now.  we will continue another day.  (may I read the list please.)
kathy hands me the list and watches me pale as I read it.  I hand the list
back to her.  (you are right, I am too weak to do some of those.)
we make an appointment for the next time mother is out of town.
the twins leave with sam and arnie to go to a movie.  I dress and lay down.
\\
[39]  when I wake up, someone is putting a blindfold on me.
i struggle, but I am weak.  rough hands pull all of my clothes off.
i am gaged and hands tied behind me.  I hear talking.
at last someone pulls me to my feet.  something pinches my breast.
it is painful.  it feels like a giant clothes pin.  someone pulls on the
clothes pin or attaches a weight to it.  the other breast gets the same
treatment.  now it really aches.  my feet are kicked appart and clothes
pins are attached to each side of my pussy.  the pin is clamped with
half the clamp inside my pussy and half outside, pinching the lip between
them.  clamps are attached to my nose and each ear.  finally someone
reaches into my mouth and pulls my tongue out.  someone else attaches
clamps to each side and the end.  click.  photographs are taken.
i am told to stand very still.  after fifteen minutes, I cannot stand the
pain.  I push the clamps off my tongue.  the clamps snap shut causing
great pain when they are pulled off.  I rub against the wall and force
the clamps off my breasts.  I get the clamps off my face using the wall.
i cannot get the clamps off my pussy lips.  I walk into the bathroom
and lodge each between the toilet seat and toilet.  I slowly pull the
clamps off.  the pain is intense.  finally I am free of them.
\\
[40]  they evidently went away and left me to fend for myself.
after a long struggle, I free my hands and remove the blindfold.
they were giant clothespins.  how could such an inocent device cause
so much pain?  on the day of mother's trip, I am ready.  I feel that
i am making progress with the twins.  I can make them love me.
for some reason, I want sam to love me too.
i shower and put on clean clothes.  when sam and arnie arrive, I kiss them
both hello.  they decide to start with an easy one.  I am asked to strip
and lay on the kitchen table.  each of the four come in alone and examine
me.  they ask me to open my mouth, open my pussy, lay on my side, spread my
legs, spread my cheeks, get on my hands and knees and swing my breasts,
arnie likes to play with my tongue and mouth.  he feels around inside
my mouth.  fondles my tongue and cheeks.  kathy spends a lot of time
examining my hair and pubic hair.  kristy examines my arm pits for a long
time.  all of them have me lay on my back, spread my legs and pull them
up as far as I can.  I cannot go as far as carl's rack, but I give them
a great view.  they have me hold myself open while they explore.
they are gentle when they insert their fingers.  sam kisses my clitoris.
\\
[41]  just that causes me to breath heavy and moisten my cunt.
sam fingers my clitoris, and I cannot control myself.  (sam, please
take me.)  sam fondles me a little more, until I am crazy, moaning and
thrashing on the table, then he strips and enters me.  afterward everything
is ok again.  the next item on their list is an unpleasant one for me.
they watch carefully as I push my hand into my pussy.  it takes me several
tries.  they have me stand on the kitchen table so that they can have the
best view.  I struggle, but eventually I get it in.  they ask me to find
my womb.  I feel around painfully.  finally I think I find it.
'can you put your finger into it?'  it takes me a long time to find the 
opening and then insert my finger.  (yes.)  'can you find the hole where
the urine comes out?'  I feel around.  (i am not sure,  I need to pee to
be sure.)  they help me climb down, I waddle into the bathroom and
stand in the shower.  I urinate a little bit at a time until I find the
hole.  (i found it.)  'can you find your ovaries or the tubes?'
i feel around and insert my hand as far as I can.  (i am not sure.  I found
something.)  I waddle back into the kitchen and sam helps me onto
the table.  they encourage me to explore and report all my findings.
\\
[42]  I feel every square inch and report all my thoughts and feelings.
some places hurt, others feel good.  when I am allowed to withdraw my
hand, sam sucks my fingers one at a time.  this excites me for some reason.
i take it as an expression of love.  back on the table I am asked to
mastrabate myself several times. I must come each time and tell my feelings
as I go.  (i love you all, so I will do this.  I am very sensitive.
when my love seat gets brushed or rubbed in any way, I get excited.
i can make myself come while waiting in the lunch line.  I have done it.
all I have to do is rub myself.)  I stand on the table, spread my legs,
and open myself with one hand while the other rubs my clitoris.
i talk as long as I can explaining how I feel, how I enjoy these special
four watching me,  how good the rubbing feels, how my mouth goes dry,
my legs start to shake, how I hold back as long as I can, and finally
fireworks.  I stop talking and moan.  finally I scream my orgasm for all
to hear.  when I get control I notice that arnie has recorded my entire
demonstration on video tape.  sam tells me that I will enjoy watching
the tape later.  they have me repeat my show in different positions.
\\
[43]  on hands and knees,  with one leg raised way up, etc.  sam wants to
do it for me.  I enjoy it and tell everyone so.  sam does it several times
in many positions.  I am wild.  I beg sam to take me.  the other three
agree so sam strips and fucks me on the table.  I cannot wait, I pull sam
into me as soon as he is hard.  sam pumps me till I scream.  while I scream
sam pumps me full of come.  afterward I lay quietly on the table.
they ask for and get my truest feelings.  arnie records it all.
it is enough for one day, so they ask for one more item on the list.
'inez, you must remain completely naked for the rest of the day.'
(what if someone comes?)  'no exceptions.'  (ok.  have a good time.).
the four go for a picnic and later a movie.  I spend the day doing
as many chores as I can.  tommy comes over.  I let him in.
tommy wants to fuck.  for some reason I don't want to.  I see a side of
tommy that I didn't know about.  tommy forces me to comply.  I guess he
raped me.  when he starts on me, I warm up and come with him.
\\
[44]  paul comes over and demands more explaination than tommy.
i guess paul raped me too, because I didn't want to.
i even resisted.  maybe it is simply because I am naked.
maxine and three boys come calling.
i open the door a crack and tell them to go away.  I don't feel well.
maxine pushes the door open and they walk in.  we talk while they stare at
me.  soon the boys circle me and make advances.  I beg them to leave.
the boys literally rape me several times.  two hold me while the third
rapes me.  they are rough with me.  they squeeze my breasts till I cry.
while they rape me maxine searches my home.  when the boys are thru
with me they hit me several times just to watch me bounce.  they shake me
violently to see my breasts shake and bounce.  when maxine is finished
she pauses at the door.  I see that she has the video tape and most of
my best clothes.  'if you tell anyone about this, we will hurt you.'
when the four return I am still crying.  I am forced to tell them
what happened.  (please don't tell maxine.  she hurts me.  I cannot take
a lot of pain.)  I burst into tears again.  when I turn into the wall,
they all notice the welts on my back from mothers strap.
\\
[45]  when mother returns, I have the house spotless.
mother praises the twins.
'inez did all the work.'  'possibly, but you were in charge.'
i give up.  I cannot please this woman.  that night after a phone call to
mother.  she calls me into her bedroom.  I see the strap lying on the bed.
i am paralyzed with fear.  what did I do?  inez, I just got another call
from our neighbor.  she says that you were naked all day saturday, and
that you had several boyfriends over.  yes or no!'  (yes.)
'why are you persecuting me?  you will obey me if I have to kill you with
this strap.  why were you naked?  why?'  (please don't hit me mother.
i cannot take this much pain, I will die.)  'take your clothes off now.'
i hesitate.  she notices the twins watching and locks the door.
she comes to me and undresses me while I cry.  when she unhooks my bra
i protest.  she slaps my face hard.  when I am naked, she takes the strap
and stands ready.  I assume the position.  one arm across my breasts and
the other one over my face.  the beating starts.  I feel the first ones.
the beating saps my strength.  after a time, I fall to my knees.
eventually I fall on my face and lie there.  somehow I think I hear
horses running.  no it is someone pounding on the door.
\\
[46]  the twins pull me to my feet and take me to the bathroom.  I cannot
walk so they drag me.  they wash me and put me to bed.  during the night
i have a dream.  many hands are on me and someone photographs me front
and back.  I am raped several times.  in my dream I have many many
visiors.  sam, paul, maxine, the three rapists, tommy, even the twins.
i tell the twins that I love them.  I see tears in their eyes.
when I wake in the morning, I ache from head to toe.  I notice my sheet is
covered with come.  it wasn't a dream.  I find out that mother left and
didn't come home last night.  I guess the door wasn't locked either.
my back sticks to the sheets.  when I pull it away the pain is intense.
tears run down my face just from the pain of it.  I cannot stand up.
sam walks over and helps me up.  it seems natural that he would be there.
he helps me to the bathroom and has to hold me up while I go.  he has me
sit on the toilet while he bandages my wounds.  'you are coming to the
doctor with me now.  several of these should have stitches.'  I resist, but
sam is too strong.  I tell the doctor at the emergency room that I was
raped.  when he is thru, he has to call the police.  I won't talk to the
police.  sam tells them that I was raped, but I will not say who.
\\
[47]  neither of us have any id and we do not tell them who we are.
eventually they let us go.  (thank you, sam.  I love you.)  he looks at
me the strangest way, then he smiles and kisses me.  I am happy except for
the pain.  paul calls me later that day.  I tell him, no, we are finished.
two weeks later when I am home alone, paul comes over.
paul brings two friends.  they eye me up and down.  I invite them in.
paul says that he has a tape he wants me to see.  he puts it in the
video machine and we watch my performance that arnie recorded.
paul holds me down in my chair when I try to rise.
i watch my naked body perform for my friends, doing things that noone
else was supposed to see.  paul kisses me, but I do not respond.
paul has seen the film so he knows what to do.  he fondles my thru
my shorts.  I mustn't respond.  I cannot help myself.  my pussy gets
wet.  next time paul kisses me I open and suck with him.  I open my shorts
so he can finger me better.  pauls friends pull the shorts off.
\\
[48]  paul's friends remove my tshirt and bra.  the friends fondle and
squeeze my breasts.  I cannot stand it, I pull my panties off and
force pauls finger into me.  he goes slowly, driving me wild.
(please, paul I am ready now.)  'beg for it.'  I kneel in front of paul
and beg him to take me.  'what about my friends?'  (ok, them too)
'make me ready.'  I take pauls clothes off.  fumbling in my speed.
paul is fingering me again.  I spread my legs wide and move myself with
his finger.  pauls friend get a good show as my breasts bounce and swing.
i stroke paul's penis till it is hard.  paul fingers me till I moan.
'suck me.'  I kneel and take paul's penis into my mouth and suck him.
when I try to rise, he pulls me into him farther.
he grabs my hair and forces me to mastrabate him with my mouth.
paul comes in my mouth.  I suck him and suck him, but his penis is limp.
paul points to his friends.
i strip the two friends and mastrabate them till they are hard.
paul fingers me again till I moan.  I stand on tip toe trying to get
the friend's penis into me, but I cannot get high enough.
\\
[49]  the friend pushes me down and puts his penis into my mouth.
again he comes in my mouth.  the third boy does the same thing.
when I start to work on myself, paul takes my hands and puts them on his
penis.  I work on him till he is hard.  paul strokes me again till i
am moving with his rhythm.  I push his finger harder into me and moan my
excitment.  paul stops and makes me suck him again.  this continues for an
eternity,  I suck each boy five times.  I have more come in my stomach
than they do in their balls.  finally I beg paul to let me come.
paul lets me bring myself to the brink, then he inserts his penis into me
and the three gangbang me.  I come several times.  screaming my release.
when they are thru with me, I beg paul not to see me again.
(paul I cannot stop you, you know that.  I beg you to leave me alone.
please, paul.)

--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....