                          INEZ4

         When I arrive at Carl's place, some of the guests have already
arrived.  Jill is 24 and a blond.  I like her smile.  Bruce is Jill's date.
Robin is 19 and also a blond.  I think Robin is a natural blond.  I will find
out for sure later.  Jill has a great figure and gorgeous face, shile Robin
is all chest.  Robin is even larger than me.  Robin has a pretty face and a
good figure, but her big plus is her tits.  Dale is Robins date.  He keeps 
staring at robins breasts.  I am carl's date.  I don't have to bring any
money.  Carl called me for this job.  I will earn three hundred dollars 
tonight.  The last two couples arrive.  Gloria is 34 and a brunette.
Gloria is a little heavy and quite nervous.  She works for her date, Rod.
Gayle is 39 and has brown hair.  Gayle doesn't smile.  Gayle is very well
preserved.  She is pretty except for the smile, and her figure is a head
turner.  Gayle's date, Rick, works for her.  We start off with a get to know
you time.  They are very interrested when I tell them that I have been here
many times before.  (I guess Carl likes me.)  Carl explains the rules.
Carl shows everyone his camera and explains that he will record everything.
I have heard it all before.  The result is always the same.  The girls get
striped while the boys watch.  Tonight, there is one twist that I should have
anticipated.  Rick is striped instead of Gayle.  It takes about an hour to
strip us down to our skin.  We each strut and crawl and squat for the others.
Finally, the five of us are striped and owe chits to the others.  Carl takes
us down stairs and puts me on the rack first. Htb. htb... The group watches
as my legs go over my head and my open pussy approaches my face.  Rick is
called on to suck my pussy while my mouth is not quite there yet.  Htb. htb..
Finally I am sucking myself and Rick joins in.  We kiss each other and my
pussy between.  Finally my face goes past my pussy to my asshole and I kiss
and suck my asshole.  The other guests are amazed as my tongue reaches my
asshole and even beyond.  Finally, I am released and Jill is straped in.
I like Jill and stay close while she suffers.  Each time Jill screams, I try
to reassure her and keep her talking to me so that she doesn't worry about
herself.  Carl asks me if I want to take Rick's place.  I ask bruce and Rick.
They say it is OK with them.  I ask Jill.  Jill hesitates, but agrees when
I take her hand in mine.  When Jill is very close to her own pussy,  I can
see that her pain is intense.  I beg them to let her stop.  Htb. Htb.
Jill screams and I cry.  Jill can reach her pussy now.  Jill is required to
kiss herself and suck herself.  I open her pussy with my hands to make it
easier for her.  When she is just a hair short, I push her head down to 
complete her assignment.  We are forced to share her pussy and each other
by way of kissing.  I enjoy kissing Jill.  I can tell that Jill hesitates.
         When Jill is released, I walk with her for a time to get her
stableized.  When Gloria is straped in, Rod wants to finger her pussy while
she is streatched.  Carl nods.  Rod inserts his fingers into Gloria's
pussy and then Carl starts.  Htb. Htb... Gloria screams her pain.
Rod seems to enjoy watching Gloria in pain.  Rod fingers her open pussy
while we all watch.  Gloria is blushing.  Gloria is more embarased than Jill
was.  Gloria is hurt more from having people stare at her pussy than from the
pain.  Htb. Htb... Finally Gloria can reach her pussy.  Rod grabs her tongue
and rubs her pussy with it.  Rod wants Rick to help Gloria suck herself.
Rick and Gloria kiss and lick her pussy while we stare.  Gloria is very
much aware of us watching her.  Rick kisses her and then her pussy.
Gloria is kept in this position longer than anyone else.  When Rick is
finished,  Rod and Carl examine Gloria closely, discussing the fine points
of her pussy.  I ache for her, but I dare not say anything.  Carl takes the
last photo of Gloria and releases her.  Carl has me reload the camera
for him.  Robin struts up to the rack and climbs on.  Dale follows Rod's
example and fingers her open pussy.  Dale invites everyone to join in.
Each of us finger Robin and stroke her clitoris each time Carl pauses.
Robin doesn't say anything.  When Robin's face is buried in her pussy,
Rick is call on to kiss her and share her charms.  Robin finally screams
on the last round of the machine that brings her asshole up to her mouth.
Rick is the last one onto the rack.  The rack is harder on men for
some reason.  When Rick is straped down, Gayle squeezes his balls and makes
his penis hard.  Carl takes photos and then htb. htb... Rick screams
his pain onto unhearing ears.  I ache for him and ask to comfort him.
Gayle refuses.  Htb. htb...  Rick can reach his penis.  Rick takes his
penis into his mouth.  Gayle takes his penis into her hand and jacks him off.
Ricks penis comes out of his mouth and when he comes, it goes all over his
face.  Finally, Rick takes his penis into his mouth and Gayle pumps him for
the last drops of cum.  Htb. htb... Rick is forced to take his penis and
balls into his mouth together.  His penis is limp so there is no problem.
The photos will show Rick has his privates in his mouth.  Finally, I am 
forced to share his pleasure.  We both kiss, lick and suck his penis.
One photo will show us kissing and sharing Rick's penis at the same time.
When Rick is released, I walk the floor with him for a time, till he can
walk alone.
         The pussy rubber is next.  I am lowered onto the two projections,
straped in and the breastplate is straped to my chest.  Gayle asks for
maximum pain.  I plead with her.  Gayle says that she will find something
later to hurt me.  She does.  The group is fascinated by the in and out
motion of the machine.  When they see my red breasts, they get a glimps of
the pain that is involved.  I have been here before so I don't pay a lot of
attention to it.  Jill is very frightened at first.  I help her into it and
get it started before I leave her alone.  When she sees that the pain is 
not too bad, I leave her and try to talk to Gayle.  (Please forgive me if I
said something to offend you.)  I cannot get close to this woman.
Jill rides it like a trooper.  Her breasts, however, are very red when Carl
takes the breastplate off.  Carl doesn't use it any more after Jill.
While Robin rides, Rick is attached to a machine that is new to me.
Gayle strokes Rick's penis to hardness and forces a tube into his penis a 
little past the base of his cock.  She then forces his penis into the same
hole that the tube comes out of.  She pulls a lever and Rick yelps.
Another lever brings a device up between Rick's legs.
Gayle forces the two testicles to separate.
One on each side.  Another lever causes the device to close on the two
testicles.  A rod is forced up Rick's asshole and then the machine is turned 
on.  At first it feels good to Rick.  Eventually, the smile leaves his face 
and he starts to moan.  Before he is done, he is screaming for release and
clutching the machine where his balls are being violated.  Finally, Rick is
released and he falls into a heap clutching his balls and asshole.
Finally, we all watch as the projections are inserted into Gloria.  Gloria 
is so imbarassed that she is on the verge of tears.  Gloria responds to the
rubber like noone I have ever seen.  Gloria is hot and squeezing her own
breasts shortly after starting.  Gloria moans her pleasure for all to hear.
This imbarasses her even more.  When Carl finally helps her off of the
machine,  Gloria holds her hand in front of her pussy and puts her arm across
her breasts.  The water machine is next.  I always go first.  I stand next to
the machine while carl inserts the tubes into my uterus, bladder,
and asshole.  I open my mouth to accept the device.  I feel the tube go down
to my stomach.  Finally, I am clamped in and the machine is turned on.  My
mouth opens till the jaw is out of its socket.  This is a very painful part.
I cannot scream with the device in my mouth.  The fluids start and the girls
watch my swell up and deflate.  When I am taken off, I kneel in front of Carl
while he puts my jaw back.  I am crying from pain.  Carl has showed me how
and I ask to be able to insert tubes in Jill.  Carl lets me do it.  I am very
gentle.  I think I saved her some pain.  When Gloria is put on the water 
machine, she covers herself the whole time.  I ache for her.  She is so very
shy and modest.  Rick gets all the tubes except for the uterus tube.
After the water torture, we gather around the leg spreader.  I don't like 
this one.  It hurts and it leaves you with sore hips.  Also I don't like 
hands inside my pussy.  I am not asked if I want it or not, I am just straped
in and spread open like a peach.  Even I scream with this one.  When my legs 
are spread as far as they dare go, Carl brings everyone around to my pussy
so that all can see what the machine does.  Each is allowed to insert their 
hand into my pussy and feel me.  I am crying from shame.  What will Gloria
do?  When Gayle has her turn, she squeezes my uterus and forces her finger
into it.  I am in extreem pain, but I will not let her see me squirm.  When
Gayle pinches the inside of my uterus with her finger nails, I scream and beg
her to stop.  Gayle continues for a long time scratching my uterus inside and
out.  I almost pass out.  When I am released, Gayle helps me to sit down. 
When noone is looking, Gayle grabs my hair and yanks my head back.
While my head is back she hits me on the stroat with a solid blow.  I am 
knocked out cold.  I come to while Robin is coming off the spreader.
My throat aches along with everything else.  Gloria is forced to mount the
spreader.  She screams from being exposed.  When the machine is activated 
and everyone gathers around her pussy, Gloria just moans.  I am worried about
her, but I cannot even take care of myself.  When I can finally walk again,
Gloria is taken off and the final punishment will be the hanging.
I have asked to be excused from this one, but Gayle insists that I start it
off.  I plead with Carl.  Gayle insists.  When we cannot agree, Carl and 
Gayle grab me and tie my hands to the pully rope.  Gayle pulls me off the 
floor.  I cannot describe the pain.  My shoulders are already sprained.
I moan and hang till I pass out.  While I am unconscious, Gayle grabs my
breasts when noone is looking and pulls down as hard as she can.
The increased pain brings me around for a moment.  I see all of the girls and
Rick hanging with me.  The guests are circulating and squeezing us when they
please.  The others are standing on their tiptoes.  When I can speak, I ask
Carl if I can be lowered a little.  Gayle shakes her head.  I am picked to
demonstrate the tounge crusher.  While I hang, Gayle puts it on me.  I stick
my tongue out and she pulls it thru.  She pulls hard so that when the crusher
is pulled down my tongue is pulled out even farther.  My screams are lost in
the device.  I try to hang without any motion.  Gayle starts me swinging.
I am crying from the intense pain.  Carl brings needles out for all of us.
Gayle enjoys inserting mine very slowly.  Gayle has to start over several
times to get mine just right.  As carl starts to let the others down,
Gayle pulls me up to the top of my pully and ties it off.  She then has me
spread my legs while she inserts her hand into my pussy.  Gayle inserts two
fingers into my uterus and pinches while she pulls down on my uterus as hard
as she can.  The increased pressure along with the utereus pinch is too much
for me.  I pass out cold.  I am still hanging when I wake up.  All the others
are gone.  I cannot move.  The lights are off and I am still hanging.
I cannot hear anyone in the house.  The tongue crusher will not let me shout
or even make a small noise.  I panic.  I hang for a long time.  Much later
I hear someone unlock the door upstairs and come downstairs without turning
any lights on.  'Inez are you still here.'  Oh no.  It is Gayle.
         Without turning on any lights, Gayle feels her way to me.  I shudder
when I feel her hands on me.  Gayle grabs my breast and pulls down.  I moan.
'Good, you are awake.  I have a proposition to make to you.  I have a lot of
money.  Carl agreed to let me do whatever I want with you.
Do you understand?'  I cannot speak, but I try to say yes.  Gayle pulls the
needles out of my tongue and releases the tougue crusher.  The pain causes me
to groan and sob.  Thru my tears and sobs I manage a (Yes.)  'Good.  Now 
listen to me dear.  I want to buy you for several nights.  Rick took a fancy 
to you.  I want you to make him happy.  You must do anything and everything
that you think will make Rick happy.  Rick will probably want to bring you
back here.  You must do everything that he wants.  I will pay you one thousand dollars in advance, and one thousand dollars when you are finished.  Will you
do it?'  When I hesitate, Gayle's starts to work her fingers into my pussy.
'Spread your legs wide for me dear.'  Gayle pulls my leg and I spread my legs
as wide as I can to avoid the pain.  While my legs are wide, Gayle works her
hand into my pussy and starts to insert fingers into my uterus.  I scream
from the extra pain.  When Gayle has two fingers in my uterus, she pinches
it hard between fingers and thumb and pulls down then pushes up.  Gayle
alternates between pulling down and pushing up while I scream my pain.
When Gayle starts to pull on the needle in my breast, I give in.  (I will do
it.)  Gayle stops and reiterates the rules.  'Rick must be completely
satisfied.'  (I will do my very best.)  Gayle pulls the needles out of me and
lowers me to the floor.  I cannot stand, so I fall into a heap.  Gayle unties
me.  I cannot move my arms.  Gayle pulls me to my feet and helps me walk
around for a minute.  The pain in my released arms is too much for me.  I am 
crying bitterly the whole time.  Gayle has to dress me, because my arms will
not work yet.  I just cannot move them.  Gayle tells me to stop crying.
With super effort, I stop myself.  The pain is still there, but I am not
crying anymore.  Gayle fixes my face some, collects my purse,  and we go
out to her car.  Gayle helps me into the back seat with her and instructs 
the driver to take us home.  Gayle explains that Rick is her new toy.  'I want
him to be my slave.  I am showing him what I can give him at this stage
of his training.  The torture was to show him what I could do to him by way
of samples of pain.  He understands about the pain.  I asked him what he 
wanted if he could have anything.  You were one of the things that he wanted.
Show him a good time starting now.'  (I could make it better if you would let
me clean up and revive my arms.  I really cannot move them.  I am in constant
severe pain.)  We are silent the rest of the way.  Gayle takes me to Rick's
room and delivers me to him.  She explains about my arms and then leaves us
alone.   
         Rick takes my arms and moves them.  I scream in pain.  Rick grins.
It is a very long night.  After Rick removes my clothes and rapes me in 
several positions, he calls the driver, Juan, and takes me back to carls.
Rick doesn't even bother to dress me.  Juan enjoys the view.  When Rick
gets to Carls, Juan helps me out and manages to feel my private places.
Rick invites Juan in to watch.  Rick straps me into the rack and they
enjoy watching me suck my own pussy and asshole.  The pussy rubber is next.
Rick doesn't know how to hook me up to the water machine, so I have to help
him.  It takes a long time for Rick to find my urethra.  Juan even
tries a couple of times.  Finally, they manage to find the hole and force the
tube into by bladder.  The uterus tube is easy.  The asshole even easier.
The device goes into my mouth and strapped on.  The water machine is more
painful than usual.  My jaw is forced out of joint for the
rest of the night.  Rick and Juan especially enjoy the leg spreader.
Each man has his fingers and hand inside of my pussy and feeling around.
Each man forces a finger into my uterus and hears me scream when they pinch.
Finally, Rick eyes the pulley.  (Rick, I cannot use my arms now, you could
permanently cripple me if you hang me.)  Rick ponders that for a minute,
then tells me that I am being paid to take risks.  Rick and Juan tie
my hands behind me and get the tongue crusher.  I am forced to stick my
tongue out while Rick inserts the tongue crusher.  When he clamps down, I 
cannot make a sound.  Rick pulls me off the floor.  I scream and then pass
out.  When I wake up, Rick and the driver are inserting needles into my
breasts.  Rick notices that I am awake and yanks down on one of my breasts.
I pass out again.  When I wake up, Carl is letting me down.  It is morning.
I cannot stand.  Carl removes the needles and the tongue crusher.  I try to
talk but my jaw is out of joint.  Carl puts his thumbs in my mouth and 
forces my jaw back into joint.  The pain is horrid, but nothing compared
to my arms.  Carl unties me and helps me to my feet.  I tell Carl that my
clothes are over to Gayle's house.  Carl dials the phone and I talk.
Juan brings my clothes and Carl dresses me.  I am a mess, but I don't
even care.  Carl calls my home and mother comes to get me.  Carl takes 
mother aside and talks to her for a long time.  Finally, mother takes me
home and puts me straight to bed.  I sleep for a long time.  I dream that
Rick and the driver come into my room and rape me while I sleep.  Mother 
is watching so it must be a dream.  When I finally wake up, mother is
shaking me telling me it is time to go to school.  I missed a whole day.
         The use of my arms returns slowly.  I ache all over for a long time.
I find two one thousand dollar bills in my purse.  I rest for several weeks.
Gayle calls me, but mother asks to be my replacement.  Gayle tells her to
come over for an interview.  Since mother found out that her exboyfriend was
married, she is ready for some action.  We always tell each other when we go
to these type of assignments.  Gayle asks helen into the library.  Rick, 
Gayle, and Juan are there.  Rick says 'She is as pretty as Inez and
stacked too.'  Gayle responds 'Will she do as a replacement?'  'Yes, I think
so.'  Juan and Rick wink at each other.  'Just to be sure, Helen, take 
your clothes off please.'  Helen slowly removes her clothes.  Rick and
Juan agree that Helen will do.  'Can I have her now?'  'It is up to Helen.
Do you want the job?  Remember these boys will probably take you to Carl's.'
(Two thousand dollars seems like enough.  I will do it.)  'OK boys, she is
yours.'  Rick and Juan wink at each other and take Helen to the garage.
Helen is still naked except for shoes and stockings.  They get in the car and
Juan drives them over to Carls.  They pull into the garage so that
noone will see Helen walk in.  'We have the run of the basement for two
days.'  Helen will remember those words later.
         Helen is put on the rack first.  When she is kissing her own pussy,
Rick wants her to make herself come.  Helen finds her clitoris while the 
boys watch and sucks herself to orgasm.  The boys continue the rack till
Helen is past her asshole.  The boys cover her asshole with her chin and 
then, since her mouth is where her pussy should be, they fuck her mouth.  
Helen sucks them while they fuck her mouth.  When they come, she sucks them
dry while they pump themselves.  The boys leave her in the rack for a long 
time.  The pain finally gets to her and Helen asks for relief.  Rick grabs
Helens hair and forces her face into her asshole by pulling her hair.  'Don't
interfer with my plans again unless it is something that you are sure that I
will like.  Put your tongue into your asshole as far as you can.'  Helen is
surprised.  Helen forces her tongue into her asshole.  She works it in as far
as she can.  Rick finally pushes it in farther with his finger.  'Stay like 
that till I tell you to stop.'  Rick and Juan go upstairs.  It is very
hard for Helen to breath.  By the time Rick comes down, Helen is in a panic.
Helen is still tongue fucking her asshole.  When they take Helen off the
rack, she cannot stand.  They help her over to the pussy rubber and insert 
the two projections into her pussy and asshole.  Rick clamps the breastplate
over her breasts and activates the machine.  While the machine is running,
Rick adjusts it to maximum pain.  Maximum pain is new for Helen.  The 
projections become larger, longer, and move faster.  Helens breasts are
already sore.  By the time Rick takes her off, Helen is rubbed raw.
The water machine is next.  It takes Rick and Juan a long time to
insert the tube into Helen's urethra.  Finally, the tube is forced in.  The
Uterus is easier.  The asshole a snap.  Helen accepts the device into her
mouth.  Rick Straps her in and sets the dials for maximum pressure.  Rick
activates the machine and watches as the liquids are forced into and then out
of Helen.  They put their hands on her and feel the pressure.  Helens mouth
is forced open and her jaw is forced out of joint.  The stomach tube slides
down her throat and she swallows it.  Her mouth is forced open even farther.
The pressures build slowly till they are extreemly painful.  The boys 
enjoy her pain and each squeeze her breasts.  She is in so much pain that she
doesn't even realize they are trying to hurt her.  Rick leaves her on the 
water machine a very long time.  When Rick takes her off, Helen can barely 
talk, because her mouth is still out of joint.  Rick has her kneel in front
of him. He inserts his thumbs into her mouth and forces her jaw into joint.
It is very painful for Helen.
         The leg spreader is next.  When Helen is spread as far as possible,
Rick and Juan take turns forcing their fingers into Helen's uterus.
They pinch her and make her scream.  They each feel around inside of her till
she is sore from fondleing.  Finally, Rick ties Helen's hands behind her and
hangs her by her hands.  Rick pulls her hands clear up to the ceiling.
Rick forces Helen to put her tongue thru the tongue crusher and pulls it
with his hand while clamping it down.  Rick and Juan force needles thru
Helens tongue, ass cheeks, and breasts.  When they are satisfied, they leave.
Helen is left hanging all night.  Helen does not sleep at all.  Each time she
tries to change her position or escape, she increases her pain.  Finally,
Helen just hangs limp for the final hours, crying in pain off and on.
         Late the next morning Rick and Jaun find Helen and decide to try
Gayle's suggestion.  Rick has Helen spread her legs as wide as she can.
Rick then inserts his fingers and hand into her pussy.  Rick inserts two
fingers into Helen's uterus and pinches hard.  Rick than pulls down hard.
Helen cannot stand the pain and passes out.  They came prepared.  Juan puts
smelling salts under Helen's nose and forces her to consciousness.  Helen 
can only groan, because the tongue crusher fills her mouth.  Rick pulls down
again then he pushes up.  Rick alternates between pulling down and
pushing up.  Helen cannot stand the pain, but she is helpless.  After a brief
painful struggle, Helen gives up and tries to completely relax her muscles.
It helps some, but the pain is excruciating.  Rick finally stops the push
pull motion and concentrates on her uterus.  Rick struggles until he has
three fingers inside.  Helen can do nothing but sob.  When Rick finally has
all three fingers deep inside of her womb,  Rick starts the up and down 
motion again.  It seems to be a little worse this time.  Rick has a better
hold on her.  Finally, Rick withdraws and has Helen spread herself wide for
Juan.  Juan repeats Ricks action.  Fingers in her uterus and then up and
down.  Juan is not as rough as Rick, but the pain is very real.  When Juan
finally withdraws, Helen shakes with sobs and then is quiet.
         Rick and Juan confer for a time.  They seem to argue.  Finally, Rick
comes to Helen and Juan follows shaking his head.  Rick grabs Helen in a 
bear hug and lifts his feet.  His weight is added to Helen's weight so that
the combined weight forces Helen's arms to go straight up.  Helen passes out
from pain.  The boys hear something snap in Helen's shoulders.  Juan and Rick
leave Helen hanging and go to lunch.  When Helen wakes up, she is hanging
alone in the basement.  Any motion at all causes extreem pain.
Helen is still, motionless.  Even her breathing causes pain in her shoulders.
Helen can do nothing but cry.  When Rick and Juan return, Helen wants to die.
Rick lowers her to the floor.  Helen tries her best to stand, but Juan must
help her.  Helen cannot move her arms.  They hang useless at her sides.
Rick moves them around, causing great pain.  Helen can only cry and moan.
Rick pulls the needles out of Helens tongue, breasts, and ass cheeks.
After Rick removes the tongue crusher, Helen's tongue is too swollen for her
to talk.  She tries to tell them that she cannot move her arms.  Rick shrugs.
Rick looks thru Carl's toys and finally picks the uterus rod.
The boys put helen up on a table.  Juan steadies her while she lifts one leg
out to her side as far as she can.  Rick inserts the rod into her pussy and
uses a flashlight to guide it into her uterus.  It is painful for Helen as 
the cold metal rod penetrates her womanhood.  Rick rotates the handle and
the metal spines come out from the rod and poke into the sides of her uterus.
Helen's knees start to buckle.  Juan steadies her while Rick turns the handle
as far as it will go.  The pain is extreem.  Rick and Juan lift Helen
down onto the floor.  The pain is so bad that Helen forgets her arms for a 
moment.  The metal handle is dangling out of Helen's pussy.  The weight of
the rod is pulling down on the delicate inner walls of her uterus.  Helen is
afraid to move.  Rick forces her to walk.  The motion of walking is almost
too much for her.  The boys walk by her side for a while, because it looks
like she will faint.  
         When it looks like Helen will not pass out, She is forced to walk 
back and forth across the room while the boys watch.  Helen must walk 
bowlegged to avoid touching the rod.  Helen is still wearing her high heels,
so it is very difficult for her.  Rick almost laughs watching her struggle to
keep from hitting the rod with her legs.  Rick calls her over.  'Would you
like me to remove the rod?'  'Yes, Rick, please.'  'I will remove the rod if
you can remove your shoe and put it on top of the water machine.'
Helen slowly pulls her shoe off with her toe and bends down to pick it up.
It takes two tries, but finally Helen has her shoe in her hand.  Helen raises
up and walks to the water machine.  Helen tries to raise her hands.  The pain
prevents her from raising her arm high enough.  After several attempts, 
Helen returns to Rick.  'I can't do it.'  'Too bad.'  Juan helps her put her
shoe back on and Rick has her stand in front of him.  Rick is sitting down.
Rick takes the rod in his hand and pulls down slowly.  Helen bends her knees
and goes down also.  When Helen's face is even with Rick's, Rick pulls the 
rod closer to him and Helen follows.  When their faces are almost touching,
Rick kisses her.  Helen opens for him and they kiss hard.  When they are 
deep into the kiss, Rick twists the rod.  Helen moans and tries to grab his
hands.  Juan takes her hands and puts both of her arms in a hammer lock.
Helen screams into Ricks mouth.  'Kiss me with feeling or else I will pull
the rod out now!'  Helen closes her mouth over his and kisses Rick with all
she's got.  Rick continues to twist the rod while Juan pushes her arms slowly
higher up her back.  Helen cannot help moaning as she sucks Rick's tongue
and shares her inner mouth with him.  Rick breaks the kiss and pulls his
pants and shorts off.  Rick forces Helen to kneel and suck his penis.
Juan takes over the rod and Rick pulls her arms up her back.  Whenever Helen
slows down or doesn't please him, Rick pulls up on her sore arms.  Rick 
eventually comes in her mouth and pumps himself dry into her mouth.
Juan drops his pants and shorts and Rick turns Helen around to face Juan.
While Helen sucks Juan, Rick twists the rod and pulls her arms up her back.
Rick managaes to keep helen moaning or screaming.  Helen's tongue is almost
normal now.  Helen sucks out Juan's last drops of cum as he pumps himself.
Rick winks at Juan.  'I wonder if Helen can get your cock and both balls
into her mouth.'  Juan brings his leg up and over Helen and bends away from
her so that she is looking at his asshole.  Helen works Juan's penis down her
throat and then sucks each testicle into her mouth.  She pushes her face into
Juan as hard as she can to satisfy Rick.  Just when Helen thought that she
was in as much pain and trouble as possible, Juan starts to urinate.  Helen
must swallow as fast as possible to avoid drowning.  Juan stops in the 
middle to allow her to breath a few times before he finishes.  When Juan is
drained, Rick has Helen force her tongue into Juan's asshole.  Helen's 
tongue is sore but she manages to work it into Juan and close her mouth over
the hole.  Helen forces her tongue out and in while her mouth covers Juan's
asshole.  Rick takes Helen into the bathroom and forces her to kneel while
he sticks his finger down her throat.  Helen vomits up the urine.  Rick and
Juan trade places and Helen is forced to eat Ricks penis and balls.
Rick is harder and larger than Juan.  Helen has a very hard time not throwing
up while Rick is in her throat and mouth.  When Rick urinates, Helen has a
very bad moment.  She almost chokes.  When Rick is drained and withdraws,
Helen chokes and runs for the bathroom.  She forgets the rod and causes
herself great pain.  Helen just barely makes it to the toilet before Rick's
urine come up.
         When Helen is able to stand,  Rick pulls her out into the room and
tells her to do jumping jacks.  Rick and Juan want to see her breasts bounce.
Helen cannot raise her arms very high, but she tries.  Her breasts bounce.
She is not allowed to stop until she is exhausted.  Helen is allowed to crawl
around the room so they can watch her breasts swing.  While Helen is crawling,
around for Juan, Rick looks for more torture equipment.  Rick comes up with
a vacumn type machine that has an adjustable hole on the tube.  Rick adjusts
the hole to Helens dark area around her nipples, puts the tube over one of 
them and turns it on.  The dark area is sucked into the tube.  Rick has to 
pull it away from Helen or else the entire breast would go into the tube.
Helen screams and begs Rick to turn it off.  Rick doesn't hear her.
After a long five minutes, Rick turns it off and examines Helen's breast.
'Its working look at that.'  The dark area is swollen up from the breast.
Rick continues for a long long time.  Switching breasts until he is 
satisfied with the results.  Rick then ties two weights to Helen's nipples.
While Helen gets used to the new pain, Rick blindfolds her, removes her shoes,
and puts her on a chair so that her toes extend past the edge.  Rick and Juan
get two one by fours and swing them together so that they stike the ends of
Helen's toes on both feet simultaneously.  For a short time, Helen forgets
all the other pain.  She cannot see to walk or get down.  Helen can only
stand there and scream her pain.  When Helen quiets down some, they do it
again.  This time Helen cannot help herself.  She steps off the chair and
falls to the floor.  She bangs her head on the floor and almost passes out.
The rod is pulled by the fall and Helen is clutching her toes and pussy.
Rick forces her to stand and walk.  Helen limps for a few steps as she tries
to feel her way.  While Helen is blindfolded, Rick and Juan
take careful aim.  They hit her knees simultaneously.  Helen screams and grabs
her knees.  They hit her ass while she is bent over.  Helen rises up and they
stike her shins.  Each blow is hard and will leave wicked, painful bruses.
Helen is confused and tries to cover all the areas.  In doing so, she exposes
others.  Rick and Juan strike whenever they see a clear spot.  Helen's toes,
knees, shins, buttocks, stomach, and breasts recieve many blows.
After several minutes of confused torture, Helen gives up and stands with her
hands at her sides, moaning.  Rick hits her left knee and Juan hits her
buttocks repeatedly, until Helen starts to try to dodge them again.
Helen falls and tries to roll away from them.  The boys find her an easy 
target.  She cannot get away from the blows.  Finally, Helen starts running.
She runs into things and receives more bruses.  She runs along the walls.
While she runs the blows come less frequently, so she continues to run around
the outside walls.  Rick holds his board against a doorway and Helen trips.
She receives several blows till she gains her feet and continues to run.
Rick makes Helen fall seven times before they tire and let her rest.
         While Helen rests, Rick hooks her up to the breast sucker.
Helen moans while her breast is sucked into the tube.  The pain is not
severe, but it is still uncomfortable.  Helen is still wearing the blindfold.
When Rick is changing breasts, he shoves the end into Helen's mouth.
It sucks away her breath until she sticks her tongue into the tube.
When Rick pulls the tube away from her face, her tongue is stuck.  Juan holds
Helen's shoulders while Rick pulls on the tube.  Helen starts to scream just
as the tube breaks free.  Rick puts the tube on the second breast.
While Rick sucks Helen's breasts into the shape that he likes, Juan pinches
them.  Juan is exploring each breast.  He pinches flesh between his fingers
and then rolls them so that he senses what is there.  Juan explores both of 
her breasts thoroughly.  Rick grabs Helen's hair with his free hand
and pulls her into a kiss.  While she is kissing him, Rick takes one of her
hands and puts it on his pants.  Rick lowers his pants and shorts.  Helen
is forced to jack off Rick.  Juan thinks that it looks good, so he has 
Helen jack him off with her other hand.  Rick finds her clitoris and strokes
it.  Helen responds and moves more rapidly.  After the boys come and clean
themselves up, Helen wants to do herself.  Rick gives her permission.
Helen strokes herself until she has her orgasm.  Helen moans her pleasure and
pain together.  Just as she comes, Rick yanks on the rod.  Helen screams, but
continues to stroke herself.  Rick twists and pulls the rod while Helen
screams and strokes herself.  Finally, they all sit on the floor to rest.
Helen aches all over from the blows she received and the falls she has taken.
Her uterus aches constantly, because of the rod.
The pain in her shoulders is constant and sharp.
         When Rick and Juan are rested, they have a whispered conference and
then approach Helen.  Rick grabs the rod and has Helen spread her legs wide.
Juan goes behind Helen, sits down, reaches under her arms and grabs both
breasts.  Rick slowly starts to pull on the rod.  With only limited use of 
her arms, Helen is helpless against them.  Rick increases the pull until
Helen groans and finally screams.  Finally, the flesh yields and the rod comes
out.  The boys release her, and Helen clutches her abdomen and pussy.
When Helen has finished crying, the boys take her upstairs and let her fix 
her face and hair.  Juan drives them over to Gayle's place where Helen gets
her sweater and skirt.  The boys drive Helen to the street where the whores
hang out.  Helen is put out on the street with the following instructions:
'When you get two hundred dollars by whoring, you can go home.'  Helen's pleas
are ignored.  Rick and Juan will watch for a time and then go to a movie.
Helen is to get them out of the movie or else walk to Gayles when she
has completed her task.  Helen is wearing a sweater, a skirt, two stockings,
and two shoes.  She doesn't even have a purse to carry her money.  It is a
very long night for Helen.  Long and painful.  Painful, because when the
other whores pick on her, she cannot defend herself, because of her sore 
shoulder.  Rick is awakened at six in the morning.  Helen looks like hell.
Her face is bloody and brused, and her clothes are torn.  Helen shows Rick
the money she earned and insists that he take her home.  Rick and Juan
insist on one more ride.  Helen is allowed to clean herself up and strip in
the bathroom.  Rick and Juan enjoy her one last time and then they take
Helen home.
         I am very glad to see mother.  She has been gone for two days.
Helen sleeps the clock around and then takes several days to get
back to her old self.  I do everything in my power to make Helen comfortable.
I notice the swollen shoulders, the bruses, the swollen tongue and toes.
I got her into this condition, because I was too weak to go myself.  
I love Helen with all my heart.  Not just because she is my mother.
Helen is now my very best friend also.  We tell each other everything;
and I mean everything.  Helen tells me everything that happened to her.
I can hardly imagine trying to earn two hundred dollars as a whore.
My heart aches for this courageous woman lying in pain.  She is a queen.
         When Gayle calls, I am furious.  I explain Helens condition to her
and detail some of the things that she was forced to do.  Gayle thanks me for
the information and agrees to send more money.  'Will you come one last
time?  Rick wants this one last thing, before he submits himself to me.'
I cannot believe it.  I ask her for restrictions on what happens to me.
Gayle offers more money.  When Gayle offers five thousand dollars for two 
days work, I agree.  The date is agreed upon and we say goodbye.  On the
agreed upon date, I make sure Helen knows where I am going.  When Rick and
Juan drive up, I hurry out to the car and try to act like it is an ordinary
date.  While Juan is driving, Rick has me get upside down by puting my head
on the floor and my knees on either side of Rick's head.  Rick slides my
panties off and strokes my clitoris till I am wet.  I feel something cold
slide into my wet pussy.  I look up in time to see a metal rod going into me.
The rod is forced into my uterus.  I moan from pain.  Rick works it into
me as far as possible, then rotates the handle.  The spines tear into the
soft flesh of my inner uterus and I scream.  Rick turns the device till the
spines are fully extended, then he locks it in place and pulls me up to a
sitting position.  I pull my dress down.  That is the end of my happy time.
From then on, until the rod was removed, I hurt every time I move, sit,
stand, walk, or even breath.  Rick and I trade seats so that I am next to the
curb window.  Rick gives me instructions.  Each time we see men on the street
alone or in pairs, Juan stops, I call them over.  They bend down and I talk
for a minute and kiss them.  I really kiss them.  I fondle their penises and
unzip their pants.  I take out their penises and pull them into my mouth
or jack them off till they come.  When they come, I take their penis into my
mouth and suck the cum.  When the man is finished, we drive to the next one.
One time I was sucking one man while jacking off two others.  They had to
catch their own cum that time.  Rick gives me more instructions.  From then
on I pull the man's hand down into my bra before I unzip his pants.  Several
men squeeze me hard, causing great pain.  Most men just enjoy me.  Rick has
me strip to the waist then put my blouse on without buttoning it.
         Rick has Juan stop for a couple.  I kiss the man and he fondles me
while Rick talks with the girl.  The girl notices me unzipping his pants.
When I am sucking his penis, the girl grabs my hair and tries to pull me out
of the car.  Rick holds me in while the girl grabs my hair with both hands
and pulls with all her might.  The man withdraws his penis and the girl puts
her knee into my face.  When I try to pull into the car, she forces my head
to bang on the window frame before letting me go.  When Juan stops for a girl,
I reach up and kiss her when she bends down.  My hand is going up her dress
when she slaps my face hard.  My hand is on her pussy when she hits me the
second time.  I am rubbing her when she grabs my hair with one hand and hits
me with the other.  I have both hands up her dress.  One hand pulls her
panties down while the other slides into her pussy.  She grabs my hair in
both hands and bangs my head back against the widow frame over and over
again.  When I pass out, Juan drives away.  Rick pulls me into the car.
         Rick always carries smelling salts now.  A few slaps are all that
he needs this time.  My head aches from the blows on the back of my head.
Rick and Juan are having a great time.  We drive up to a couple and Rick
tells me to take them both.  They bend down to me and I kiss the man first.
When I kiss the woman, she withdraws first, but then allows me to kiss her.
When I am kissing the woman, I open the man's pants and jack him off.  When
I am jacking the man off, I start my other hand up the woman's dress.
When I reach her panties, I stroke her pussy.  People are starting to stare,
so Rick invites them in.  The woman climbs over me and sits between Rick and
me.  The man sits next to the window.  When we are settled,  I pull the mans
pants and shorts down and start jacking him off again.  I then reach under 
her dress and push her dress up so that I can reach her pussy.  The woman
turns to me and we kiss.  This time it is a real kiss.  We are sucking each
other as I fondle her pussy.  The man is squeezing my right breast and the
woman is squeezing my left.  The man reaches under my skirt.  I help him
push my skirt up to my waist.  The woman helps me pull her panties down
to her ankles.  She spreads herself open for me and I enter her wet cunt with
my fingers.  Her clitoris is easy to find and she responds quickly.
The woman starts to remove her blouse so Rick helps her undress.  Rick has
Juan drive us to Gayles house.  We park in the garage and fondle each other
till we need release.  Rick spreads a blanket on the back lawn and we go
back there.  On the blanket, Rick fingers the woman while I suck the man to
climax.  Then I suck the woman and finger her till she comes.  Rick has us
all stand.  He has the woman face away from me and bend low so that her ass
cheeks open to me.  She sreads her legs and reaches back to hold herself open
to me.  I bend down and kiss her and lick her round the world.  The man comes
up behind me and grabs the rod.  When he pulls on it, I cry out in pain.
Rick unlocks it and withdraws the spines.  Rick withdraws the rod and I moan
with pleasure.  The man opens me with his hand.
When he is ready, he slides his penis into my pussy, and rides me till
he comes.  The woman takes a long time and so Rick and Juan fuck me
while they wait.  When the woman finally comes,  she screams
her climax for the world to hear.  Rick has me lick and 
suck all four of them clean afterward.  When we are finished, Rick shows the
couple how to put the rod back into my uterus.  When the handle turns and the
spines enter my flesh again, I cannot help screaming in pain and crying.
Rick tells the couple that I really love it.  We all dress and get back in
the car.  I leave my blouse open and don't wear a bra or panties.  
I know what Rick wants.   When we drop the couple off, they want my phone
number and I give it to them along with my name.  Rick liked the couple
idea so we look for another.  We drive up to a couple of negro girls.
Juan stops and they bend down.  I reach up and pull one of them into a
kiss.  She grabs my hair, pulls me away, and spits into my face.
The second girl grabs my breasts and pulls.  Rick holds me in the car.
The first girl makes a fist and beats my face, while the second girl 
continues to hold my breasts.  Juan starts to drive away and they release
me.  My face and breasts are sore.  Rick looks at my face and says I will 
be OK.  We finally find another couple.  When they bend down, I pull the man
into a kiss and he responds immediatly.  I break the kiss and reach for the
woman.  She is not as willing and I have to pull hard on her.  Finally, she
comes into a short kiss.  I start to fondle the woman, but she will not let
me touch her.  The man seems to enjoy it so I concentrate on him.
The man squeezes my breasts and we kiss again.  I unzip his pants and
reach into his shorts.  I start to jack him off.  The woman wants to go,
but the man wants to stay.  When people start to watch us, Rick invites 
them into the car.  They argue for a minute and then they enter the car.
I have the man's clothes down to his ankles and he is about ready to cum
when the woman notices the rod.  She spreads my legs and takes the rod in
her hand.  When she twists it I scream and grab her hand.  The woman relaxes
the tension and lets me finish the man.  When he comes, I bend over and suck
him.  When I have pumped him dry into my mouth, I sit up and look at the
woman.  (May I do something for you?)  She twists the rod hard.  I scream
my pain and grab her hand.  (Please don't.  Please stop.)  She asks me to
release her and I do.  She has me press my hands against the car roof and 
leave them there.  I do.  The man explores my breasts while she grins and
pulls my pubic hair.  I am quiet.  She pinches my inner thighs very hard.
She seems to enjoy pinching me.  She pinches my pussy, my abdomen, my side,
my arm pit, my upper arm, my neck, my cheek, my lips, and my nose.
She grabs my hair and pulls till it brings tears to my eyes.  She asks me to
kiss her.  I kiss her and she pulls on the rod.  I moan and scream into her
mouth.  She insists that I kiss her so I try.  She sucks my tongue into her
mouth and bits down hard while she pulls the rod with all her might.
I cannot bear the pain so I grab her hand.  I can taste the blood coming
from my tongue.  Finally, she releases my tongue and the rod.  Rick has Juan
let them off where we picked them up.  I cry for a while, one hand holding
the rod, the other holding my mouth.  Rick says one more and then we will go.
         Juan pulls up to a beautiful black girl.  When she bends down to
talk to me, I very gently take her face in my hands and kiss her.  When I
reach down and start my hand up her dress, she closes her legs and gives
Rick and Juan the eye.  She slowly lets the kiss grow.  When she tastes the
blood in my mouth, she relaxes some.  I work my hand up to her pussy and 
stroke her.  She seems to concentrate for a minute, then she breaks the kiss,
opens the door, and climbs in next to me.  She looks me in the eye and 
whispers questions to me.  'Do You need help?'  (No.)  'Do you want to make
love with me in front of these men?'  (Yes.)  She shrugs and grabs my 
breast while we kiss.  I undo her blouse and unhook her bra.  I take her
breasts in my hands and squeeze them.  I rub each nipple to hardness.
I bend down and kiss each nipple.  I reach under her dress and stroke her
pussy.  She adjusts her skirt up and pulls her panties down to her ankles.
She opens her legs and I find her clitoris.  When I am stroking her 
clitoris, she finds the rod.  She frowns and eyes Rick and Juan.  She is able
to find my clitoris anyway, because it is so big.  She is surprised at its
size.  She feels it for a long time before getting down to the rhythm of
lovemaking.  She is easily excited, just like me.  We both come quickly.
The girl eyes me and I kiss her hard on the mouth.  She understands and 
we make love again.  This time lasts longer and is much better.  For a very
short time, I forget about Rick and the rod.  When we are resting, I beg her
to go one more time with me.  She seems to understand that the longer we make
love, the less pain I will have to endure.  This time we arrange ourselves 
so that I can kiss and suck her clitoris.  The only dark spot is that
Rick gets a full view of her pussy.  The girl seems to really enjoy it.
She comes and pulls me into her to signal her climax.  I work on her for
a long time afterward.  Finally, we are still.  I am content with my cheek
lying on her pussy.  Juan pulls over to the curb and she dresses herself.
I whisper my name and phone number in her ear.  She nods and leaves the car.
When I look back, she is writing.  I am forced to tell Rick all of our
whispered conversations.  'Why did you give her your name?'  (I like her.)
'Are you a lesbian?'  That gives me pause.  (I don't know.)  Rick has Juan
take us to Carl's.
         By the time we get to Carl's, it is very late.  The boys take me
downstairs, tie my hands behind me, and hang me by my hands.  Rick installs
the tongue crusher and inserts needles into my tongue, breasts, and ass
cheeks.  He pulls me to the ceiling and ties the rope off.  Rick grabs the 
rod and pulls down then pushes up alternating for several minutes.  I am
in terrible pain.  Rick keeps it up till I pass out from pain.  Later in the
night I wake up.  I can hear people moving around.  They are using a
flashlight.  When they finally spot me, I greet them.  (Hi.)  'Hello, who are
you?'  I grunt for a while till one of them manages to remove the needle and
tongue crusher.  (I am Inez Cooper.)  After I explain that I am being paid
to submit to my customer, they lower me to the floor.  They have to hold
me up for a minute.  My shoulders ache, but I have learned how to hide the 
pain.  There are two boys,  Lou Makin, age 19, the leader,  and Stacy Turley,
age 21.  Stacy recognizes me from a friends personal video.  (Yes that's me.)
Lou wants to make love.  I agree, but only if they will put me back the way
they found me before they leave.  They agree.  Lou pulls out the needles and
works on the rod till it comes out.  I feel so good I almost cry.  Lou is
very gentle with me.  We start slow and when he finds my large clitoris I
am ready quickly.  I make love with both of them several times.  We suck
each other, explore each other, and all have a great time.  When we finish,
it is getting light outside.  Lou and Stacy have to go, so they reinstall the
torture equipment.  Lou is as gentle as possible inserting the rod into me.
I scream when he turns the handle.  I make him turn it all the way and lock
it.  (Thank you, Lou.)  Lou inserts the needles and pulls my tongue thru the
Tongue crusher before clamping it down.  My tongue is very tender and I
flinch when Lou pushes the needle thru my tongue.  My hands are tied and they
hang me once again from the ceiling.  I am crying from the pain.
Lou promises to call me later and they leave.  I don't think it is thirty 
minutes before Rick and Juan show up.  Rick grabs me and adds his weight
to mine.  My shoulders are wrenched from their sockets and I pass out from
pain.  When I wake up, I am in Rick's room at Gayles house.  I am untied,
but I cannot move my arms.  The needles and tongue crusher are gone, but the
rod is still in.  Rick and Juan are holding paddles that look like one by 
four boards with handles.  They have been sanded smooth.  When I groan, they
help me to my feet.  Rick walks me down to Gayle's room.  Gayle is still in
bed.  I guess Gayle wanted to see what happened next.  I am taken over next
to the bed and Rick holds one foot up while Juan hits it full force straight
into the toes.  I scream.  Juan hits me once more and then they
change feet.  After two more blows, I am allowed to stand alone.  My stubbed
toes ache.  Rick puts a blind fold on me and then the fun begins.  Rick and
Juan beat me with the boards.  They are carfull in their hits.  They hit my
shins, my knees, my upper legs, my ass, my abdomen, my breasts, my head, my
elbos, my hands, my back, my sides, my ears, and my toes again when they 
catch my feet off the floor.  When they rest, I am one big bruise.  I can 
move my hands and arms, but I cannot move my shoulder joint.  I am crying
uncontrollably when they start again.  They chase me around the room.
I fall often, because I cannot see.  When I bump into the bed, I crawl onto
it and beg Gayle to make them stop.  My ass is whacked several times while I
beg.  Someone finally grabs the rod and pulls me off the bed.  I grab the rod
to minimize the pain.  They beat me again until one extra hard blow to my
abdomen sends me down for the count.
         I wake up in Rick's room.  When they hear me moan, Juan holds me
while Rick pulls on the rod.  Rick pulls harder and harder until it tears
the flesh of my uterus and comes out.  I scream and pass out again.  I wake 
up in the trunk of Gayle'c car.  We get out in Carl's garage.  They take
me downstairs.  Carl is adjusting a new machine.
Three new machines stand ready for use.  Nellie Stone has
combined all of the previous machines into one.  I am to be the guinie pig.
Its like being straped into a launching capsul.  First tubes are inserted
into my bladder and uterus, then the projections are inserted into my pussy 
and asshole.  My legs are straped down next.  The chest machine is adjusted
on me next.  The holes are adjusted so that my nipples and dark area just fit
thru the hole.  The suction is started and my breast tips are sucked thru the
hole.  The adjustment is set so that the machine accomodates my large breasts.
The device is inserted into my mouth and my tongue is pulled out thru the 
device. When the lever is pulled down, my tongue is crushed and pulled out
farther.  A needle sharp projection goes thru my tongue as the lever is
pulled.  I feel the tube go down my Throat.  The device forces my mouth
open and dislocates my jaw.  The next hour is one of constantly changing 
torture.  I am conscious thru most of it.  The liquids flow like before.
The pressures are variable.  My legs are brought up and down past my head
like the rack.  My legs are spread wide like the leg spreader.
The projections pump me like the pussy rubber.  The device in my pussy
expands and forces me open.  I lose consciousness at that point.
When I wake up, needles are automatically inserted into my breasts.  I feel
a liquid forced into them.  I feel the burning.  I feel needles inserted
into my ass cheeks, and the burning liquid forced in.  My arms are forced
back and up similar to the hanging position.  Finally I am allowed
off.  I walk around a little and then they put me in the second machine.
I am used to help adjust each of Carl's three new machines.  When they 
finally finish with me, my breasts are reshaped, my jaw aches terribly,
my tongue, breasts, and ass feel like pin cushions, my joints are all sore,
my pussy and asshole are rubbed raw, and my stomach, bladder, uterus, and
rectum feel like used balloons.
         Rick and Juan take me shopping for new clothes.  They buy me a new
evening dress.  strapless and very revealing.  It is fairly tight.  I am not
allowed to wear a bra with it.  We go out to eat and dance.  My dress keeps
falling off my breasts so that I must continually pull it up.  During the
evening, my dress falls completely down many times.  Every place we go
everyone stares at me.  At one bar Rick sells me to a man and we make love
in the car.  Rick starts giving me drinks and the evening becomes a blurr.
I know that I am raped several times, and many people are allowed to pull my
dress down to see my breasts.  One man puts his penis into me while we 
danced.  When I am delivered home, I am completely smashed.  I am very sick
the next day.
         Lou proposes to me and gives me a magnificent ring.  I am the envy
of every girl in the school when I wear it.  Whenever Lou calls we go out
and have great times together.  He has me open a safety deposit box for
him in my name.  I am tempted to look in it, but I never do.  We make love
frequently.  Lou is good to me.  I will marry him someday.


m



 




















 


















