                           The Infidel

                       A Story by Prisoner

I  tried to stifle another yawn and looked at my watch.   It  was
03:30.

"Damn"  I  thought  to myself, "another hour before  my  tour  is
over."

I  got  up from behind the desk, and walked  towards  the  office
door.   I  opened it and looked up and down  the  dark  corridor.
There  is nothing as boring as embassy duty in the middle of  the
night.

"Oh well, at least I don't have to stand outside in the cold like
those other jarheads." I mused silently.

Being  a Marine sergeant had some privileges.  I walked down  the
corridor  towards the men's room.  I entered and switched on  the
light.   After pissing, I went over and washed my hands,  looking
at  my  reflection  in the mirror.  I dried my  hands,  and  then
rubbed  the dark stubble on my head.  I never could get  used  to
the Marine Corps hair style.  When I first joined the Marines out
of high school three years ago, I had been real proud of my  dark
wavy  hair.  Oh, well.  There were other things the Corps  taught
me to be proud of.

I  continued staring, dark brown eyes stared back at  me  beneath
black  eyebrows. I smiled, revealing the $5000 my folks had  paid
to  give me that million dollar smile. Vain?  Hell yes I'm  vain.
I've had enough propositions from women and men to know that I've
got  something  to offer.  Shit, even when I was 14 or 15  I  was
being  chased.  I was a "pretty boy" then, thank god I look  more
masculine  now.  I guess the Corps had something to do  with  it,
hardening and toughening me.

My  eyes  swept  down to my chest and  the  uniform  blouse  that
outlined  every definition.  Like I said, I'd been kind  of  soft
when  I joined, skinny actually.  I looked at my watch.   It  was
03:40.

"What  the hell" I spoke out-loud, but in a low voice, and  began
to unbutton my shirt.

I pulled the shirttails out of my trousers and shucked the  shirt
off,  laying it carefully on the next sink.  I reached down  with
both  hands  and  slowly pulled my tee shirt over  my  head,  and
tossed it on top of my shirt.

I  looked myself up and down.  My chest was a uniform brown  from
the hours spent at the embassy pool, and before that at the beach
in  Oceanside. The brown of my skin was offset by the dark  curly
hair  that  was  set  in  a  triangle  between  my  nipples   and
midsection.   A  trail  of  hair  also  extended  down  from   my
midsection,  circled around my navel and then continued on in  an
almost straight line down, below my belt.  A glory trail  someone
had once said.

Because  of basic training and my subsequent workouts,  my  chest
was  well  muscled,  but  not over-built.   I  was  still  fairly
slender,  weighing in at 150 pounds on a 5'11" frame, but  now  I
had  good  definition.   I began to finger and pinch  one  of  my
nipples.   In response, it began to firm up.  I reached over  and
stirred the other one to life.  A familiar fire began to warm  my
midsection,  and  I  could  feel  my  cock  stirring  below.    I
swallowed, as my horniness grew even stronger.

I looked over my shoulder.

"Shit,"  I thought silently, "that's stupid, no one is  here  but
those two dumb jarheads outside."

I  reached down and unbuckled my belt with one hand.  I began  to
knead my cock through the cloth of my pants with the other  hand.
I  slowly unzipped my trousers and pushed them down to my  knees.
My  cock was hard, straining against the cloth of my  shorts.   A
wet  spot  appeared on the white cotton where my  cockhead  oozed
precum.  I quickly pushed the shorts down on top of my pants,  my
cock sprang free.

I  rubbed the precum over the head of my cock, and  slowly  began
moving the skin up and down.  I pinched the edge of the  foreskin
and  pulled it further over the head of my cock.  I had a  pretty
long  foreskin compared to other guys I'd seen.  Mine extended  a
good  two  inches.   I pushed a finger through  the  end  of  the
foreskin and began to message the head of my cock.

"Hsssh" I gasped between clenched teeth.

God,  it  felt great.  I pulled the foreskin back  revealing  the
mushroom  shaped  head of my cock.  More precum oozed out  of  my
piss hole.  I massaged the precum up and down the shaft.  My cock
was  pretty  big by comparison, standing a full 9.5"  when  fully
hard,  like it was now.  I cupped my balls with my free hand  and
began to knead and squeeze them.

"Aaah"  I  moaned as I felt the juices begin to move.   I  pulled
down  sharply on my balls and my cock jerked and let fly  with  a
huge wad of thick white cum that splattered the mirror and sink.

"Aaah,  aah, aaaaah" I gasped as my cock continued to  shoot  its
load.

I stood there for a few seconds, panting, my cock still hard, and
the last rivulets of cum oozing out and dropping onto the sink.

"Whew"  I finally sighed.  I pulled up my shorts and  pants,  and
began  to put on my shirts.  After I was dressed, I  washed  down
the sink and mirror; not wanting to leave pecker tracks to  shock
the embassy staff.  I looked at my watch, it was 04:15.

"Thank  god" I muttered to myself as I realized that my tour  was
almost  over.  I left the men's room and walked quickly  back  to
the office.

At exactly 04:30 the door opened and Sergeant Mayes entered.

"Anything happening" he asked routinely.

"Nope,  nothing, just like always in this fucking sand  trap."  I
replied as I got up to leave.

I  walked  out of the office and down the corridor to  the  front
door.   I  opened it and walked out into the early  morning  air.
Back  home  it would have been cool and refreshing, but  here  in
Saudi  Arabia it was still hot from the day before.  I  left  the
embassy grounds and began walking towards my apartment.

I had been here for 3 months, and I still didn't like the  place.
I liked the embassy duty, since there wasn't much to do.  I liked
living in an apartment rather than on post, but the place was hot
and  dry,  and there wasn't much a gay guy could  do,  unless  he
liked camel jockeys.

Because I was preoccupied with feeling sorry for myself for being
here in the first place, I failed to notice that a car had pulled
away  from  the  curb  when I left the  embassy  and  was  slowly
following me.  It was a big mistake.

"Hey, GI" I heard a voice call out.

I  turned  towards the sound and found myself  staring  down  the
barrel  of an uzi poking through the window of a car.   The  back
doors  opened and two arabs got out.  I looked around to  see  if
anyone  else was nearby, and to see if there was anyway  I  could
run.

"Don't  be stupid GI, I can cut you down before you get 5  steps"
the voice from inside the car spoke coldly.

"What  do  you wa.." I started to ask, my  voice  quivering  with
rising  fear.  But before I could finish, the two arabs  who  had
gotten out were on top of me.  A rag was stuffed in my mouth,  my
arms  were  pinned behind my back and I could feel a  cord  being
wrapped  around my wrists.  They quickly hustled me into the  car
and through a blanket over me.  I felt the car start to move.

We  continued to drive for some time.  I lost track of how  long.
It  felt like we were first on pavement and then, because of  the
way  the  car  bounced,  on an unpaved  surface.   The  heat  was
stifling  and being underneath the blanket didn't help  much.   I
kept thinking to myself that these must be terrorists, and I  was
going to be the next item in the headlines.  My mind wandered  to
all  sorts of images until I was jolted into reality as  the  car
came  to an abrupt halt.  The blanket was pulled off me, and  the
two who had hustled me into the car now hustled me out.  The  sun
was so bright that I was momentarily blinded.

I blinked and tried to clear my vision.  Within a few seconds  my
vision began to clear.  I was outdoors and around us were several
tents.  The flap of one tent opened and another arab came through
it  and walked toward us.  I was being held by the two arabs  who
had come with me.  The third in the car, the one with the uzi was
standing nearby.

As  the  one came up, he began to speak with the one  toting  the
uzi.  They were speaking arabic, so I had no idea what they  were
saying.   As they continued to speak, I looked around  the  camp.
There  were about 4 tents.  In front of each was a  campfire.   I
saw  no other vehicles.  To one side there were camels tied in  a
row.   I  continued  to  scan  the  camp  as  their  conversation
continued.   To  one  side was a structure  that  looked  like  a
football  goal  post, with two posts upright and a  third  laying
across  the top.  Ropes hung from the middle of the  cross  beam.
In front of the contraption, there were four stakes that had been
pounded  into the sand.  They looked to be spaced the size  of  a
man, spread-eagled.

The  conversation stopped and I looked back towards the  two  who
had been speaking.  The one with the uzi came over to me.

"Welcome,  GI"  he spoke in mock friendliness. "My father,  "  he
indicated the other arab with a nod, "welcomes you too."

I stood there, silently since I was gagged.

"Oh,  how  thoughtless of me" he commented as he pulled  the  gag
free.  "Now you can speak."

"What do you want, why am I here.." I started to stammer.

"What  do  we want" he interjected, causing me to  stop  talking.
"What we want and why you are here are the same thing" he smiled.

I must have looked confused.

"You are here, because we want ....you" he answered.

"My  government  won't submit to kidnapers, they  won't  pay  any
ransom." I stated, hoping that they would, in fact, pay  whatever
they had to to get me out of here.

"No, no GI" he spoke in earnest, "you don't understand."

I must have really looked confused then.

"I said we want you, and that is all we want.  You." he offered.

"I don't understand.. I began to stammer"

The other arab, his father, shouted out something in arabic.   By
the tone of his voice he wasn't pleased with what was going on.

The one in front of me turned and answered.  Then he turned  back
to me.

"My father is impatient.  He wants us to get on with it."

Now I was really confused, and afraid.

"Get on with what" I asked, my voice quivering in real fear.

The  arab  ignored  my question and put down his  uzi.   He  then
pulled a dagger out of his robe and came up next to me.  I closed
my eyes and sucked in a deep breath, knowing that he was going to
kill  me.   I  heard  laughter and opened  my  eyes  to  see  him
grinning.

"No GI, " he purred, "we are not going to kill you.  We are going
to save you."

He  grabbed the cloth of my shirt and pulled and with  his  knife
began  to cut away the fabric.  As soon as my shirt was  shredded
he pulled off the tatters and discarded them.  He pulled the neck
of my tee shirt and inserted the blade, and pulled down,  ripping
the tee shirt in two.  A few cuts later and the tee shirt  joined
the  pile of rags at my feet.  I was now stripped to  the  waist.
He took the point of the knife and touched first one and then the
other of my nipples.

"Hssh" I gasped, more in fear than in pain, since he didn't  even
nick me.

"In  time, my friend, in time" he spoke softly.  He  grabbed  the
waistband of my trousers and cut downward, ripping the  trousers.
He cut down each leg until the pants fell away.  He reached  down
and  pulled off my shoes and socks.  The sand burned my feet.   I
stood there, wearing only my shorts.

"You have a nice body" he mused "even if you are an infidel."

He inserted the blade in the waistband of my shorts and began  to
rip  and tear the cloth.  In a few seconds I stood there  totally
naked.

"As I suspected" he hissed as he reached over and grabbed by cock
and  balls  "  you  do not have the mark  of  the  covenant."  he
continued showing my uncut cock to the other arabs.

His  father  shouted more arabic words, and the two who  held  me
pushed and shoved me towards the stakes that were in the  ground.
As  we got there, they pushed me down onto the ground.  The  arab
with the uzi pointed it at me.

"In case you get any foolish ideas" he smiled.

They  cut  through the cord that bound my wrists,  but  before  I
could  rub  them, they pushed me down on my back, and  pulled  my
arms  up and out.  In a few moments they had secured each  of  my
wrists to the stakes above my head.  They then went to my  ankles
and  pulled my legs down, and apart, securing the ankles  to  the
stakes at my feet.  I closed my eyes against the bright sun.

"In  case  you are wondering what this is about" the  arab  spoke
slowly,  " my father instructed us to bring back an infidel.   An
american  infidel.  The reason...he believes that  the  Americans
have  caused our people to forget their heritage.  He  is  filled
with anger."  he continued talking as he stooped down by my head,
his  hand  began to wander across my chest,  fingering  the  hair
there, and pinching and twisting my nipples.

"He wanted to attack the American embassy, to punish them.   That
would have been foolish.  We convinced him that he could vent his
rage against a single american, as a symbol of his  displeasure."
he  smiled  down  at me.  His hand continued to  wander  down  my
chest, fingering my pubic hair and then slowly rubbing against my
cock.

"So, you are the chosen one" he continued to smile.  His hand was
expert, even tied down in the middle of the desert, stark  naked,
and  waiting  for god knows what, my cock  responded  by  growing
harder.  I couldn't believe it.

"You  are here to suffer the punishment my father wanted to  give
your  embassy.   You  are the  symbolic  representative  of  your
people."

My  cock  started  to pulse.  I tried to  will  away  the  coming
orgasm.   The  arab laughed and continued to stroke my  dick.   I
clenched my teeth.

"Ooooh" I moaned as my cock began to ejaculate thick gobs of cum.

"Hmm,  " the arab mused, "it is true what I have heard about  you
Americans."  he spoke softly as he rubbed the cum into  my  chest
and over my cock and balls.

"What's that" I spoke with hatred.

"That  you prize sex above all other pleasantries, and will  have
orgasms even when you are in pain." he answered matter of factly.
"We will see if it is true, we will provide you with the pain."


His father came over carrying a clay pot.  He spoke something  to
the son, who got up and moved away from me.  The father knelt  at
my side and smiled. Reaching into the pot, he took a thick gob of
some  kind of sticky substance on his finger.  He put his  finger
to my lips and smeared some of the stuff on them.  It was honey.

He  then  began  to rub some of the honey, first on  each  of  my
nipples,  then  on to my cock and balls.  Like his  son,  he  too
found  my cock interesting, and stroked me until I was hard  once
again.   I  pulled uselessly at my restraints.  He  smeared  more
honey onto my hard dick and then got up and moved away.

I  lay  there  for  several minutes, the  thick  aroma  of  honey
beginning to waft through the air in the heat.  I couldn't figure
out  what  this game was.  Suddenly I began to hear  buzzing.   I
raised my head and saw a huge horsefly land on my chest and begin
to crawl towards my nipples.  The fly began to lick at the honey.
In a few seconds more flies appeared.

"Ow" I hollered as one of the flies took a bite out of my flesh.

"Ow,  ah, ow, shit" I began to holler as more of the flies  mixed
licking the honey with biting my nipples, cock and balls.

"Shit,  god,  ow, aaah" I screamed as more  flies  descended  and
joined the others in torturing me.

They  were all over me, biting at my cock, my balls, my tits.   I
tried to shake them off, but couldn't move but a few centimeters.
I  arched  my  back and pulled again at the ropes  that  held  my
wrists  and ankles.  This seemed only to infuriate the flies  and
they began biting me in earnest.

"Aaaah"  I  screamed as the torment grew worse.  I knew  that  my
cock  and balls would look like hamburger if this continued  much
longer.

The  arabs  came over and brushed away the flies.  My  head  fell
back against the sand, my breath came in deep gulps.  I tried  to
block out the dull throbbing that now replaced the sharp pain  of
the  insect  bites.   I opened my eyes and looked  at  the  arabs
standing over me.  They looked back at me blankly.  I guess  they
had grown bored with this particular kind of torment.

The  father spoke something to the son who smiled in  return  and
left.   The  father  then  knelt down beside  me  once  again,  a
toothless grin on his face.  He pulled a leather cord from inside
of  his  robe. I raised my head to see what he was  doing  as  he
began tying it around my scrotum.

"Ah"  I gasped as he pulled the cord tight, forcing my nuts  deep
into the sac.

He then began to wind the cord around my scrotum, tightening  the
pressure on my balls.  He tied off the end, and pulled the  loose
end  down towards my feet.  There must have been 2 or 3  feet  of
cord.

"Aaaah"  I screamed out as he yanked the cord.  It felt  like  he
was trying to pull my nuts off.

I heard a pounding and raised my head again to see them hammering
another  stake  into the ground, this one between my  legs.   The
father  then  tied  the  end of the cord  around  the  stake  and
tightened it.

Great, I thought to myself, now what are they going to do to  me.
Never  in  my wildest fantasies, and I've had  some  pretty  wild
fantasies,  including  some  S&M,  did I  ever  imagine  my  self
stripped naked, and staked out in the desert by my wrists, ankles
and balls.  I heard the son return and looked up, he was  holding
a teapot.

"My father wants me to clean up the mess" he offered simply,  and
then tipped the pot.

"Aaaah,  shit, oh, shit..." I screamed and hollered  as  scalding
hot liquid hit my nipples chest and cock and balls.

"Oh my" the arab mused "I told them not to leave this out in  the
sun."

I tried to evade the boiling liquid.

"Aaah"  I screamed as my attempts caused me to pull on the  thong
that  held  my balls, and the resulting pain snapped me  back  to
reality.   I couldn't move at all without risking my nuts. I  lay
back and gritted my teeth against the pain that had now  subsided
to a dull ache.

"Well  now, " the son started to speak "that's much better.   One
cannot  leave  honey  out in the open, for it  does  attract  the
flies,  and they are miserable little beasts, are they  not."  he
finished with a laugh and turned away to walk over to his father.

"Bastard"  I muttered under my breath.  I raised my head  to  see
what this recent torture had done to me.  My chest, thighs,  cock
and balls were a fiery red.  I looked over at the father and  son
who were talking softly to one another.

"I  wonder  what they're cooking up now" I  thought  silently  to
myself.   I laid my head back and closed my eyes.  The  heat  was
almost  unbearable as it beat down on my skin.  My mind began  to
wander  to  a  hundred  different  images.   My  apartment,   the
embassy,  jerking  off  the night before, home,  my  earlier  sex
fantasies.

I  had often had sex fantasies that included S&M, but  they  were
mild  compared  to  what  was happening to me  now.   I  used  to
fantasize  about being kidnaped, tied-up and used by other  guys.
But in those fantasies the most that ever happened was having  my
nipples, cock and balls twisted and pinched. Well, occasionally I
would  fantasize about something more extreme.  Hot wax or  light
whipping,  even  sometimes  electricity;  but  the  whole   thing
revolved  around  forcing me to cum again and  again.   This  was
different,  even  though  I had been jerked off  by  these  camel
jockeys.

"Asleep" I heard a voice ask.

My eyes opened with a start to see the son standing over me.

"Surely  these  entertainments are not boring you," he  asked  in
mock sincerity, "it wouldn't do to have you bored."

He  stooped down beside me as his father came over and  sat  down
next to him.  The fathers eyes were bright with excitement.

The son reached over and took hold of my cock and began to slowly
stroke it.  He pulled up the foreskin and pushed his finger  down
through  the  skin  until it touched the head of  my  cock.   His
finger  began  rubbing the head of my cock,  which  responded  by
growing harder.

I raised my head and looked at him, my eyes filled with hate  and
defiance.  He just smiled at me and pulled the foreskin taut.  He
took  his  finger  out and reached over to scoop  up  some  sand.
Slowly he poured the sand down the opening in my foreskin.

"Aah"  I  groaned as the hot sand hit the tender membrane  of  my
cockhead.  He continued pouring sand until my foreskin was filled
half  way.   Then with one hand, he pinched closed  the  opening,
while  with  the other he continued to stroke me.   He  shook  my
cock, causing sand to slip down between my foreskin and the shaft
and  edges  of my cock head.  Some of the sand fell into  my  pee
hole.

"Hssh" I gasped as the tiny sand grains scraped the tender skin.

Then  he tied a thong around the end of my foreskin,  pulling  it
tight  so  none  of  the sand  could  escape.   His  father  said
something, and he dropped my cock which fell against my  stomach.
His father then picked up my cock and began to rub and twist it.

"Aaah, fuck.." I cried out as the father continued to stroke  and
twist  my cock, causing the sand to roughly scrape my skin.   The
father  smiled and continued to manipulate my cock,  making  sure
that the sand was getting in to every crevice.  He pinched  where
the head of my cock was, forcing open my pee hole, and then shook
my cock to force more sand into it.

Then, satisfied that the sand was distributed as much as it could
be,  he  began  to jack me off in  earnest.   Pulling,  twisting,
pumping.

"Oooogh,  hssssh, shit.." I moaned, turning my head from side  to
side  as pain screamed up from my cock.  Cut guys don't know  how
tender the cock and cockhead underneath a foreskin can be.  Right
now  I was wishing that I had been cut.  I had never  thought  of
masturbation  as  torture before, leave it to  fucking  arabs  to
think of it.

Even though my cock was burning from the grating of the sand,  it
was still responding to the stroking.

"Aaaaah" I screamed as I came, my cum shooting into my  foreskin.
I arched my back and it fell back against the sand.

"Uh, uh, uh" I moaned as my cock's pulsing grew slower.  I let my
head  drop  again to the sand and closed my eyes.  My  cock  felt
raw.

I  felt the thong being untied, and my foreskin being  retracted.
I raised my head to look down as the sand, moistened with my  cum
fell  in lumps onto my stomach.  The father smiled, and stood  up
as his son came to stand beside him.  He held another teapot.

I  clenched  my  teeth and closed my eyes as he  began  to  pour,
steeling  myself against the coming fire.  I felt a  cool  liquid
pour over my cock and balls and stomach, and opened my eyes.

"It  would  never do to repeat an entertainment"  the  son  spoke
matter of factly, "that would be boring."

He  spoke something in arabic to the others, and the two who  had
tied  me to the stakes now began to untie me.  The son  held  his
uzi pointing at me.

"I  don't  think you'll make any foolish mistakes,  but  this  is
simply precaution." he remarked dryly.

As they released the last rope, they pulled me to my feet one  of
them  stepped  behind me and held my arms behind  my  back.   The
other  walked  over to where the camels were tethered  and  began
releasing one of the camels.  Meanwhile the father came out  from
his tent carrying a bundle of palm fronds.

The  one arab returned with the camel and forced it to lay  down.
He then tethered it in place.  He came back to me and the two  of
them pushed me towards the camel.  On reaching the animal, I  was
pushed  on my stomach, across the saddle.  One of the arabs  came
around in front of me and pulled my arms forward.  My wrists were
tied together with rope and the rope attached to a stake that  he
pounded  into  the sand.  At the same time, the  other  arab  had
spread my ankles apart and was tying each to other stakes  driven
into the ground.

"Now  what" I wondered to myself as the completed tying  me  over
the hump of the camel.

Soon  I  felt hands on my back and ass, I twisted to try  to  see
what was happening, but couldn't see anything but the damn camel.

"Ah"  I grunted as I felt a finger probing my asshole.   "Aah"  I
groaned  louder  as two fingers were inserted into  my  anus  and
continued  probing.  I felt other hands begin to brush  the  sand
off my back.  It felt like all of them were touching me.  I heard
more  arabic  spoken. It sounded like the father.   The  touching
stopped.

I waited, but nothing happened.  I heard a slight rustling sound.
I turned and tried to look over my shoulder to see what was going
on but still could see nothing.

"Ow, aah, motherfucker..." I hollered as my back and ass suddenly
stung from something hitting me. "Shit,oooh, fuck.." I  continued
to  groan  as they continued beating me.  Suddenly  my  chin  was
grabbed and pulled upwards so that I faced the son.  He smiled at
me and showed me the palm fronds in his hand.

"Lovely, aren't they?" he asked " if you look very carefully, you
will  see that their edges are jagged.  It is to prevent  insects
from  crawling on the fronds and eating them.  However,  it  also
serves  very nicely as a punishment tool. They sometimes cut  and
always irritate the skin."

"Hsssh," I gasped between clenched teeth.  I wasn't going to give
this camel jockey the enjoyment of another scream, even though my
back  and ass were on fire.  He let my head drop and returned  to
the others.

"Mmmmph,  hssssh, aaah, ow, ahh" I tried to stifle a  scream  but
couldn't  as  they continued their whipping.  As  quickly  as  it
started,  it stopped.  I continued to sweat profusely, both  from
the heat and the torture, the sweat added to the pain in my  back
and ass as the salty liquid filled the cuts left by the fronds.

"Oh,  ah,  what.." I grunted and exclaimed as  I  felt  something
thick  probing  my ass.  Then I felt it go in and knew  what  was
happening.  Somebody was fucking me.

"You  bastards..." I screamed out in anger.  I don't  mind  being
fucked, and have enjoyed it now and again. I've even had rape  as
a fantasy.  But this was different, this really was rape.

"Ooh, ah," I groaned as the thick cock pushed in and out, probing
deeper  with each thrust.  The guy must have been huge,  it  felt
like  my asshole was being torn apart.  I heard a grunt and  then
felt the warm moistness of his cum shoot into me.  He pulled  out
and  I  sighed  deeply.  I didn't have a chance to  relax,  in  a
second another cock was pushing into me.

"Ow, shit.." I hollered, this cock was bigger than the last  one.
I  closed my eyes against the pain, as one by one the four  arabs
mounted me and shot their loads up my ass.

After  the last one had finished, they untied me from  the  camel
and marched me over to the uprights.  The son still held his  uzi
on  me.   Did the fucker think I would make a run for  it?   They
lowered one of the ropes and tied my wrists together.  Out of  my
line  of sight one of the others must have begun to pull  on  the
other  end,  because I found my arms being raised  upward,  being
pulled by the rope.  When my arms were completely extended  above
my  head,  they continued pulling until my feet were  dangling  a
foot off the sand.  Then they tied it off.  They then tied  ropes
to  each of my ankles and pulled my legs apart, tying  the  other
end  of  the  ropes  to the uprights.  I hung  there  for  a  few
minutes,  my cock and balls dangling in the air.  Somehow I  knew
that the next torture would focus on them.

"Well,  GI, " the son spoke to me as the four of them stood in  a
semi circle in front of me.  "now my father wants us to focus  on
the symbol of your blasphemy."

I knew it, I just knew it.

The  son  came over and grabbed hold of my cock  and  balls,  and
began to twist them.

"You have not the mark of the covenant," he lectured, "and so  my
father says these must be punished for that sin."

He  dropped my cock and balls and spoke to the other  two  arabs.
They pulled out two long leather thongs and came over to me.  The
made  a  slip knot on the end of each thong and slipped  it  over
each of my testicles and pulled tight.

"Hsssh,"  I  gasped  as they took the other ends  and  pulled  my
testicles towards each of the uprights.  As soon as my nuts  were
spread  as far apart as they could, the two tied the ends of  the
thongs off  at the posts.

The  son walked up to me and began to message my chest,  stopping
to  tweak  first  one nipple and then the  other.   He  continued
playing  with the hair on my chest, rubbing down my  abdomen  and
fondling my pubic hair.  My cock responded by getting hard again.

"Amazing,  "  he observed, "you Americans are driven by  sex.   I
have but to touch you slightly, and you respond."

I  kept silent.  He began to slowly stroke my cock and in  a  few
moments it was straining, hard, and starting to ooze precum.   He
rubbed  the precum over the head of my cock and up and  down  its
shaft.

"Uhmmm" I moaned with pleasure. I could feel the juices stirring,
and knew I was near orgasm.

"Are you thirsty?" he asked.

I  must  have looked quizzically at him, because  he  just  stood
there  and smiled at me.  He continued stroking my cock with  his
one hand as he pulled out a small cup with his other.

"Aaah"  I groaned as my body shuddered in its restraints  and  my
cock  gave up several loads of my thick white cum.  He  held  the
cup  so that the cum shot into it.  He continued milking my  cock
until  the last drop of cum oozed out the head to fall  into  the
waiting cup.

"Here" he offered, as he reached up to put the cup to my lips.

I closed my mouth.  He spoke something in arabic and the two  who
had bound me came over.  One of them held my nose while the other
pried  my  mouth open.  I couldn't fight them, and  I  opened  my
mouth.   The  son smiled, and poured my own cum down  my  throat.
Most of it went right down, with a small amount dribbling down my
chin.

"There, " the son offered, "that should quench your thirst."

I glared back at him, but said nothing.  It's not that I  haven't
swallowed  cum  before, even my own.  It was just that  I  didn't
like being forced, especially by these bastards.

"Hmm,  "  the  son  uttered  softly,  "I  wonder..."  he  paused,
apparently  thinking about something.  He reached over and  began
to stroke my cock again.

Since I had just cum a third time, it was a little sensitive, but
not  so much that it didn't respond.  Soon I was hard again.   He
continued  to  stroke the shaft, fingering the  head.   With  his
other hand he reached up and fondled my chest.  Despite trying to
ignore what he was doing and trying to will away my hardon, I was
again feeling the pressure build up.  A drop of precum oozed  out
of the head of my cock.  He rubbed it over the head and down  the
underside of the shaft.

"Hsssh"  I moaned in pleasure.  My breathing became deeper  as  I
neared  another climax.  "Uhh, aaah" I gasped as I came a  fourth
time, this time he let the cum drop to the ground below.  My cock
continued spurting and spurting, and he continued to message  and
pull  on it until the last drop of cream oozed out  and  dribbled
over his fingers.

He called out something in arabic and his father came over to me.
He  dropped  my cock, and his father picked it up  and  began  to
stroke it.  I was really sensitive by this time and tried to pull
out  of  his  grasp.  He reached down with  his  other  hand  and
grabbed my tied up balls and pulled them sharply.

"Aah" I grunted.

"Don't move again, "the son suggested, " or my father might  just
pull them off completely."

I  stopped  my  attempts  and gritted my teeth  as  the  old  man
continued  to jerk on my dick.  To say that it was  uncomfortable
would be an understatement.  Again, guys that are cut don't  have
the same sensitivity as uncuts do.  Continued masturbation  after
you've cum, especially four times, is real torture.

"Since you Americans are so ridden with sex," the son was looking
directly into my eyes, while his father continued to jerk me off.
"I  thought that this form of torment might be  appropriate.   In
our culture, we have used this process to make eunuchs."

"You bastard..." I started to scream out, "Aah, fuck.." I  gasped
as his father gave another tug on my trapped nuts.

"It  is better that you remain silent and just listen,"  the  son
continued,  "we may or may not make a eunuch of you, the  process
is one that turns pleasure into torment.  My father will make you
cum,  then  each of the others will take their  turns  with  your
penis, and then I will have another turn."


"Uhh,  aah"  I gasped just as he finished, and  my  cock  spurted
a  fifth  load of cum that covered his father's hand.  This  time
only a fraction of what it had shot before.

The father got up and was replaced by one of the others. When  he
put  his hand on my dick it was like sandpaper on raw  skin.   He
began to jerk on me, my cock was aching, my nuts were aching, and
yet  somewhere inside there was still more juice to shoot,  in  a
few minutes I was hard again.

"Aaaah"  I screamed out in a mixture of pain and pleasure  as  my
aching  cock dribbled out a sixth load of cum.  This time it  was
watery, and only half of the previous amount.  I let my head  sag
to  my chest and closed my eyes.  My cock and balls  were  aching
deeply  now, it was almost as though someone had put them into  a
vise and was slowly closing it, squeezing the shit out them.  The
water  poured off my body as I sweat both from the heat  and  the
sex.

The fourth arab took his place in front of me and grabbed my sore
cock.

"Please..."  I  moaned, as his rough hands began  to  stroke  and
manipulate my shaft.  He rubbed a finger on the head of my cock.

"Ah"  I moaned in pain, it felt like someone had taken a file  to
the  skin and was rubbing it completely off.  He ignored  me  and
continued to rub his finger across the head.  With his other hand
he  began to squeeze my nuts, as though to force more cum to  the
surface.

I  gritted  my  teeth.   My whole middle  was  now  just  a  dull
throbbing ache.  My cock ached on the inside and felt raw on  the
outside.   Tears soon ran down my cheeks.  The whipping had  been
bad, but bearable.  The honey had been painful, but I could  deal
with it.  Even being fucked was not as bad.  But this, this  kind
of  torment  was more than I could stand.  You'd  think  that  it
wouldn't  be,  you'd think that it would be mild  by  comparison.
But believe me, to have your cock, raw, aching, sensitive to even
the slightest touch; manhandled and roughly stroked into hardness
is worse than anything.

"Uh, ah".. I moaned as my orgasm came, mixed with a cover of ache
and pain.  A small amount of watery cum oozed out of the head  of
my cock.

"What,  already done" the son commented as he took his  place  in
front of me.  "I would have imagined that you Americans, being so
sex  ridden, would have an ample supply of the male juices."   He
smiled and began to stroke my softening cock.

He  did it with tenderness, with a slight brushing of  his  hand,
the  slight scraping of the cuff of his robe.  It was worse  than
the  others.   With  the  others the  pain  was  constant,  dull,
throbbing.   But  this, this slight touch, seemed  to  focus  the
pain, maybe because it was not constant. He touched and there was
pain,  then no pain until he touched again, drawing it  more  and
more  out  of  me.  My cock got hard once again,  he  touched  me
slightly,  and it strained.  He rubbed his finger lightly  across
the top of the shaft, my cock felt like it was being burned.

Somewhere  inside  of me, there was still some cum  left,  for  I
began  to feel the pressure once again.  He drew his hand  slowly
up  my shaft, and I felt my nuts contract in response,  ready  to
once again give up their fluid.  He slowed down so that my orgasm
would subside.

"You  son of a bitch.." I moaned between gritted teeth.  He  only
smiled  and brought be to the edge again, only to stop short  and
soothe the pulsing until it also stopped.  Then he would start up
again.   I began to move my head from side to side  to block  out
the  pain and frustration.  He continued tormenting me  this  way
for several minutes.

"Now you may cum," he spoke soothingly, as he continued  stroking
me, my cock strained after his touch.

"Ah, ah, ah, aaaaaah" I screamed as my cock erupted and shot  out
its eighth load, this time watery cum mixed with a little  blood.
This was the last of it, my nuts had to be empty.  They  throbbed
with pain, my cock was beyond throbbing, it was pain.

"That  is enough, I think," the son spoke soothingly. "  you  are
now ready to join the covenant with God."

My  eyes opened with a start to see him withdraw his dagger  from
his robe.

"Noooooh, aaaaaaah" I started to scream as he pulled my  foreskin
tight  with  one  hand and reaching over  with  the  dagger,  cut
through the skin, slicing off the loose flesh.  I fainted.

I  awoke suddenly as cool water was thrown over my head.   I  was
still hanging suspended.  My cock hurt like hell.  The arabs were
standing in a circle around me.

"You are now, one of us." the son said with a smile.

I looked down, my cock was an angry red.  There was no blood,  it
had been washed away.  Some sort of ointment had been spread over
the  cut. My foreskin was gone.  There was still some loose  skin
around  the  head  of my cock, but it was now out  in  the  open,
without its protective covering.

"Why..." I started to ask.

"Why,  " the son responded, "to save you, that's why."  he  began
to  laugh and the other arabs joined in the laughter  and  turned
back towards their tents.  Night was beginning to fall, they went
about  preparing  their  cookfires.   I  hung  there,   silently,
wondering; wondering what tomorrow would bring.

They  weren't through with me, that was clear.  I looked down  at
my  cut  cock.  I began to drift in and out of  consciousness  as
sleep  tried to overtake me.  My arms ached from the  suspension.
My  nuts were still tied apart and were sore.  I began  to  dream
and  then would wake and drift into a dream again.   Dreams  that
mixed  home, the embassy, my friends, and images of new  tortures
that  were being planned for me.
