Archive-name: Casual/inflesh.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: In the Flesh


A true story

      I walked off the jetway and spotted her right away.  Even though
I had a GIF picture of her, I wasn't sure if I'd know her, but there
was no doubt in my mind.  I stepped up to her and asked, "Cindy?"

      "Ed?"  She smiled at me, hesitating.  I know how she felt, I
felt the same way.  Here was this person I had been... well, intimate
with, all via computer, and now we were seeing each other in person
and still felt awkward.  I gave her a hug, and she murmured in my ear,
"It's good to hold you, finally."

      I stepped back for a moment to appraise her better.  She did
look good in person, tall and slim but with a full, shapely figure.  I
thought to myself, "I am a lucky guy."

      We were still a little nervous as we got into her car.  We
chattered about all kinds of things, not getting to the point yet. 
I'm not a kid, but I felt like I was on my first date.  I was looking
straight ahead and blathering about something I can't recall.  Then I
felt her warm hand move over onto my thigh.

      It was an electric moment, almost literally.  I felt myself
getting excited right there on the freeway.  I looked over and our
eyes met.  I knew this was going to work out fine.

      There was no more need to talk.  Her hand was stroking my leg
and making me crazy.  She was smiling over at me, like the cat eying a
canary, and her fingers were doing the walking.  Up my thigh, slowly
and softly.  And like a cat, she suddenly pounced!  I gasped for a
second, trying to maintain my decorum.  She rubbed my bulging crotch
and I swear she let out a little purr.

      With terrible timing, we came up to some traffic and she had to
shift gears.  Not wanting the moment to end, I decided it was my turn. 
My hand moved over to her leg.  It felt great through the thin cloth
of her slacks, slim and muscular.  I had wondered if she was
describing herself accurately to me on the computer.  

      You see, we had met online, on GEnie.  I'm a bit of a flirt, but
not really adventurous by nature.  I don't even remember how we became
friends, but it didn't take long before we became a lot more than
that.  We'd meet almost every night, at first in the chat area and
then moving over to Imagine*Nation, which is like chat combined with
an adventure game.  We would lock ourselves into an online hotel room
and ravish one another.  It was amazing, how realistic it felt.  She'd
rub my back and nibble my ears, and I'd lick her until she cried out
for mercy.  She told me she liked giving oral sex, and that she really
got off on swallowing.  Music to my ears, if she wasn't just getting
into a heavy fantasy trip.

      I was about to find out.

      We got to the hotel and I ran inside to check in.  Neither of us
had eaten dinner, so we decided to go out and grab a bite.  I tried to
talk her into room service, but she just laughed and told me to wait.

      We sat next to each other in a small booth, getting close and
really feeling comfortable with each other.  Still, it's different, in
person, and we still had some exploring to do.  Playfully I put my
hand back on her thigh and she let me explore for a moment before she
giggled and shooed me off.

      "It's not very dark here," she said to me in a throaty voice.

      "I know," I groaned.

      "Poor baby."

      But when the food arrived, somehow her hand found its way under
my napkin.  It was really hard to concentrate on my sandwich.  She was
just using her fingertips, running them up and down my cock.  She
toyed with my zipper for a moment, then blushed and pulled back her
hand.

      "I don't want you to have to walk out of here all hunched over,"
she whispered to me.

      "Got that right."

      Finally we got back to my hotel.  On the way up the elevator we
grabbed each other passionately.  All the way up to my floor near the
top of the hotel, our tongues explored each other.  I ran my hands up
and down her back and caressed her bottom.  A nice bottom, to be
sure.

      Panting just a little, we entered my room.  I moved to grab her
but she just skipped past me over to the window, opening the drapes.

      "Great view!"  She stood there, staring at the city spread
before us, all dark with jewels of light scattered all around.

      I nodded behind her, not looking at the buildings much.

      I walked up to her and put my arms around her waist from behind. 
I nuzzled her neck and her ears.  She sighed and relaxed into me. 
Feeling adventurous, I reached up to her breasts.  Oh lord, she had
nice ones!  Full and firm.  Keeping one hand up there, I moved my
other one down her belly.  I heard a sharp intake of breath.  A good
sign.  I moved my hand down to her groin.  It was warm.  Very warm. 
She was leaning back against me and breathing heavily.  She started
running herself against me.

      "Cindy, let's back away from the window for a minute."

      She didn't answer.  Standing in front of a window more than 20
stories above downtown, she started unbuttoning her blouse.  I helped
her.  In a flash, she was down to a pretty lace bra and matching
panties, still with her back to me and facing the window.  I unclasped
her bra and tossed it off.  Her nipples were firm against my palms.

      I knelt down and pulled off her panties.  I kissed her all over
the back of her ass and her thighs as she stood there, naked in the
window.  I reached around and rubbed her pussy.  She was incredibly
hot and wet.  She ground herself against my hand making low noises.

      Keeping one hand inside her, I peeled off my clothes.  It
wasn't easy but it sure was a good cause.  I stood up behind her and
pressed myself against her.  Somehow I wasn't all the way hard at the
moment.  Probably because of the window.  I'm not an exhibitionist,
personally.

      Cindy turned around, finally, and looked down at me.  She moved
her hands down my belly and I shivered.  She took my semi-hard shaft
in one hand and moved up and down, very softly.  We kissed deeply. 
She stroked me a little faster, then stepped back a moment.

      She smiled.  "You never can tell how big these things are going
to get!"  The she looked a little sober.  "I think you'll be a little
to big for me to take all the way in my mouth."

      I have no way of knowing how big I am.  I never considered
myself huge or anything.  But a guy doesn't have much to compare
himself with, right?  Who was I to argue with flattery.

      She knelt down and kissed the tip of my cock.  I closed my eyes
and leaned forward against the window.  She had one hand on my ass,
the other at the base of my cock.  She squeezed my cock rhythmically
while licking my knob.  Then I felt her lips move around me.  She
stroked me with her hand while nibbling me lightly.  I looked down and
saw that she was having trouble getting it in.  Inwardly I cursed. 
Then I felt her tongue on me and she started stroking me in earnest.

      "This will work," I thought.  I closed my eyes again.  Faster
and faster, with her lips at the tip and tongue working fast, she
stroked me, up and down.  I felt my knees growing weak.  This was
fantastic!  With her other hand she encouraged me to move my hips a
little.  She was stroking me, licking me...]

      "Oh god Cindy..." I said, groaning.  In a moment I was cumming. 
True to her word, she didn't back off for a second.  She kept her lips
on me, taking all my cum in her mouth, stroking me with her soft
hand, milking it all out of me.  I felt like I had never cum so hard
in my life.

      Finally, I pulled her off me.  She stood and game me a warm hug. 
We kissed, and I guess I tasted myself on her lips.  I could feel her
squirming so I started working my way down her fine body.  I sucked on
her neck, then down to her full breasts.

      "Bite them," she whispered.  I started gently nipping at her
nipples, but she said, "Harder!  I want you to bite them a lot
harder."

      I bit harder.  I never met anyone who wanted me to do that
before, but she didn't want me to be gentle at all.  I tried not to do
any permanent damage, but the harder I bit the hotter she got.  She
was gasping hard.

      I moved down, licking her belly, then knelt and put my lips to
her pussy.  She tasted nice, a mild and spicy flavor.  No time to stop
and sightsee though, she needed me and fast!  I put my lips to her
swollen clit and started working my tongue around her.

      "I don't think I can do this standing up," I heard her say.  She
lay down on the carpet and I got back to work on her.  I licked her
fast and hard, working my head around in little circles, occasionally
reaching up to pinch her nipples.  She had hold of my head and was
pressing me into her.  I licked as fast as I could.  Glancing up, I
saw her stomach tense and her back arch.  Very quicky, she came.  Her
legs began to twitch and she came again.  I kept licking her but
slowed down as she relaxed.  Finally I came up for air.

      She opened her eyes and said, "I don't usually cum that fast."

      I smiled.  "You were kinda ready, you know."

      She smiled back and we cuddled for a minute.  She started
stroking me again.

      "I don't think I'm ready yet," I told her.

      She started whispering in my ear.  "I want you to fuck me right
in the window.  I want to feel your great big cock filling me up." 
She licked my ear.  She was definitely getting my attention.  "I don't
care if anyone can see us, I want you and I want you now!"

      She was getting me, too.  Smiling, she got on her hands and
knees in the window and pulled me behind her, doggie style.  She
lifted up her ass and pulled me to her.  She was still wet, and I
entered her in a moment.  She started making noises again, so I
decided not to worry about grace and just pumped for all I was worth. 
In and out, I watched myself jam it to her soft pussy and I listened
to her moan.  She thrashed her head around and bounced her ass into
me.

      I groaned as she leaned forward and my cock fell out of her, but
she just rolled on her back and pulled me in again.  She wrapped those
long legs around me and we both started pumping again.  She bit my
neck.  I kissed her eyes.  All the while my cock was moving in and out
like a piston in an engine.  She was making those animal noises and
all at once she came.  I kept on moving as all her muscles went tense
and her eyes rolled back.

      She smiled up at me and rolled me over, getting on top.  Sitting
straight up on my cock, she started bobbing up and down.  I looked up
at her and enjoyed the show.  Her tits were dancing there in the dim
city lights.  She looked truly fine, with her slim waist and great
round hips.  She especially looked good on my cock.  Her eyes were
closed and she was lost in the rhythm.  Then she leaned down to me and
started rubbing our bellies together.  I arched my back and lifted my
knees so I could pump into her.  She started gasping and I felt myself
getting close, too.

      "Oh Ed!"  She got off, and she got me off too.  I must have
filled her with a quart of hot cum while I felt her moaning and
writhing on me.

      By dawn, we both were exhausted and fell into a deep slumber. 
When we woke up there was no more time for fun, I had to get to the
meeting I was really in town for.  Afterward, she picked me up and
drove me to the airport.  

      I don't know when I'll get to see her again in person, but
somehow I know that when we meet online, it will be even better than
before.  And sooner or later I'll have business back in her town. 
Despite our busy night, there are plenty of things we still want to
try on each other.

--
