
Adult Letters Magazine - Angleo, New York, NY

My wife, Ingrid, is a twenty-one year-old Swedish 
blonde.  She wears her hair in a thick braid that 
extends all the way down to the crack of her ass.  Her 
body is a wet dream; so is her stunning Nordic face.  
Before I married her I was a man, but now I am something 
else.  I'd like to explain.

About a month after our wedding I came home early one 
day from work.  At first I though I was alone, but then 
I heard the unmistakable sounds of a woman moaning 
coming from the bedroom.  It was Ingrid.  I felt sick.  
I approached the bedroom, opened the door, and looked 
inside, where I saw my wife and her girlfriend, a pretty 
German girl named Greta, on our large bed.  Each of them 
was being well fucked by a muscular, handsome black 
stud.  The two studs looked to be no older than 
seventeen.  As I watched the action, I was horrified to 
discover that the sight of those two long, thick, black 
tools pulsing into those two blond cunts was causing my 
own smaller organ to stiffen with excitement.  Angry at 
myself, I began to stroke my cock.  I'd never been so 
hot before. Shortly thereafter I came into my hand.  I 
quietly left the apartment.

A few hours later, I came home at my usual time.  Ingrid 
was perfumed and dressed.  She was reading a novel.  
When I came in, she smiled and told me she knew I had 
been watching her that day being fucked by her black 
lover.  Shocked, I asked her how she knew.  She said 
Greta had not been the only other woman in the apartment 
at the time.  A French girl named Yvetta, whom I had not 
noticed when I came into the apartment, had been in the 
kitchen at the time, and had seen me jerking off.  I was 
numb.  Still laughing, Ingrid opened her bathrobe and 
pulled down her panties. She spread her legs, then 
crooked a finger and gestured me toward her.  She patted 
the space between her legs.  "Come," she said. "My 
lovers left only a few minutes ago.  There is a nice 
fresh load of sperm inside of me, darling.  You do 
want to clean me out with your tongue, don't you?"  
Burning with shame and sexual excitement, I crawled 
over and began to lick my wife's sopping blond cunt.

Since that day I've never once been permitted to come 
inside of my wife.  Ingrid has explained to me that I'm 
good for only one thing as far as she is concerned, 
and that's to cleanup work after her black lovers 
leave.  She sometimes has me lick out her cunt while 
her girlfriends and her lover all watch me do it.  I 
realize how very degraded I've become, but I've become 
addicted.

