                          INITIATION

                            PART 5

                              BY

                      SHEILA REICHER


I was talking to Bernie on the Monday following the final initiation
of Lois and the first part of the twins initiation.

"Ok, man of mine, when to we get them working for us on those porno
films?"

"Anytime," Bernie responded, " we have them on tape during the initiation
and then separate pictures of them removing their costumes at the party
before they leave.  You can clearly see who they are. It shouldn't be
too hard to convince Lois that tapes showing her being fucked by her two
sons and by a dog won't do to much for her reputation."

"From the way that hot cunt took to all those big cocks," Sheila said, 
"I think we can get her in another video before we explain the facts of 
life."

"What do you suggest?", Bernie asked.

"I'm going to take her out to Pamela's Kennel in the country and see how
she reacts to the dogs in a daylight setting." Sheila replied, "I will just
bet you that the moment she sees those dogs her cunt will start to tremble.
Pamela is set for us to be there tomorrow for lunch with some Bloody Marys,
or Gin and Tonics before eating. Half a dozen dogs wandering around with
the tips of their cocks sticking out should set her off, particularly after
a couple of drinks."

Sheila and Lois drove up to Caloosa, just off the Beeline Highway in
Palm Beach County the following day. Pamela's ranchette was set back from
the road on ten acres of property, well shielded from the road and her
neighbors. None of the dogs were inevidence as they were led through the
house and to a large screened in patio out back.  The patio was bright 
and airy and lounging furniture was comfortably located in groupings all
around.  Pamela had a bar set up on the patio and served drinks soon after
they arrived.  The women were dressed casually in either skirts or shorts
and with halter tops on. Pamela's live in maid, Darcy, moved around the
patio serving the drinks.  She was wearing tight shorts and a bright
bra type top which contrasted beautifully with her dusky black skin. As
she moved around she exuded sensuality, her hips swaying provocatively.

The women talked and proceeded from their first to second, and then a third
drink.  Lois was feeling a little light headed by then, and the sight of
Darcy whose swelling breasts bulged over the top of her bra had brought a
slight sheen of sweat to Lois brow and upper lip. She was mesmerized by
the black girls sexuality.  She could feel warm feelings beginning in her
lower belly. She was completely unaware of the four Video cameras mounted
around the room recording everything from every angle.

At an unobtrusive signal from Pamela, Darcy left the patio and then shortly
several big dogs pranced into the room. They gamboled around the patio for
a few minutes.  Meanwhile Darcy returned and seated herself next to Lois on
one of the lounges.  Slightly fuzzy headed, Lois noticed that Darcy was now
braless.  Her breasts with large pinkish aureolas and half hardened nipples
captured her attention.  She forced her eyes away from the appealing sight 
and glanced at the dogs, noticing for the first time that they were all
males, and, all had tremendous cocks hangin from their bellies. Two seemed
slightly familiar, but she put that down to her imagination.  However,
between Darcy's naked tits and the dogs huge cocks with red tips slightly
protruding she felt her cunt getting hot and wet.

She felt Darcy lean toward her and then whisper in her ear.

"Why don't you take off your top and get comfortable," she heard whispered.

Then she felt hands at her waist lifting the hem of her tanktop up.  She didn't 
resist and placed the glass on a side table and lifted her arms accommodatingly
so the top could be removed.  Glancing around, she noticed Sheila and Pamela 
were also now naked from the waist up.

"There, doesn't that feel better." Darcy murmured.

"Yes it does," she heard herself say.

Picking up her glass and sipping, she felt Darcy move towards her.  Then a
warm hand brushed across her breast and nipples which instantly hardened.
She looked down and saw the contrasting black hand cupping her tit while
a tongue moved to her ear and licked it. She felt her stomach drop with
the sudden sensation that the black girl wanted to make love to her.

Putting her glass aside, her arms moved around Darcy and their lips met.
A tongue slipped between her lips and her mouth opened wide, They embraced
tightly and their tongues danced around each other.  She felt Darcy's fingers
playing with her nipples, twisting and pinching them gently.  Then Darcy's
head moved down to her tit and that mouth and tongue engulfed her tit and the
tongue danced around her nipple.  The mouth sucking her tit deep. She felt
a hand move under her skirt and lift it and then intrude between her skin and
the waistband of her panties.  She felt them being pushed down, and lifted
her hips to assist.  She felt other hands take the waistband on both sides
and pull them down over her hips and then down and off her legs. Her eyes
opened wide to see the other two women now there with Darcy, and another mouth
moved to her other tit and started sucking and nibbling at her nipple. Darcy
moved away and the was replaced. Watching, she saw Darcy crouch in front of 
and reach for the zipper on her skirt.  She heard it opened and again lifted
her hips to facilitate it's removal.  Then she felt Darcy's warm breath on her
inner thighs and her legs spread involuntarily, knowing that her lips and
tongue were seeking her cunt which was now wet and wanting.

Darcy's mouth moved and her hands prssed against the inside of Lois's thighs,
spreading them wider. A tongue caressed her cunt lips circling around and
then moving to her clit.  The first touch was like a shot of electricity
and her body jerked like it was shocked.  She moaned.

Ohhhhhh yessssss, ooooooohhhhyyyyyesssssss.

Her hips began to move wanting more and more of that hot tongue which by
now was not only flicking at her clit but gently sliding into her cunt. She
could feel her body getting hot and the blush of desire spreading to her
neck and face.  She was panting with lust now, her hips moving to their
own rhythm.

Darcy's mouth moved from her cunt and she groaned, "Don't stop, please 
don't stop."

Through lust filled eyes she watched Darcy move to the bar. Meanwhile,
Sheila and Pamela mouth continued sucking at her tits and nipples, their
hands moving over her body.  She saw Darcy returning with something in
her hand. Darcy held it up and she saw it was a long basting tube
filled with a golden liquid. It had a large rubber bulb on one end and
tapered at the other.

Darcy moved back between her legs and said, "This is filled with Honey,
to make your little HoneyPot sweeter and more desirable."

She felt fingers spread her cuntlips and then watched as the tube was
inserted deep into her cunt.  Then she felt the pressure as the bulb 
was squeezed and her cunt was filled with honey.  Darcy slowly 
withdrew the tube and as it emerged, she moved the tip and while
continuing to squeeze the bulb coated her cunt lips and clit with honey.
Then she moved back and to the side.  Without pause, a big black 
Doberman moved between her legs before she could close them. She saw the
big head and long slender snout on the dog and then felt it's tongue
begin to lick the honey from her cunt lips.

Lois groaned.  it felt so good, particularly when the rough tongue
lashed across her inflamed clit.  Each time it did she cried out.  She
was unaware that the two women were no longer sucking her tits or
nipping her nipples.  She just watched the dog licking her cunt thru
lust crazed eyes.  She looked down the length of her body and saw her
hands reaching down and spreading her cunt wider.  Now she felt the
dogs long tongue lick into her cunt trying to get more honey. Her
hips were jerking against the dogs face as he licked.  She could feel
pressure against her cunt lips as the dogs nose pressed forward trying 
to get it's tongue deeper inside and she could feel the tongue inside her
as it moved back and forth seeking the sweetness.  Then she felt her cunt 
lips spreading as the dog pressed closer, it's nose pressing into her
hot cunt.  Then the dog pulled its nose out to breath and then lunged
forward it's nose sliding sevel inches into her cunt and spreading it
wider still.  She was moaning and groaning now wanting to be fucked by
the dogs thick nose, as it moved in, then out to breath, and then in
deeper.  His nose was in their three or four inches and his tongue
was driving her mad.  The nose was as thick as the thickest man's
cock that she had ever fucked.  The bristly hair on the nose brushed
against her clit driving her mad with passion.  Then satisfied that
there was no more honey, the dog withdrew.  Lois cried out,
no....no....no...fuck me more...fuck me more.

Then she heard Sheila whispering in her ear.  

"Now honey, turn over on your knees and rest your shoulders on the
lounger. You want to be fucked, well now you will be...fucked until
your ready to say enough already. Now how about a nice big dog's cock
fucking you?   Ok,   Yesss that's what you want isn't it.  You want
Bruno to fuck you again just like last Saturday at the mens initiation.
Don't you.  don't you want to be fucked by a big big dogs cock again?"

"Yes anything, fuck me with a dogs cock fuck me with a big dogs cock,
just fuck meeeeeee."

Without resisting the helping hands, she slid off the lounger, her
knees on the rug and rested her head on her forearms on the lounger.
Now she felt another tongue at her cunt, and then quickly she heard 
rustling sound and felt a great weight on her hips.  She was grasped
firmly around the waist and then hands were behind her and she felt
a hot cock sliding into her cunt.

She heard Pamela whispering to her, "You like dog cock don't you
honey."

She heard herself responding, Ohhhhhyessssss any cock, any long,
thick cock." She heard the trembling and gasping of her own voice
as the dog hammered his cock into her hot cunt.  Now she was 
pushing back against the dogs furious lunges.  The cock was moving 
deeper and deeper into her hot box.  She could feel her climax 
quickly building and then she was crying out Ohhhhhh Immmmmmmm
Cuuuummmmmmiiiiiinnnnnnggggg, Immmmmmmmm Cuuuummmmmiiiinnnnggg and
then her stomach started to spasm as her cunt muscles grabbed 
at the thick cock inside her.  She was still cummminnnggg and the dog 
was still fucking her, his lunges coming quicker and deeper and then
the dog's cock knot was spreading her wider and wider and then the
thick cock knot was inside her cunt and she was cummmiiiinnnnnggggggg 
again, and again, and her whole body was trembling and spasming with the 
force of herorgasm.  Then she felt the dog leaving her and she was still in
the throes of her cummmiiinnnggg and then she felt a new weight
leap upon her back and a new cock was sliding into her cunt.  This
one felt thicker than the last one, but she still wanted it.

She reached between her legs and felt the heat of the cock that was 
fucking into her.  The hair was coarse and bristly and as it drove
into her, part of the sheath slid inside as well and she felt the
friction and it was better than just the thick smooth dogs cock
that had just fucked her. And now she heard herself.

Ohhhh yesss that's right fuck my cunt....fuck me...fuck me deeeppeeer,
keep fucking me immmmm   cummmmmiiiiiinnnnngggggggggggggggg,
fuck....fuck....oh yessssss....fucccckkkkkkkkmmmmmeeeeeeeee.

And her body was wracked with her need.  She was jerking and shoving
her ass back at the dogs cock and wanting it deeper and she could
tell it was longer than the last one, and thicker and her cunt was
gripping it tight and then again the dogs cock knot was pressing
against her cunt lips and forcing itself inside..  spreading her 
wide again, and then she felt the knot moving back and forth inside
her body and the cock hitting deep inside her womb where the narrow
tip had forced its way all the way up inside her.   Then the knot
was moving to the tip and she could feel the mouth of her womb
spreading and she felt like she was giving birth again as it spread
her uterous wide open and then slipped inside and movede back and
forth.  She moved one hand down to her belly and pressing against
her lower stomach she could feel the huge knot moving in and out, and
then she felt scalded as the dog shot its load of hot cumm deep into 
her womb...  What if it makes a baby she said to her self.  No cock
has ever been that deep before.  Ive never felt a cock inside my belly
with my hand on the outside.   Then the dog was pulling that knot out
of her cunt and she felt like she was giving birth.   But still she
wanted more.   The dog slid off her back and now she felt hands on her 
ass, and a greasy finger was sliding into her asshole.  Then sh felt
it joined by another and they were twisting back and forth and then 
there was a third one forcing its way inside her.  Another hand was
playing with her cunt and sliding several fingers into the wet hole
between her legs.

She felt satiated, but the fingers in her ass were intoxicating and 
then they pulled out and again a weight landed on her back and she
heard Sheila whispering, lower your hips a bit.  And she did. Then
she felt something pushing against her asshole again and it was thin 
like a finger and then as it slammed in and out, she could feel it
getting thicker and thicker each time it pushed in.  GFingers were
playing with her clit as sahe was fucked in the ass.  And she felt
herself building to a new climax, a different climax and she was
screaming yesssssss fucccckkkk   myyyyyyy aaaaassssssss fuckkkkk
myyyyyyassss.  Then as her asshole spread wider she felt a huge
object pushing hard and spreading her wider still and then she
realized the dogs cock know was trying to get into her ass and
she yelled no i can't take that thing up ,my ass, i caaannnnntttt.
then as she thought she was about to pass out with the pain, she
felt it force its way passed her asshole and sphincter and thee
it was inside her rectum moving back and forth, back and forth,
and the fingers on her clit were driving her crazy and the dogs 
cock in her ass was making her cum again and then she came
and the waves spread all over her and then when she felt the
hot dog cum flooding her ass, she passed out.






