      Innocent Love

                           (c) G.I.Barrie


Slowly I wake up.

Sounds of the day filter through the windows to my sleepy head, a
warm breeze drifts through the open window bringing the salty
tang of the sea to my awakening nostrils.  I move slightly under
the covers, enjoying the feel of the silky material against my
warm skin, caressing my body as you had the night before.

Opening my eyes I move my head so my gaze falls on your sleeping
form, lying next to me.  In sleep, your eyelids flicker, animat-
ing your beautiful face, a slow smile comes to your lips, oh I
hope that you dream of me, beloved!  I watch you awhile, my eyes
following the masculine contours of your face.  A tendril of hair
falls down, framing your closed lids and dark, bushy eyebrows.
Your full lips part slightly, a low murmur escapes as you shift
position, an arm reaches over to me in dreams.

I move closer to you as your arm enfolds me in your quiet
strength.  I feel the warmth and power of your manly body next to
me and I smile.  We are one in Love.  I reach out a hand, letting
it glide along the line of your jaw, feeling the black stubble
that grows there.  Moving my fingers upward I touch your lips,
remembering the pleasure they give, I smile one more.  I brush
the hair from your face, pausing to run my fingers behind your
ear, then down your neck as I reach behind with my arm and pull
you closer to me.

You murmur dreamily, wrapping your strong arms around me.  I kiss
you softly, on your warm lips, gently raising you from your deep
slumber.  I whisper in your ear that I love you and you stretch
out beside me.  Your long body arches as the ghosts of dreams
fall from your mind and you wake.  You yawn, white teeth flash
and eyes clench shut.  Finally you relax, your face turns towards
mind, your lids open and your beautiful green eyes smile at mine.
"Good morning beloved."

You sit up, pulling me with you.  Pulling back the silken covers,
you rise out of bed, your muscular frame towers over me.  You
extend your arm towards me, beckoning me to follow as you turn
towards the bathroom.

Together we step under the hot tingling spray, water courses past
your neck, over your broad chest to run down your torso.  You
pull me to you and kiss me once more, passion flaring as the
water revives us.  Gently I pull back, I have something else in
mind.  Smiling, I reach for the soap.  I run my fingers over your
body, feeling the firm flesh that lies beneath my tender touch.
You quiver and laugh as I caress you, the crystal notes of your
joy are music to me.  Enjoying the moment, I lather your powerful
body, feeling glad.  Knowing the pleasure it gives you, my ef-
forts are repaid, soon you are clean.  Now your turn.  As you
wash my body, you run your hands behind me, stroking my back, you
move your hands upwards gently running your fingernails over the
nape of my neck making me groan in pleasure.  The passion in your
touch, and the hot tumbling water is driving me insane with
pleasure.  I close my eyes feeling nothing but your touch, driv-
ing me wild.

Icy water hits my flesh, I screech.

Laughing, your hand returns from the tap, and you encircle me in
your strong limbs, hugging me as I am drenched in an icy shower.

I swear indignantly, jokingly, as you turn off the shower and
lift me out onto the floor.  With pretense anger I scold you.
Your face is momentarily somber, then you laugh, kissing me
gently on the cheek - you are forgiven.  Tenderly, a towel is
wrapped around me, with a hug you lead me back to the bedroom to
dress and prepare for another day.


    "That's All Folks...!"

