Archive-name: Changes/intrview.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Intake Interview


Attending - Dr. Carasso
Patient - Meeks, Missy
Patient No. - 1018199
Transcribed - 2/5/93
Admitted - 2/4/93.  3:45AM.

STARTS/4:45AM EST.
    (INTERVIEW RM. A12)

     "Hello, my name is Dr. Carasso and I understand that
you've just been brought up from admitting.  I'd..."

     "Listen Doctor, I'm not crazy.  SHE's the crazy one. 
I never wanted to become a woman.  I'm a normal guy, no
matter how things look."

     "Interesting, uh..uh, Miss Meeks.  Would you prefer
I call you that, or perhaps Missy?"

     "Doctor, my name is Markian, not Missy Meeks.  That
was just part of the scam.  If you'll just give me a
chance to explai...Hey!  What's the needle for?"


     (Pause).

     "You seem a little excited Missy.  This shot will
help you stay calm, maybe later even a little giddy.  But
it's for your own good."

     "Say, Doc, I'm a bit queasy about shots and...Not so
fast..OWWWHH!  That hurt!"

     "You'll feel better very quickly, young lady.  Tell
me when you begin to feel the calming effect, Dear."

     "Dammit, Doc, please listen to me.  I'm not a girl."

     "We'll get into that in a moment, Missy.  Now, can
you tell me why you are dressed the way you are?  The
Admitting Record says that you were brought here wearing
a black latex leotard that exposed your breasts,
buttocks, and vagina.  Is that the way you like to
dress?"

     "Doctor, Please!  You've got to LISTEN to..."

     (Patient crying.)

     "Hmm, that seems right from what I can see.  The
strips that pass through between your legs, Missy, they
actually seem designed to pull the vaginal lips apart and
make them appear bigger.  Why do you think that is?"

     "SHE made me wear this.  This is my training
uniform."

     "Trained?  Amazing!"

(Doctor making notes.)

     "I'm sure you'll tell me all about it.  Let's go on,
shall we, Missy?"

     "Admissions noted black fishnet hose, seamed, and
something called ballet boots.  And it says here that
they have seven inch heels.  I saw them when I came into
the room."

     "I don't know if I've ever seen anything like your
shoes.  Do you feel more attractive wearing them?  Do you
find that they make it difficult for you to walk?"

     "You have to practice, Doc, a lot!  SHE made me
practice all the time.  Upstairs and downstairs.  I had
to walk in these things all day."

     "See, Doc, there's a trick to it.  If you hold your
head really high and take the tiniest steps you can, then
you can stay on your feet."

     "I see....I think, tell me about your collar and
gloves, Missy."

     "I wish you'd stop calling me that!  My name is
Mark and I'm a MAN!"

     "Of course you are!  Just let the sedative do it's
work.  You're much too excited."

     "Well, I do feel calmer, Doctor."

     "Good, let me know how your feelings change while we
have this little chat."

     "Okay, Doc, I mean...I'm just...I don't know,..well,
grateful, you know, that you're willing to listen.  I
just have to make somebody realize that I'm not a girl. 
No matter how things look."

     "So tell me about your collar and gloves."

     "Okay, Doctor Carasso.  These are called dinner
plate mittens.  My hands are spread flat across the big
plate shape and my collar is black latex over leather. 
The spikes are three inches and chromed to match my
leash.  SHE put them on me because she said I was a
little bitch."

     "Who is this `she' you keep mentioning?"

     "Her name is Sheila DeVille.  She calls herself She
Devil."

     "Oh yes, it says here on the Admitting Record that
she is your aunt, that her sister, Melody, was your
mother, and that since your mother died two years ago -
when you were fourteen - she has been your guardian."

     "Doc, she's not my aunt.  I'm not a sixteen year old
girl.  I look like one, but that's what the whole scam
was about.  Please...Please, Doctor Carasso, will you let
me tell you now all the horrible things she did to me?"

     "Certainly.  Tell me, Missy, in any way that you
find comfortable, everything about yourself."

     (Patient pauses.  Some crying, patient perhaps
hyperventilating.)

     "My real name is Markian Gooley.  I'm a twenty-two
year old man!  And see, Doc,....I'm a con artist.  This
was all a con to get some inheritance money."

     "SHE said it would be easy.  But then she shafted
me.  Sheila's grandfather left a pile of cash and
property to his last generation, just so long as one
daughter in that generation had married and had a child. 
But Melody was a lesbian."

     "Oh, she married a gay guy for cover but she hated
men.  Sheila is just as bad.  She gets her kicks turning
boys into girls.  That's what she did to me."

     "Melody overdosed two years ago and right after that
Granddaddy kicked off.  I knew Sheila from helping her
fence property that she had ripped off from the wimps she
was sissy training."

     "She asked me if I wanted in on the action.  She
would get me ready to pass as `Missy Meeks', the daughter
of Melody and Bruce Meeks.  The after we got the
inheritance money, she would lay a cool Five Mil on me."

     "I wasn't too thrilled about the feminizing part. 
I was always small and everybody picked on me but... but
for Five Million dollars I'd swallow my pride."

     "It took maybe two months to get me ready.  A
surgeon gave me these breasts and he did some surgery on
my cock and balls to give me a temporary pussy.  Looks
pretty authentic, doesn't it?"

     "Yes, Missy, it looks very genuine to me.  Did they
really tell you that the surgery was temporary?"

     "I'd never have agreed if it wasn't reversible,
Doctor...after all, I'm really a man."

     "Where was I?  Oh... uh, right, surgery.  Well, I
was kind of mad at first because they made my tits and
ass so big.  I'm a 40D with 40 inch hips and an 18 inch
waist.  But that's the kind of figure Melody had so I had
to put up with it."

     "We went to Court and Sheila came up with fraudulent
birth records and a certificate.  I testified that I was
Missy Meeks and we were awarded the money.  I thought it
was all over.  Give me my millions, a quick trip to the
surgeon to undo the female stuff, and head for Cancun.

     "I had to sign lots of papers, I don't know what
all.  The lawyers had them all ready and I just signed
them all."

     "I was getting changed out of my court clothes when
Sheila came into my room with two muscular looking women. 
I tried to resist but there were too many of them and
they were too strong."

     "They dressed me just like this and bleached my hair
platinum blonde and put it up in this big bouffant.  I
had to learn to do my make up this way, heavy black eye
make up and frosted white lips."

     "First, they taught me to walk.  I thought my ankles
would break.  I got used to the way I looked and being so
bare all the time.  But it was really hard."

     "They tried to make me suck cock and fuck the
household help.  But I refused.  After all, I know how I
am.  It's girls I like."

     "That's when the isolation tank started.  They would
float me in there for hours.  A tape was played but I
could never remember what it said.  But I knew they were
screwing with my mind."

     "I found it harder to resist.  She Devil, that's
what SHE made me call her now, insisted I smile all the
time.  I began to find it hard to refuse.  She liked to
stop me in the hall and spank me.  I found myself laying
down on her lap to be spanked without any fuss."

     "She Devil started to tease me a lot.  She told me
that she was giving me the right attitude about men for
a sixteen year old girl.  And that once I started fucking
and sucking, I wouldn't be able to stop."

     "One day, she told me to kneel down in front of some
guy.  I never knew who he was.  She told me to take his
cock out of his pants.  I started to cry, but I did it. 
I cried the whole time I sucked his cock and cried some
more after,...after,...."

     (Patient crying as she speaks.)

     "..he came in my mouth,..my, uh, uh, he came right
in my mouth!  I got him hard again and put his,..."

     (Patient pauses, cries without speaking.)

     "...cock to my pussy.  I couldn't stop sobbing as he
fucked me."

     "She Devil had won.  I had fucked and sucked.  Now,
I wouldn't be able to stop."

     (Patient takes long sigh, cries.)

     "She sent me lots of men now.  I fucked and sucked
all day.  And she made me do it, not in my bedroom, but
in public places like the kitchen or on the front porch."

     "One night, there was a party and she had me led in
on my leash.  The lawyers, even the judge who had heard
my case, were there.  Everybody had been in on it.  I was
the only patsy in the entire scam."

     (Patient cries for about 5 minutes 45 seconds
without speaking.)

     "I tried to run away, but they caught me and tied me
to a metal frame.  That's how I got these piercings."

     "I've been waiting for a chance to talk about them,
Missy.  Is this a good time?"

     "I'm feeling a lot better, Doctor.  I know I'm
crying a lot but I want to talk about it.  They pierced
my nipples and welded these four inch chrome rings shut. 
Then they put four small rings in each pussy lip and one
in my fake clitoris.  My cunt was laced shut with a chain
like you see it now.  I can pee but I can't fuck unless
somebody unlaces me."

     "Then She Devil had me suck the cocks of all her
guests.  They used me all night!  In the morning, she
told me that I was a totally natural girl now - a
bodacious cock-hungry fuck."

     "I had to get out of there.  I know you understand,
Doctor.  You've been so kind to me.  I feel safe with
you."

     "She was destroying me.  I tried to sneak out and I
MADE IT!  It was slow going, but I got off the estate and
near a highway.  That's where I was picked up and brought
here in a black windowless van.

     "So you see, Doctor, I'm a man, a REAL MAN, and I
need your help to get out of this."

     "What a fascinating story!  Tell me, Missy, how do
you feel?"

     "I don't know...sort of silly, fuzzy headed."

     "That's the sedative.  Let's test it a bit.  Please
stand up."

     (Pause as patient and Dr. Carasso stand.)

     "Now I'm going to attach nipple cuffs on you.  They
go behind your rings and will make your nipples thick,
long, and fat."

     "DOCTOR, PLEASE!!  Do you have to do that?"

     "Certainly, Missy.  We want to see if the sedative
is working, don't we?"

     "Yes, Doctor.  I guess...if you say so."

     "Excellent, see how the cuff is crushing..."

     "Uunnnghh...unnngghhh!!."

     "your left nipple.  It's..."

     (Patient screams.)

     "...already purple.  When I take them off, you'll be
amazed at how much bigger your nipples are."

     "Now the right nipple."

     "OHGOD...OHGOD...Doctor, unngh..Doctor...Please take
them,...aawrgh.., please..off...OFF, TAKE THEM OFF,
PLEASE, DOCTOR,...IT HURTS TOO.."

     "Perfect!  A matched set.  Soon, your nipples will
be enormous."

     (Patient is panting in pain.)

     "Now, tell me, Missy, how do you feel?"

     "I feel ashamed and freakish.  My nipples look
gross."

     "Excellent.  Now, let's fit your tit corset.  One
band around the base of the right breast, one band around
the left....We lace them..."

     "Doctor, do you have to do this?  It hurts so much."

     (Patient grunts from the tight lacing.)

     "Arch your back a little, I want these nice and
snug."

     "Yes,...uh..uh..uh..uh,.."

     (Doctor tugging - patient grunting - at lacing.)

     "Doctor."

     "...and voila, look at your titties now!"

     "They're so BIG and ROUND!  I look silly.  Like a
dirty cartoon!"

     "Indeed, you do, Missy, indeed, you do.  Now for
your first injections.  This one will increase your
breast size dramatically.  It shoots a foam into the
breast that serves as a bed for flesh growth.  And this
one will start milk flowing.  And this one will keep you
laughing and smiling all the time."

     "Now, bend over, Missy, so I can stick them in your
big ass."

     (Pause as patient moves.)

     "Yes, Doctor...Owwh, that hurt...
OWWH....OWWWWHHH!..Doctor, please, why are you being so
mean?"

     "Let's see what we have.  This breast enlarging
process is very dramatic.  Over in less than a minute,
usually.  Here we go.  My, what lovely expansion.  When
you do it this way, with a breast corset, it ensures such
big, round, fat boobs."

     (Pause for about 2 minutes 10 seconds.)

     "Let's measure, shall we?  You were a 40D and you
are now a 50DD, no..a 50EE.  The milk will come later."

     "How do you feel about your massive boobies, Missy? 
Don't you just love them?"

     (Patient's voice is very faint, perhaps in shock.)

     "They're so big.  I can barely keep my balance!  Can
I feel them?"

     "Of course, you can, Missy.  Feel them, fondle them. 
In a little while, when you're posing for pictures, I'm
sure they'll want you to pay lots of attention to your
titties."

     "Pictures!  What pictures?"

     "Missy, I'm going to put this ring in your nose. 
Now lean over here and let me pierce you."

     "Yes, Doctor."

     "Steady..steady..a bit more and.."

     (Patient screams.)

     "...we fit the ring.  How does that feel?"

     "The ring is too big!  It's holding my nostrils
open.  And it's too heavy.  I feel like a cow."

     "Just how you should feel, Missy.  Like a sex-slut,
cow-titted, sixteen year old bitch.  It's very important
to know who you are, Missy, to know your special reality. 
Never forget that and you can be happy."

     "I won't forget, Doctor.  The sedative is making me
feel funny.  I can't remember who I am.  Can I go now?"

     "You are Missy Meeks, dear, and you have been very
wicked."

     "I'm sorry, Doctor.  I promise to try to be good."

     "Missy, this is a wonderful time to think about who
you are.  Who are you?"

     "Missy Meeks, Doctor."

     "And how old are you, Missy?"

     "Sixteen, Doctor."

     "And why are you dressed this way, Missy?"

     "Uh,..uh, I don't know."

     "Because you like the way you look dressed this way. 
You like the way you are hampered and displayed."

     "I like the way I, uh..look, look,
uh..like...hampered..displayed."

     "And the most important thing about a girl are her
breasts, Missy.  Boys look at a girl's breasts, and the
bigger they are, the more a girl's breasts get looked at. 
It's normal for everyone to look at your fat tits and
want to fuck you.  To take your nasty nipples and torture
you.  It's what you were born to do."

     "I understand, Doctor."

     "And the most important thing to a girl like you
about a boy is his cock.  Girls cannot resist a boy with
a really big, hard cock.  The sight of an enormous prick
makes a girl like you go out of control.  She just has to
have it.  In her mouth, in her cunt, between her tits, up
her ass!"

     "Thank you for telling me, Doctor.  I just want to
know all about myself.  I can trust you, I know I can.

     "Just a few more things, dear.  A tattoo artist is
outside and he has plans for you.  Then you have your
first photo session as a bondage and porno model.  This
afternoon, you have your group therapy session, where we
can deal with this fantasy about being a man."

     "Yes, Doctor."

     "Feeling a little giddy, Missy?"

     "Yes, Doctor."

     (Patient's voice has become sing-songish.)

     "Hard to think, to concentrate?"

     (No audible response.)

     "Get used to that.  It's the sedative.  You don't
need to think.  Just do as you're told."

     "Yes, Doctor."

     (Patient's voice has become dreamy.)

     "And over a few months, maybe we can make some
progress."

     "Thank you, Doctor.  I'm sorry I've been so bad."

     "You have been very bad, Missy, but we can deal with
that here."

     "Yes, Doctor."

     (Patient giggling.)

     "Just let me unlock your chain and unlace your
pussy."

     (About 1 minute passes in silence.)


     "There now, go with Nurse Sandra.  She's going to
leave you in the Men's Ward tonight and I want you to
fuck and suck  all the men who admire your tits until
someone lets you out."

     "Okay.."

     (Patient giggles.)

     "Okay, Doctor.  I'll suck and fuck all the men and
     show them my tits."

     "Listen to your Doctor, Missy, and soon, you will be
     a happy girl."


     END SESSION/5:55AM EST
         Patient turned over to Nurse Sandra.
         Patient RM assignment - Mens Wd.

                  *********

     Patient - Missy Meeks
     Diagnosis - Nymphomania
     Notes on Discharge
     Dr. Carasso


     Patient was admitted by her aunt, Sheila DeVille, in
a delusional state.  She claimed to be a male who had
been involuntarily subjected to a sex change operation. 
Subject was admitted wearing leather/rubber fetish attire
associated with sadomasochism.

     Subject created substantial disturbance by entering
the Men's Ward repeatedly and engaging in numerous sexual
liaisons.  During her treatment a large number of
pornographic photographs, most centered around the
subject's unusually large breasts, surfaced, and, when
confronted, subject exhibited a neurotic pride in her
breasts, especially as to their remarkable roundness and
oversized nipples.

     Subject was given electro-convulsive therapy, by
electroshock, and chemical intervention (Thorazine,
Placidyl) for a period of the first 48 hours.  At the
same time, subject was exposed to group and individual
therapy to deal with her psychosis.

     Marked improvement was noted after 75 days from
admission.  Subject was adjusted to social conventions of
modesty, obedience, proper role models, and the value of
work.

     Short home visits proved successful and allowed for
a gradual transition.  I signed for a discharge today and
saw her released to the care of her aunt.  Subject was
fully aware of her surroundings, was dressed and behaved
appropriately, and expressed a desire to continue therapy
to avoid further psychosis.

     Note my calendar to speak with Sheila DeVille re
Missy Meeks in 60 days.

                  *********

     Missy picked up her purse.  I hate this corset. 
It's much too extreme.  My breasts are too high and
sixteen inches is too small a waist.  I'm all out of
proportion.  50EE-16-42.  And I hate this suit.  It's
linen and too tight.  It's wrinkling already.  I wonder
if we'll see any boys on the way home.

     I hope we stop at the beauty salon.  Aunt Sheila
said I could.  She said she was going to make me a
redhead but I like blonde.  But anything is better than
mousey brown.

     "Missy!"

     "Coming, Aunt Sheila."

     Missy came down the steps, her six inch heels
setting her sexy body ajiggle.  Missy didn't seem to
mind.

     "Thank you, Doctor Carasso.  I know that you made me
well and able to go home."

     "It was my pleasure, Missy.  Do you have any plans?"

     "My aunt says she plans on my working as a maid in
her mansion.  I'll have a uniform and everything."

     "It sounds very productive, Missy, and best of luck. 
I hope you feel good about yourself."

     "Oh yes, Doctor Carasso.  I know now that a girl
with breasts as big as mine SHOULD be stared at!  God
made me this way and I have an obligation to let men see
how mammoth and perfect my breasts are."

     "My, Missy, what an adult thing to realize."

     "Yes, Doctor, and I realize that boys will expect me
to appreciate their attention.  After all, if a boy is
willing to spend the money for a movie, he has a right to
stick his cock in me any way he likes.  Or to crush my
nipples and make me squirm.  It's what is expected of a
girl."

     "Sounds to me like you are well on your way to
happiness, Missy."

     "I can't wait to get home too, because Aunt Sheila
says that she knows lots of boys who want to meet me."

     Missy let her aunt clip the leash to her nose ring
and followed her to the waiting limousine.

     "Roger, will we see you for dinner on Friday?"

     "Will Missy be serving, Sheila?"

     "But of course, Roger dear."

     "Wouldn't miss it for the world!  After all, I am a
doctor.  I care about my patients."

--
