John and Kate had been browsing through a novelty gift store, when
Kate came across an adult game section.  They decided to try a game
called Intimate Commands.  It was a board game, on which the spaces
commanded the players to remove clothing, drink a shot, etc.   A
couple of spaces required the drawing of a card, on which a more
intimate command was required.  These cards required the drawing
player to either make a command, or submit to one made by the
opponent.  Definately a risky game, but John and Kate both agreed to
play by the rules, and submit to the other's commands.

After playing a while, and getting a feel for the game, Kate decided
to get more agressive.  She drew an intimate command card requiring
John to submit to her command for two minutes (most of the cards had
time limits on them).  Kate decided to test John.  She made him lie
on his back, and straddled his hips.  Peeling off her top and bra,
she lowered her breast to within inched of John's mouth. 
Instinctively, he reached up to suck on her nipple.

"Did I tell you you could do that?" Kate asked innocently.

"Uh... No."  John was a little nervous.

Kate slapped him hard across the face. "Don't move until I say so, or
you'll be sorry."  She continued to straddle John's hips, and sway
her breasts close to John's face.  Then, Kate brushed her breast
against John's lips.

"Didn't I tell you not to move?" Kate pretended to be furious.  John
was more than a little startled.

"Hey, I didn't.."  John could finish before Kate shocked him.

" I warned you.  I have a minute left.  Go to the kitchen and get the
wooden salad spoon."  Kate was in her glory.

Reluctantly, with butterflies in his stomach, John got the spoon. 
When he got back, Kate unsnapped his jeans and pulled them to his
knees.  Kate sat on the couch and ordered John over her lap.  She
used half her time to spank John with her bare hand, and then, when
her hand was too sore to continue, bared John's bottom and proceeded
to put the spoon to use.  John couldn't believe a minute could take
so long.  When Kate was finished, John's bottom was a deep red, and
was on fire.  John was determined to get even.

On John's next turn, he drew a card which required him to strip. 
This was unbelievable.  He was now naked before Kate, and the spoon
was still in her hand.  There was no doubt that John would feel it's
sting again.  Kate began to gloat.

"John, let me tell you something,"  she began, "I've been wanting to
put you over my knee for a long time, and today's my chance.  It's
just a matter of time before you have to submit to me again, and
then, no mercy!"

John cringed as Kate drew her next command card.  But then, Kate
blanched.  She had drawn a command card which would make her submit
to John, with no time limit.

"Uh, honey, um, how would you like a nice, long, blo..."  Kate was
cut off in mid sentence.

"Oh, no.  You're mine now.  Or should I say, your pretty little ass
is mine now.  But first, I want you to change.  Go put on a mini
dress, with no bra, and those black, see through panties I like so
much.  And put some black stockings on too."  John was beginning to
enjoy himself.

Kate was getting worried.  What had she gotten herself into?  She
would soon find out that she was in for a long night.  She returned,
dressed as ordered.

"Good.  You look quite stunning.  Now come over my lap, and bring
your spoon with you."  

Kate's mind raced.  She had never been spanked before.  Would it
hurt?  Maybe John would go easy on her.   Maybe...

"Yeeeoouch!!!"  Kate let loose a squeal.  John had pulled her over
his lap, and began to spank her over her dress.  She wiggled and
squirmed, but could not avoid John's heavy hand.   John wasn't
sayiong a word.  He concentrated on slapping his wriggling target. 
When he could feel the heat of her bottom through her dress, he hiked
it up to expose her pantied bottom.  Through the sheer black fabric,
John could see faint pink handprints on Kates bottom.  He went back
to work, steadily spanking her bottom with no particular pattern. 
She seemed to squeal most when he slapped right where her cheeks met
her thighs.  John was enjoying the sight of his wife, stockinged legs
kicking up and down, sqealing with every spank.

Kate was in agony.  Her bottom was on fire, and she imagined that it
was fire engine red.  John certainly was enjoying himself.  Suddenly,
he stopped.  Kate was grateful;  her bottom had had enough.  John,
though, had other plans, and could feel the cool air wash over her
bottom as John peeled down her panties.  In a matter of seconds, the
feeling of cool air was replaced with the sting of the wooden spoon. 
Kate cried out, but John paid no attention.  Blow after blow
descended on her helpless behind.  Desperately, Kate thrust her hand
bakwards to cover her bottom, but to no avail.  John pinned her hand
to her back, and began to concentrate on her sensitive cheeks. 
Finally, he put the spoon down, and began to rub Kate's bottom.

"There, there, sweet Kate, how does that feel?"  John asked.  "God,
my ass is on fire.  I can't believe how hot it is."  Kate was worn
out.

But John wasn't finished.  "Come on, into the kitchen."  Kate got off
John's lap, pulled her panties over her reddened ass, and went to the
kitchen, not aware of John's plan.  John grabbed a tray of ice cubes,
and told Kate to bend over the table and lower her panties.  She
complied, and John melted ice cube after ice  cube on her bottom. 
When her bottom was quite chilled, Kate pulled her panties up and
began to get up.

"Wher are you going Kate?  We're not finished yet."  John was
smirking.  "But You've already spanked me.  Let's get back to the
game."  Kate was eafer to extract her own revenge.  John, however,
would have none of it.  He made her kneel on a chair, and put her
elbows on the table.  He grabbed a plastic spatula from a drawer, and
lifted her dress to expose her now cold and wet pantied bottom. 
Placing a hand on the small of her back,  John began to slap her
bottom again and again with the spatula.  Kate begged for mercy, but
John had none.  He peeled down the panties, and threw them in a
corner.  She wouldn't be needing them any more. 

John took in the sight before him.  Kate, splayed across the table,
her burning bottom exposed with her pussy in full view, her ass
begging to be spanked.  John begaon again, working over Kate's whole
outstretched  bottom, and then began to concentrate again where Kates
cheeks met her thighs.

Kate was beginning to think the spanking would never end.   Her every
cry and squeal brough another sharp sting of the spatula,  But now,
her pussy was begginning to get hot, and should could feel the
spatula's heat on her lips.  She was wriggling furiously now, giving
John quite a site.  She didn't care.

John brought her to the study next, where he made Kate strip and bend
over his hard wooden chair.  There he applied a heavy but flexible
ruler to Kate's poor bottom. Now, tears were streaming down Kate's
face, and she begged John for mercy.  John was not through, however,
and next brought Kate to the bathroom, where he had her face the
mirror while he applied a bath brush to her now scarlet ass.  Once in
a while, he would rake the bristles across her skin, which increased
her agony. Even as her bottom grew hot, though, Kate's pussy grew
hotter.

John decided that Kate had had almost enough.  They had worked
themselves through the house, to the bedroom.  John told Kate that
this would be the last room in which she would be spanked;  however,
she would have to pick the position and the implement.

"I like it best when I'm stretched across your lap."  Kate couldn't
believe she heard herself say that.  "I 'want you to use the spoon
first, and finish with your hand."  With that, John pulled up a
chair, and pulled Kate over his lap.  Her hands fell to the floor,
and she braced her self for the finale.  John did not let up, and
finally finished what he started over an hour ago.  Kate lay over his
lap, sobbing.

John was suprised to learn that Kate enjoyed the game, and the two
played well into the night.  
