Archive-name: Bondage/intruder.txt
Archive-author: Robert E. Epps
Archive-title: Night of the Intruder


Joy sat at her desk and stared at the two stacks of order logs piled
before her, one on each side of her keyboard.  The stack on the left
contained orders she'd already entered that day, and the one on the
right contained those yet to be entered.

The stack on the right was still much larger.

She sighed and looked at the clock:  five minutes past seven.
Everyone else had gone home for the night except her boss, whom she
could hear rummaging through a file cabinet in his office.  Two hard
workers, working late.  Joy sighed again as she looked at the work
still to be done.  She'd told Carl that she'd for sure have them done
that day, and now she was regretting those words.  Her fingers
returned to the keyboard, and she got as far as the quantity ordered
when her boss called to her from down the hall.

"Joy, could you come here?  I need a favor of you."

"Okay, just a minute!"  Oh great, what else is he going to ask me to
do now? She finished entering the data for that customer, and
transferred the sheet of paper from the right stack to the left.
Then she rolled her chair back from her desk and got up.

Joy was eager to go home, because she was feeling quite horny!

She strode down the hall and knocked on Carl's closed door.  She
heard what sounded like some kind of box being dropped onto his desk,
then he answered her knock.  "Come on in!"

Joy opened the door and entered.  Her boss was seated in his large
and very comfortable-looking chair at his huge L-shaped desk.
Papers, books, magazines, and other assorted items of importance to
the company were scattered all over it.  A Compaq 386 and a printer
sat nestled amidst the turmoil on one end.  On top of one pile of
magazines sat a pink cardboard box.

"Yes?"  Joy sat down in a chair next to the door, and waited
expectantly. Her boss simply looked at her for a moment, then spoke.

"You know, Joy, you have been working very hard lately, and I really
appreciate your staying late all week to help get our backlog of
orders into the system. Thank you very much!"  Joy blushed and smiled
shyly. It had indeed been a busy week!  "You're welcome.  I'm sorry I
didn't get all of that stack entered like I sai-"

"That's all right, don't worry!  Might as well go home now.  Heck,
I'm out of here myself very shortly.  But before you leave, could you
spare a moment to give me your opinion on something?"

Joy nodded.

"I bought something for my wife today, and I just wanted to know if
you think I made a good selection.  I'm really not much of an expert
on this sort of thing."  He indicated the pink box with his hand.
Joy got up, walked to the desk, and picked it up.  Whatever it was,
it was very light!

"Go ahead and open it."

Joy slid her fingers into the seam, pulled the top flap open, and
peered at the contents.  She sucked in her breath slowly as her whole
body tingled. Surrounded by a red velvety packing material, the
delicate silk lingerie looked heavenly.

"Do you think it's nice?"

"Oooh yes, Carl, I think you made a fine choice!  Your wife is really
going to love it, I bet."  Something tugged at a cord inside her
head. Hadn't she overheard Julie recently mentioning that Carl and
his wife had separated? Perhaps this was part of the "patching-up"
process.

"Are you going to give it to her tonight?"  Joy looked at the soft
lace again, and imagined her own body barely concealed by its nearly
transparent patterns as some lucky man gazed at her wide-eyed and
drooling. The heat rose rapidly within her.

"I'd like to, but I can't yet -- she's out of town on business."  His
voice was tinged with disappointment, and a kind of longing.  His
eyes were locked on Joy.

"That's too bad -- you and she could have alot of fun tonight."  She
smiled, and Carl chuckled.  "Yep, sure could have."

Joy's fingers slid into the box and felt the smooth sensuous fabric.
She imagined it covering her skin, the top part lifting her breasts
up and hiding her sensitive nipples, and the bottom part soaring
above her sexy hips and plunging down between her legs, rubbing
slightly against her vagina as she moved her hips seductively.
Oooooooh...

"Do you want to see what it looks like on me?"

Her horny mind had taken control of her mouth before her logical mind
could react.  She blushed and grinned sheepishly at her now wide-eyed
boss, and continued to run her fingers through the soft fabric.

"Uh, er, well yes!  If y-you want to, that is..."

"Oh I DO want to.  Be right back!"  Joy turned and strode quickly out
of the office and down the hall toward the lady's room, clasping the
box to her side. She entered the restroom, and put the box down next
to the sink.  Joy looked at herself in the mirror.  Then she smiled,
and began to expose succulent flesh.

Her boobs swung to and fro as she bent down and pulled the stockings
over her legs.  They enclosed her thighs in what seemed like a soft
caress, frozen in time.  She pulled the panties on, enjoying the feel
of the thin strap gently squeezing her hips.  Then she covered her
breasts with the bra and fastened it behind her back.  Lastly she
pulled on the long silk gloves.

Joy looked in the mirror.  A heart-poundingly sexy figure smiled back
at her. The black lace accented every luscious curve perfectly, and
revealed much while still leaving something to one's horny
imagination. She ran her hands slowly up her sides, and then up over
her head, while watching her image in the mirror. No matter how she
moved, it looked SO sexy.  Joy felt so hot now...

She turned, and left the lady's room.  She stood in the hallway now,
and she smiled as she wondered how many times before a lady had been
in this building wearing something like she was wearing now.  (Or
less!) She hoped she was the first.  Oooooh...  She walked slowly
down the hall toward Carl's office. Passing an office to her right,
she imagined its daytime occupant being there now, seeing this sexy
apparition floating by his doorway.  Would he just be able to sit
there, or would he jump up and head out into the hall for another
look?  Mmmmm maybe more than just a look!  She entered Carl's office,
and closed the door behind her.

Her boss stared at her luscious body.

Joy put her hands behind her head, lifting her chest and making her
boobs strain against the bra.  Her nipples poked through the fabric,
beckoning any lookers to come over and touch them.  She turned to her
left, then to her right, letting Carl see her from different angles.
She lowered her arms, and put her hands on her thighs.  Then she
wrapped her arms underneath her bra, and pressed her breasts up high
with her forearms.  Carl watched all this with obvious pleasure.

"You look beautiful in it," he finally managed to say.

"Mmmmmm thank you," Joy said throatily.  She put one foot up on a
chair and bent over her raised thigh, rubbing it tenderly with both
hands.  The air conditioner clicked on somewhere nearby, and soon
cool air blew over her body from a vent right above her.  Her skin
broke out in goosebumps, and her nipples hardened.  "Oooooh I better
move away from the vent..."  She walked over to the big desk, right
across from her lust-filled boss, and struck another sexy pose.

Carl's hands were rubbing the surface of the desk, and Joy could hear
his breathing become heavier.  She knew that she was committed to
making this night HIS night, one he would never forget, and she was
so happy.  And so HOT...

"I think you made a very good selection.  It feels so nice.  So
soft." She caressed her body, just a few feet in front of him.  Her
hands pressed inward at the sides of her bra, and the beautiful
titflesh welled up in the center, above the top of the bra.  "SO
soft..."  One hand caressed a sexy thigh as the other rubbed her
stomach, and then her pussy.  The fabric there stretched as she
rubbed, becoming a little narrower and allowing more pubic hair to be
visible.  Joy "ooooh"ed softly, and sucked her breath in sharply, as
the fabric rubbed against her sensitive pussy lips.

Carl clutched at objects on the desk.  One hand squeezed the stuffed
Opus which stood guard when the boss was not around.  His hips moved
to and fro in the chair, and his hard cock rubbed tightly against his
underwear.

Joy put her hands on the desk, stood on her toes, and leaned forward.
Her chest drew within a few feet of her boss's face, and his head
drifted forward as if pushed by some gentle, invisible force.  When
his lips were less than an inch away, she pulled back, smiled, and
wagged a finger at him.  "Mmmmm you're a naughty boy aren't you?"  He
looked at her pleadingly, then that look of pure lust returned as Joy
continued to move about erotically before him.

Joy's horniness level seemed to increase exponentially as her body
drew closer and closer to Carl.  She pushed papers aside to clear a
spot on the desk, and climbed up on it.  She stood on her knees and
played with her boobs, and Carl slowly slid his chair forward so he
could be closer to the succulent body on his desk.  Joy lifted her
arms and shook her chest from side to side, just inches in front of
his face.  She rubbed her belly and thighs and hips and fingered her
pussy, at one point pushing the fabric aside a little bit to reveal
even more.

He just HAD to touch that inviting flesh...  He reached forward and
put his hands lightly on her sexy hips.  Joy lowered herself until
her rump was resting on her lower legs, and spread her legs just a
bit.  Carl caressed the smooth fabric that covered her thighs, and
then his hands slid up to feel the exposed flesh between the tops of
the stockings and the strap of the panties.  His thumbs felt the
edges of her pussy hairs as he rubbed and squeezed her smooth skin.

"Oooooh do you like how I feel?"  Carl nodded, his eyes bobbing up
and down as they scanned her thighs and hips and stomach and chest.

"I'd like you to feel me all over."

"I'd love to feel you all over."

"Mmmmmmm..."

Joy could not remember ever feeling so good.  Her boss's hands
caressed so tenderly, stroked her skin so wonderfully.  She thought
it was one of life's greatest gifts that something like this existed
which could feel so good to both people involved.  She hoped the
sensations would last for hours and hours...

Carl's hands slid around Joy's hips and up her sides.  He pulled his
chair in even closer, and as he caressed her shoulders, his face
moved to within an inch of her chest.  Joy slid her hands up his arms
and gently rubbed his neck and the sides of his face.  Carl stuck his
tongue out and let it touch a bit of exposed breastflesh.  Warm.
Soft. His tongue tasted more, flicking back and forth.  He pulled her
shoulders forward, and her chest pressed against his lips.  Then he
could not hold back any more.  His hands went around her back,
feeling for the clasp.  With a quick movement the bra was loosened,
and he pulled it downward with his lips.  Joy's hands slid to the
back of Carl's head as he pressed his face into her chest and
hungrily devoured the scrumptuous flesh.

Licking and nibbling, he went after her hard nipples like someone
consumed with one burning passion.  Joy's whole body writhed, and she
pressed his head against her more tightly.  His hands came around to
the sides of her chest, and pressed her boobs together to provide
more flesh to bury his face in.  He pulled his head back and just
watched with great pleasure as he squeezed and kneaded her boobs with
his hands, and then his lips and tongue dove in for more.  Joy
removed one of her silk gloves, held it at each end behind his head,
and rubbed his head with it as he continued to feast on her.

Joy no longer had any desire to go home.

Carl looked up at Joy's face, his chin still between her breasts. She
smiled. "Do you think I am doing a good job of modeling your new
purchase?"

"Ooooooh yesMMMPHH..."  He began to kiss and lick her chest and neck
and shoulders all over.  Joy sighed and moaned with pleasure, and her
hands reached underneath the back of his shirt and up, to massage his
bare back.

She was sliding around the smooth surface of the desk now, and papers
and magazines were pushed over the edges and onto the floor.  The
perpetrators of this increased mess hardly noticed or cared.  Joy
leaned back on her elbows as Carl's tongue licked at every square
inch of exposed skin.  His hands pulled her stockings off as he
munched on her belly and waist.  Then those lusty greedy hands went
after her panties. He pulled them down her legs as his tongue
followed right behind, tasting sexy thighs and legs and even feet.
Then he flung the panties on the floor, and stood up to observe the
writhing mass of hot passion on his desk.

Joy was experiencing absolute sexual bliss.  The awareness and feel
of her totally naked body, exposed to this very horny man and the
cool air of the office, had elevated her to a level of passion and
sexual desire she had never felt before.  Her tasty body was so
vulnerable to his every erotic whim!  It continued to undulate and
writhe as she waited with incredible eagerness for whatever her boss
chose to do next.

Carl removed his already-loosened tie, and flung it away.  He
unbuttoned his shirt quickly, very eager to feel his bare chest
pressed against hers.  Soon his pants and underwear joined his shirt
and tie on the floor.  He put his hands on either side of Joy's
supple legs, and slid them upward.  They came close to each other and
slid right along each side of her pussy, just barely grazing the
lips.  He got up on the desk, and his body lowered toward hers as his
hands continued up her body.  They gave her breasts another good
squeeze, and then they traveled across her shoulders and up her neck
to the sides of her face. He settled his body on top of hers gently,
keeping most of the weight on his elbows.  Her boobs pressed
deliciously against his chest, and he closed his eyes for a moment
and sighed with the sensation.  Her whole body felt so warm and soft
against his.  He kissed her neck and chin and cheeks.  Then his lips
found hers.

Joy had never kissed a man so passionately in her life.  Only now did
she learn the true power of the tongue.  Carl's slid deeply into her
mouth, probing and tasting her gums and lips and tongue.  They curled
and twisted around each other, and Joy sent her tongue on a deep
counterattack.  The two writhing bodies rubbed and ground against
each other as they kissed with increasing fervor.  His hands were all
over her body again, rubbing and squeezing and caressing everything
within reach.  His hard cock rubbed against her waist and pussy and
inner thighs.

It was quite some time before their lips parted.  Carl held Joy tight
against him and gazed into her eyes.  They were both practically in a
new uncharted state of mind, a knowledge that anything was possible,
and a desire to experience as much of it as they could.  They both
wanted this to last for a long long time.  There was no need to
hurry. They just gazed into each other's eyes and smiled and spoke of
hot sexy things, sizzling erotic possibilities to explore, as their
bodies pressed against each other and exchanged heat energy.

They whispered and chuckled and giggled and grinned as wild ideas
flew back and forth.  They settled on one they both thought had
wonderfully erotic possibilities.  Then they began to kiss again.
This kiss lasted even longer than the first.

Then, reluctantly, but with excited anticipation of the fun to come,
their bodies separated and they got up off the desk.  Carl dressed,
and Joy giggled as she watched him stuff his hard cock into his
underwear. She sat down in his big executive chair, still naked and
oh so very horny.  When he finished dressing, he told Joy, "oooooh
you look so tasty!  Don't go anywhere, I'll be back in a minute."
She winked at him seductively and blew him a kiss. He looked at her a
moment longer with burning desire, then turned and left the office,
closing the door behind him.

Joy sat in the big chair, tweaking a nipple with one hand and rubbing
her clit with the other.  She looked at the papers which covered
Carl's desk, and her eyes fell on a mess of doodles which covered a
sheet next to the phone.  Amidst the spirals and squiggles and
strange faces were hot sexy caricatures:  a hand squeezing a breast,
two lovers in a tight embrace, a guy's tongue licking a girl's pussy,
and others.  Ooooooh, thought Joy, this guy is hot ALL the time! She
looked at his erotic art and continued to caress her body.

Some minutes went by, then the door opened and Carl reentered the
room, carrying another cardboard box.  He set it down on the desk as
Joy got up from the chair and stood next to him, making sure that her
body was touching his in as many places as possible.  Carl reached
into the box and pulled out a T-shirt and OP shorts.  "I hope these
fit you okay, they've been in the trunk of my car for who knows how
long!"  He handed them to Joy.  She slowly put on the shorts, rubbing
her body against Carl in the process.  The shorts were rather tight,
and the T-shirt was especially so!  Carl watched hungrily as she
pulled it on. Her chest really strained the fabric, and the bottom of
the shirt did not quite cover her navel.  Joy thought that if she
arched her back and lifted her boobs up, they'd probably tear right
through the shirt!  Mmmmmmm... She stepped up behind him, and wrapped
her arms around him as her chest pressed against his back.  Carl
could not resist turning around in her arms and giving her a LONG hug
and kiss.

About ten minutes later, Carl was alone in the room.  The lights were
off.  He sat in his chair, counting silently to one hundred.  Then he
got up, took some items from the box, and stuffed them in his
pockets. Flashlight in hand, he made his way to the door, opened it,
and stepped out into the hall.

The whole building was dark.  The beam of Carl's flashlight played
along the walls and floor.  He felt SO horny, and looked eagerly
forward to finding that luscious body.  He smiled as he savored the
hot sexy possibilities...

The boss had just pulled up to his company late in the evening to do
some last-minute preparations for a meeting tomorrow.  He'd been
walking to the front door when he noticed that the red light on the
alarm panel just inside the glass door was not shining.  In addition,
a green light was blinking, indicating that one or more motion
sensors inside the building were picking up movement.

An unauthorized visitor was in the building, someone who'd known the
alarm code.  Someone perhaps now in the process of stealing
confidential company secrets!  But fearless Carl would put a stop to
this...

And so the fantasy began.

Carl crept silently along the hallway, flashlight in one hand and a
battery-powered squirtgun in the other.  He listened for telltale
sounds that would give away the intruder's location, but so far could
not hear anything...

There!  A faint sound, coming from somewhere on the other side of the
building -- probably the manufacturing area.  He entered the kitchen
area, passed through the dining room, and entered another hallway. He
stopped to listen.  No sounds could be heard except those emitted by
the cooling fans of some computers in a nearby lab.  He made his way
slowly toward Manufacturing.

Joy was having the time of her life:  slinking around in the
darkness, wearing these super-tight clothes that did little to hide
her sensuous curves.  She tiptoed quietly behind a huge Amistar
pick-and-place machine, and leaned against it.  Ooooh!  The metal
felt cold.  She pressed a breast against it, and the coldness made
the nipple instantly harden.  She did the same with her other breast,
then let her fingers fondle her firm nipples through the stretched
fabric of the T-shirt.

Carl put his ear up to the door of Manufacturing and listened.  He
thought he'd heard a noise, but he was not sure where it had come
from. There was nothing but silence now.  He turned the knob, and
pushed the big heavy door slowly open.  The hinges squeaked.

Joy's head turned in the direction of the faint squeak coming from
downstairs. Oooooh he's coming!  Coming to feast on her body and play
with her boobs and and kiss her until her lips fell off and suck all
the juices out of her hot pussy...  She had to hide deeper, protect
herself from danger.  She walked slowly away from the machine on
tip-toes, trying not to make the floorboards of the recently
installed second-story balcony offices squeak.  Her penlight cast a
very faint glow in front of her, providing a bare minimum
illumination without advertising her whereabouts.

Carl wound his away around pieces of machinery in various stages of
assembly. He flashed his light all about, searching behind cabinets,
underneath lab benches, between shelf units.  No sign of the
intruder. His throbbing cock rammed against his pants as he thought
of what he would do when he FOUND the intruder...

Joy descended a stairway she'd never even seen before as quietly as
she could, and found herself facing an enormous slab of granite.
Used as an ultra-flat and stable work table for precision machining,
it was at least ten feet long by maybe eight feet wide.  It sat in a
metal frame like the frame of a bed, and there was about a foot or so
of space underneath it, just enough room for her. She slid underneath
it on her back, and pushed herself along the concrete floor until she
was up against a wall.  She turned off the penlight, and a curtain of
darkness settled over everything.  Her chest pressed against the cold
granite. The thought of all that weight poised above her, perhaps
TONS, was amazingly erotic!

Carl definitely heard a noise that time!  The squeak of a stair step
somewhere.  The intruder was upstairs.  He made his way quickly to
the stairway and ascended.  There were few places the intruder could
go from here. The intruder would soon know the wrath of a VERY HORNY
high company official!

He flashed his light into the new accounting offices.  No sign of
anybody there.  Especially a SEXY body.  He crept up to a closet, and
yanked the door open, expecting to see Joy throw up her arms in
surrender (which would make her boobs REALLY stretch the shirt,
mmmmmm...) But no such luck.  Just piles and piles of plotter paper.
He closed the door and headed back down the short hallway.  He was
about to give up on the upstairs area when he noticed the other
stairway nearly hidden behind a desk.

Joy could hear him opening the closet upstairs.  Ooooh he's so close
now, and probably sooooo horny!  She arched her back and pressed her
boobs even harder against the granite as her fingers caressed her
thighs and reached up inside the tight shorts to fondle her pussy.
She imagined the thoughts running through her pursuer's mind, and
smiled. Then she saw a flash of light from the stairway.

Carl descended the steps slowly.  The intruder HAD to be down here,
and he better not take any chances!  His gun was held at the ready.
No one would get away with confidential company information...  He
reached the bottom and entered the workshop.  Metalworking equipment
filled the room, and the smell of metal and oil permeated the dank
air.  Long high metal shelves ran along one wall, with plenty of gaps
where someone could hide.  An enormous milling machine offered more
hiding spaces, and there was a doorway leading to the foreman's
office, a walled-in cube next to a huge granite table.

He scanned the shelves with his flashlight, then headed for the
foreman's office.  A quick look turned up no sign of Joyflesh, and he
emerged from the office and sat down on the granite slab to think.
Where could the intruder be hiding?  He slowly ran the beam of the
flashlight around the room.  And then a big grin spread across his
face, and his cock hardened again.

One of Joy's hands was inside her shorts, the other was up inside her
shirt, and her body was undulating with the pleasures her hands were
giving her, when she was hit by the flashlight beam.  She looked in
its direction and saw only the brilliant light, moving slowly back
and forth, scanning her whole body. Then it dropped on the floor,
still illuminating her, and a grunting animal came sliding in toward
her.

The animal's hands landed on her stomach and began to paw at her all
over. "Aha!  I got you!!"  He slid up next to her and slid one hand
between the granite and her chest.  "Oooooh you are one SEXY
intruder! I think I will wait and have some fun with you before
calling the police.  Now do as I say and you won't be harmed."

Joy tried to get away, scrambling quickly away from her captor.  Her
sexy legs kicked at the hands that clutched at them.

"POW!  POW!!"  Clackclackclackclack  Joy's body was struck by a
pulsating stream of water.  Carl watched with great horniness as her
shirt became wet and began to stick to her body.  She emerged from
the end of the table and got up, with Carl right behind.  He reached
up and let loose another round of gunfire, and Joy backed up against
the wall, between two metal shelf units.

Her shirt was drenched now, and her areole were now just as visible
as her erect nipples.  It was a wet T-shirt lover's hottest dream,
and Carl's face plunged into the wet warmth.  His hands spread her
arms out, pinning her against the wall as he enjoyed her boobs yet
again. Her sexy hips gyrated with the sensations, and then Carl
reached into his pocket and brought out some rope.  He reached up and
tied a piece loosely around her wrist, and bound it to a corner of
one shelf unit. He did the same with her other wrist, and then slowly
dropped to his knees, dragging his face down her chest and stomach as
he went.  He bound her ankles as he had done to her wrists.  Then he
stepped back and observed his captive as she struggled against her
bonds.

"So you thought you could prowl unchecked through this company and
steal our secrets huh?  With anyone else I would just call that cops
and have you hauled away, but in YOUR case, I've decided to take the
law into my own hands!"  With that he approached her again.  He put
his hands on her hips and felt her smooth flesh as he pressed his
crotch against hers.  Then he took hold of the bottom front of her
shirt, and pulled outward with each hand.

RRRRRRRRRIP!!!

The shirt tore all the way up, and her boobs bounced out.  He put his
hands around them, and just looked at how they moved and changed
shape so deliciously as he played with them.  Then his tongue
alighted on one nipple and began to flick back and forth.  Her skin
was still moist from the squirtgun, and he pulled the hand towel from
his coat pocket and toweled her off, enjoying every curve and crevice
the towel passed over.  Then he slowly unzipped those tight shorts,
and slid them down her silky legs.

Joy leaned back against the wall and reveled in the tactile
sensations all over her body:  his hands and face enjoying her many
wonders, and the feel of the ropes, restricting her movements and
making her body totally vulnerable to his every whim.  She could not
escape his horny desires.  And did not want to!

He now stood before her naked, and his big hard cock jabbed at her
crotch as he pressed his chest against hers.  His hands slid outward
along her arms, and their bodies rubbed together as his tongue slid
all over her neck and face. Then it traveled downward, spiraling
around her chest and in between those luscious mounds, visiting both
peaks, and then continuing downward.  His hands slid down her sides
as he licked and kissed her stomach all over, and then her hips and
thighs.  Her hips slowly gyrated as his tongue drew nearer to her
pussy.  When he got there, her hands jerked against the ropes.

He lapped at her pussy, tickling the lips and tasting her flowing
juices.  Then his tongue slid in between the lips and forced its way
into her.  "Uhhh!" she moaned sharply as he penetrated deeper and his
lips touched hers.  His tongue wiggled around inside and then
withdrew. He licked at the lips some more, and then plunged even
deeper inside the second time.  His hands clutched at her hips as his
tongue was squeezed by the walls of her love channel.  Her pubic
hairs tickled his lips as his tongue powered into her.  His tongue
withdrew again, and he slid it quickly up her body, between her
breasts, and jabbed it in her mouth.

Joy could taste the sweetness of her juices on his tongue.  Their
lips ground together as their tongues danced with each other.  His
cock rubbed against her pussy, making her fiery hot!  She pulled at
the ropes and her body bucked forward, and then his body pushed hers
back against the wall.  His arms wrapped around her and hugged her
tight as they continued to kiss.  He was leaning against her now,
their bodies pressed tightly together.  His hands slid out along her
arms again, and gripped her wrists.  Joy moved her crotch in and out,
grinding it against his throbbing member.  It felt so incredible!

He reached over with both hands, and freed one of her wrists.  Her
hand rested on his shoulder as he reached the other way and freed her
other arm.  She reached around behind his head and pulled his lips
against hers again.

Carl slid down her body again, and undid the ropes at her feet.  Then
he put one arm behind her legs, and lifted her up.  She put one hand
around his cock and squeezed it as he carried her over to the granite
slab.

They did not notice the unforgiving hardness of the surface at all as
they embraced tightly and rolled over and over, kissing and kissing
and kissing...

Their stomachs ground together as Joy pivoted on top of Carl, and
then she found herself face-to-head with his big cock.  She put her
hands around the base and stroked his balls just as she felt his
tongue lap at her pussy.  Her own tongue darted forward and took a
swipe at this love muscle before her.  It bounced backwards like a
punching bag, and quickly sprung forward for more. She stabbed at it
with her tongue, and then curled one hand around it.  Mmmmmm I wonder
how sensitive the head is....  Her tongue lightly teased it.  She
felt his body buck underneath her, and his tongue plunged into her
vagina.  That made her tongue press down hard on his cock, and his
body quivered again.  Joy curled her tongue around his member and
spiraled her way up it.  Then she kissed the head with her lips.

Then she took him in her mouth.

Her lips parted, and his cock slid inside.  First just a little way,
her tongue dancing around on the head.  Then she closed her lips
around it and took it in deep.  Her cheeks pulled inward as she
sucked and feasted on his penis, like a kid eating a Bomb Pop.  Wet
slurping noises could be heard coming from both ends of this writhing
mass of hot flesh.

Carl's tongue plunged really deep, and his cock popped out of her
mouth as she moaned in ecstasy.  She gripped his cock with one hand
and began to stroke it. Now it was HE who was moaning!  She slid
forward, and pressed his dick into her chest.  She moved it back and
forth across one nipple like a windshield wiper. She pressed it hard
into one boob, seeing how far in it could go.  She shook her chest
back and forth, and her boobs smacked against Carl's cock and bobbed
it from side to side.  Then she took it into her mouth again and
sucked on it harder than before.

Carl's body lunged beneath her as he cried out "oooooUUUHH!!"

Joy's mouth filled with steaming hot cum.

She let his cock pop out, and stroked at it as cum shot out all over
her chest.
 She smeared it around with one hand as she yanked on his tool with
the other. His hands clutched tightly at her buttocks.  The stream of
cum slowed to a trickle as his flaming member began to grow limp.

She pivoted around on him again, and pressed her sticky chest against
his. They panted heavily, regaining their breaths.  Then they kissed
again.

Four hours later, the metal shop foreman arrived at work.  He went
into his office, picked up a long roll, and brought it out to the
table.  He unrolled it there and began to make various changes to the
blueprint with a pencil, while leaning on his other hand.  When he
got up again, he found a little bit of sticky stuff on that hand.  He
looked at it curiously for a moment, then wiped it on his pants and
carried the roll back into his office.

--
