Ironing in the Kinks
     By Sue

We've come home from the Caribbean after a week of great sexual explorations
that help us to discover the intense erotic needs that we both have hidden
away too long. You had to go back to work today, but I have one more day off.
So I'm unpacking my suitcase, and I come across the satin panties that I was
wearing that dark night a week ago. They haven't been washed, and I know that
they carry the scent of my excitement. Just thinking about it gets my juices
flowing, but I keep myself from reaching down to touch myself. All I'm
wearing is a long nightgown... nothing else. I'm enjoying teasing myself with
just these shivering thoughts and the feel of the fabric rubbing over my
nipples.

Now I've just finished doing the laundry left over from the trip. It has
evoked so many sexy memories of all the crazy things we did last week. Each
piece of clothing I touch is whispering secret stories into my ears. My whole
body is getting charged up and alive.

Ironing is normally such a drag, but I get out the ironing board. And that's
when I hear a knock on the door to my apartment. It's you!  A computer
failure at the office gave you the rest of the day off. And right away, you
can tell from the look in my eyes what it is that I have in mind. As if I
wasn't obvious enough, I slowly lick my lips. I can almost hear your mind
churning; you're looking around the apartment looking for a prop to use for a
new sexual adventure. Whatever it is, I know that it will be good.

Your gaze settles on the ironing board. What do you have in mind, I wonder.
You turn me around and gently guide me over to the narrow end of the board. I
hear you pull down the zipper of your trousers, and then the rustle of your
pants dropping to the floor. Then you reach around me to pull off the ironing
board cover, leaving only the vinyl protector. Grasping the gown at my waist,
you inch the material upward gradually until I feel the room air on my rear
and on my cunt hair, which is soaking wet. It feels so cool; it makes me
shiver. I can't help but clench the muscles of my cunt, which squeezes out
more of my vaginal fluid. Your hands rise up my sides, knuckles bumping along
my ribs, lightly tickling, bringing a giggle to my lips. As your hands reach
my armpits, I raise my arms, and you lift the nightgown all the way up and
off. I leave my arms straight up in the air, and you toss the gown aside and
cup my breasts, gently pumping , fingers straddling my nipples You push me
forwards with your hips... actually, it is your semi-hard cock that probes at
my ass and pushes me forward. The blunt end of the ironing board bumps into
my cunt, and I can't help but to push my mons against the cool vinyl. Even
through my thick labia, I can feel the pressure against my enclosed clitoris.
Mmmmm.

You step back from me and I turn my head to watch you strip off your clothes.
I'm sure I know what's coming. You are going to bend me forward and plunge
your cock into my cunt. I'm picturing it and anticipating it, wondering if
you are going to tease me by slowly going in, a quarter inch at a time, or
are you going to push into me all in one stroke? I know that I'm wet enough
for you to do that easily if I concentrate on loosening all my cunt muscles.
I slowly wiggle and shimmy my ass at you, and wink with my eye. If you could
see my crotch right now, you would probably see it winking, too.

But instead of accepting my wanton invitation, you start walking away across
the room. What do you have in mind? Into the dining room you go, and then you
come back with a couple of dining chairs. You place one just beside my right
foot, and one beside the left. What on earth!! On your instructions, I step
on to the chairs, with my legs spread. Then you step up behind me and lay
your cock straight out onto the tip of the ironing board, which is at the
perfect height. I can look straight down between my breasts and below my
sparse and matted cunt hair to see your cock, which is drooling onto the
vinyl. That is all I can see of you without turning around. Your hands grab
my waist and gently pull me down, and down. I lean forward and grip the sides
of the board, and then settle down the last few inches so that my cunt opens
wide and my labia part around the length of your shaft. I now can see only
the head of your cock. Your hands come up to my breasts and tweak my nipples,
and I can't stop myself any longer. I quickly discover that I can move
forward and back  and rub my clit over the length of your cock. Your precome
is mixing with my flowing juices, and there is plenty of lubrication. My
labia are literally swallowing your cock, licking the sides like dual
tongues. And best of all for me is the feeling that I get as my clit pops
over the raised edge of the crown of your cock. Its like you were licking me
and I were licking you at the same time. 

I'm glad that I bought this heavily-built ironing board, because I'm really
starting to rock back and forth faster and harder. I can hear your
encouraging whispers and grunts, and I'm gasping and panting too. My long
blond hair hangs straight down and I start whipping it around as my head
dances. You remain perfectly still as I caress your cock. I don't know how
you have the discipline. My own body is thrashing and pistoning with no way
that I can control it. I'm going to have my orgasm now, and you can sense it,
I'm sure, since you tell me that you too are about to come. 

And there it is. I stop pistoning and start vibrating and squeezing my thighs
together rhythmically. Looking down between my breasts, as my eyelids
flutter, I can see the jets of your come spurting forward along the ironing
board. Fireworks are going off in my head, and more of my juices are flowing
down onto your cock. I loose my ability to stand on my legs and fall forward
onto the ironing board and your pools of come. I'm so exhausted and
satisfied. It's too much for me, and I loose consciousness, falling into a
sleep that I know will be as filled with erotic dreams as my cunt will be
filled with your rejuvenated cock later today. I hope your post-orgasmic nap
is as sweet as mine. 
