Archive-name: Family/is1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Brotherly Love


        We never thought we would be telling anyone about our love, but  we
    finally decided to let the world in  on our little secret.  It  started
    about a year ago and has continued  through the school year.  In  fact,
    almost everyone thinks  we're married, instead  of brother and  sister.
    We'll tell our own stories so you can understand how it all started...

        HIS STORY:  I thought  I knew my sister,  having grown up with  her
    and having spent so many hours together.  I have always considered  her
    beautiful, along with all other males who have laid eyes on her.  She's
    got a beautiful baby face with pouting lips and long blond hair and has
    developed a fantastic and sexy figure in the last year or so.

        When I left for college, I kissed my sweet "innocent" little sister
    good-bye.  She was 17 then.   I returned last spring, a little  earlier
    than I was expected, and saw the real girl that she was at 18.  I  took
    the bus to within  blocks of my  home and walked  the remainder of  the
    way.  I planned to surprise my parents and my sister, so I didn't enter
    the front door but made my way around to the back to attempt to get  in
    through my bedroom window.  It was getting dark, and to my surprise the
    lights were on in the room.  I slowly crept to the half-opened curtains
    and peeked inside.  The scene on the bed made my heart stop and my cock
    stiffen.

        There was my beautiful baby sister,  smooth and tan and naked,  and
    one of the best-looking young men I have ever seen.  They were lying on
    the bed, kissing and fondling each other while he looked at pictures in
    a photo album. He had  on a pair of  white cutoffs, with an  incredibly
    big bulge behind  the zipper.   I was glued  to the spot  and began  to
    unzip my own pants and release my  straining cock.  Soon the tan  young
    guy stood up, and my sister's small hands began to unsnap and unzip his
    shorts.  She slowly pulled them past his hard-on, which had to be eight
    inches.  His stiff cock curved slightly, and as her hands pumped up and
    down its  thick length,  drops of  slippery fluid  coated the  mushroom
    head.  This seemed to excite her,  and with wide eyes, she lowered  her
    wet young lips and sucked the head of his cock into her mouth.

        His prick looked even thicker next to her small, cute face, but she
    managed to cram a few  inches into her stretched  mouth.  His own  hand
    wrapped around the reminder of his big  cock, and he began to jack  off
    as she licked and sucked  on the swollen head.   In a minute or two  he
    was humping his groin into her beautiful face, his hand sliding up  and
    down his shaft lubricated  by the saliva that  dripped from her  mouth.
    As his hand moved faster and faster, she looked directly into his  eyes
    and sucked even harder on the head of  his cock.  I could see the  lust
    in his eyes, and  with a lurch,  he pulled his cock  from her lips  and
    with the tip just and inch from her mouth, shot a big, white stream  of
    cum.  The thick fluid  hit her top lip and  was followed by three  more
    wads just as big.   Her mouth was open and  I could see the strands  of
    sticky cum stretching from her tongue to her lips.  Her face and  mouth
    were literally drenched with semen, and with her fingers she scooped up
    the slippery stuff and slid it into her mouth.  He jammed his cock back
    into her mouth and I could see her cheeks hollow as she sucked the last
    bit of cum from his cock.
        By this time  I was at  the point  of cumming in  the most  intense
    orgasm of my life.   I shot spurt  after spurt of  cum into my  waiting
    hand, and  then  wiped it  up  and down  my  spurting shaft.    When  I
    recovered, I made an entrance,  this time by the  front door.  After  I
    met the boyfriend,  who was as  nice as he  looked, I went  back to  my
    bedroom.  I had to open the windows to get the smell of sex out of  the
    room.  I heard the front door open and shut as they went into the front
    yard.  I decided that I was going  to try to get a little of my  sister
    myself, so I got undressed and into  bed with only a sheet covering  me
    from the waist down.  I looked on the bedside table and found her photo
    album.   As a  senior, she  had  lots of  pictures taken.   She  was  a
    cheerleader and there were lots of shots of her in her short skirt  and
    sweater.  There were  several of her  in her bikini,  but the one  that
    really turned me on  was a photo of  her standing in  her bra with  her
    hands behind her back as  if she was taking  it off. Apparently it  had
    been a slumber party because  there were a lot  of her friends in  baby
    doll pjs and nightgowns.    I couldn't take my  eyes off of her  supple
    young body.  Her breasts, covered by  the bra, were firm and it  seemed
    that the nipples  were poking out  of the front.    I  stroked my  cock
    while looking at her pictures.   I heard the front door open again  and
    the sound of her footsteps coming down  the hall.  I took my hand  away
    from my cock, but it poked the sheet at least two inches.

        HER STORY:   I'm nineteen now,  and go  to the same  college as  my
    brother.  We live together off campus in an apartment.  I really didn't
    plan to come to this school, but what happened last spring changed  all
    that.  I was home alone with my boyfriend since my parents were out  of
    town for the weekend.  We were in  my brother's bedroom making out.   I
    was completely naked and I knew that  I looked sexy as hell.  I've  got
    long blond  hair  that  I usually  wear  up  in a  pony  tail  although
    sometimes I let it loose  and let it hang down  far enough to cover  my
    breasts.  I'm 5' 4" tall, weigh 115 pounds, and my measurements are 38-
    25-36.  My breasts are very firm and my nipples are very large and dark
    and stay hard most of the time because, when I was 10 or 11, I used  to
    wrap rubber bands around my nipples to make them stand out so Mom would
    have to buy me a  bra.  Sometimes, even now,  I'll stand in front of  a
    mirror and wrap rubber bands around the sensitive flesh just behind the
    nipple.  I usually can  get more than 20 turns  from the bands, and  it
    makes my nipples jut way out in front.  I can feel them throb, and when
    I pinch them,  it makes  my clit  start to  throb right  along with  my
    nipples.  Sometimes I rub my clit until I cum.  Usually I get one of my
    nipples in my mouth and I suck and bite it while stroking my cunt.

         This night, Bobby  was wearing shorts  and I could  see the  large
    bulge of his  cock straining  the zipper.   I unzipped  and shoved  his
    shorts down and began sucking the end of his prick.  I love the  satiny
    feel of his cock head, and I know that if I use my tongue on the  ridge
    of his head, he will squirt loads of  cum in my mouth.  Since I  didn't
    want to get knocked up, I never let any of my boyfriends fuck me.   But
    since I always gave them the best  blowjob they ever had, none of  them
    complained.  I've sucked so many cocks that, now, when they cum, I  cum
    as soon  as I  taste the  salty fluid  on my  tongue.   He was  jerking
    himself off into my mouth, so I opened my eyes and looked directly into
    his so that he  could see my pleasure  as he came.   He pulled out  and
    directed his cum at my open mouth.  I could feel some of the shots  hit
    the back of my  mouth, and I  could taste and  feel the semen  dripping
    from my lips onto my tongue.  I sucked him back into my mouth and  used
    all the suction I could  muster to squeeze the  last drops of cum  from
    his cock.

        He was starting to get hard again when I heard the front door.   My
    brother came home from  college early.  We  hurriedly dressed and  went
    into the front room.  Since he came home before Bobby could eat me out,
    I needed to get him someplace where we  could be alone.  Ray went  back
    to his bedroom and Bobby and I went out to his car.  We got in the back
    seat and he licked and sucked my clit until I came twice more.  When  I
    went back inside, Ray's light was on and, as I passed his door, I could
    see that he hadn't  shut it all the  way.  He was  lying under a  sheet
    with a monstrous hard-on poking up like a tent.  He had my photo  album
    which Bobby likes to look at when I suck him.

        I opened the door and went in the  room.  I sat on the side of  the
    bed and looked at  the picture that had  captured Ray's attention.   It
    was the one of me in my bra with my back arched just as I was trying to
    unhook it.  That picture made my breasts stand out so they looked  like
    ice cream cones.   I asked Ray if  he liked my  picture, and he  simply
    nodded.  I asked him if he would  like to see it for real, and when  he
    stared at me, I got up and took  off my blouse and turned sideways.   I
    arched my back and reached behind to  unhook the bra.  I held the  pose
    for a minute and then went ahead and undid the hooks.  I turned to  him
    and walked over to the bed.  I  asked him if he wanted to take it  off,
    and he reached up  and slid the  straps over my  shoulders and down  my
    arms.  The cool night air hit my nipples and they stood up like  little
    solders.  I put my hands under my left breast and pushed it up until  I
    could get the nipple in  my mouth.  I sucked  on it while watching  his
    eyes.  His hand went under the sheet  and I could see him stroking  his
    cock.  I reached down and pulled the sheet off the bed and knelt at his
    side.  I leaned  over and took  the head of  his cock in  my mouth.   I
    licked it and let  my saliva run  down the shaft.   I licked the  whole
    shaft down to his balls,  and I sucked first  one, then the other  into
    the warm, wet cave  of my mouth.   I felt his hands  trying to take  my
    shorts off,  so I  stood and  slipped out  of both  the shorts  and  my
    panties at the same time.   I could feel  the dampness between my  legs
    and it felt like my clit was poking out a foot.  He reached up and took
    my hands and  brought me to  the bed  where I squatted  over his  face,
    facing his feet.  I felt his tongue on my cunt and his finger in my ass
    hole.  No one  had ever fingered  my ass before, and  I started to  get
    excited.  Each time I tried to bend over and lick his cock, he  stopped
    me.  He pushed me forward slightly so that he could stick his tongue in
    my ass.  It felt like a snake running up my ass.  I started to feel  an
    orgasm run through  my body as  he continued  to lick and  suck my  ass
    hole.

        Finally he stopped  and made me  get up.   He took my  arms in  his
    hands and guided  me into the  bathroom.   He stopped in  front of  the
    mirror and reached  in the  medicine cabinet for  some K-Y  jelly.   He
    began greasing my ass hole while I watched his face in the mirror.   He
    never said a word, just inserted his cock slowly up my ass.  I  started
    to get excited as I  felt the shaft rubbing inside  me.  Even though  I
    was still a  virgin, it  felt like  I knew  fucking would.   I  started
    wiggling my ass and  squeezing down on  his cock.  He  felt as hard  as
    iron and he slid easily up and down.   He began to pound my ass as  his
    climax neared, and I started spasming in  orgasm.  It felt like I  came
    for fifteen minutes, and he had to hold  me up since my legs were  like
    rubber.  As he pulled  out, I felt the sticky  fluid running out of  my
    ass and down my legs.  He picked  me up and carried me back to his  bed
    and put me down gently.  He went for a bath cloth and wiped my ass  and
    legs with the cool material.

        I went to sleep that  night with my face in  his groin, and in  the
    morning, I woke  him by sucking  on his magnificent  cock.  Since  that
    time, I've moved  in with him  here at college,  and, of course,  we've
    fucked and sucked every night.  Even when I have my period, I suck  the
    cum from his  cock.  I  may never tell  anyone that Ray  is my  brother
    instead of my husband.  We'll probably have to move away since my folks
    wouldn't understand.  But as  long as I can get  his cock in my  mouth,
    ass, and pussy every night, it'll be worth it.

--

