Archive-name: Family/is4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Brother Fucker


         Last May, John,  Frank, and I  went to North  Carolina to open  our
     cottage for  the summer.   John  is  my half-brother  and Frank  is  my
     younger brother, but we opened more than the cottage.

         It was  a  long drive,  and  we spent  the  rest of  the  afternoon
     sweeping and cleaning and unboarding the windows.  By suppertime I  was
     covered with dirt and cobwebs, so I told the boys that I was going down
     to the lake for a swim, to clean off while they made supper.

         The lake was about 500 feet from the house, and the late  afternoon
     sun on the beach had warmed everything and made it all look golden.   I
     looked back and saw that the house was obscured by the screen of trees.
     Feeling daring and "at one with  nature," I decided to skinny-dip.   No
     other cottagers  would be  here this  early in  the season,  anyway,  I
     thought.

         I shed my clothes and stood poised for a minute on the edge of  the
     water, holding my bar of  soap.  The cold water  lapped at my toes  and
     sent a tingling through my  body.  The sun felt  warm, but at the  same
     time a breeze was  blowing up from the  lake.  I  imagined myself as  a
     beautiful, bronzed princess of centuries ago.   Being naked out in  the
     open like this excited  me.  My nipples  stiffened and reddened, and  I
     reached up and pinched one firm bud between my fingers, pulling it into
     an even longer size, and starting a familiar throbbing between my legs.

         I slowly walked out into the water and proceeded in deeper until my
     pussy tingled in  anticipation of  being enveloped in  the cold,  clean
     water.   Finally, I  was in  deep enough  that the  waves were  lapping
     between my  legs, the  unique sensation  making my  breasts swell  even
     more.  Looking out  over the lake, I  began to soap  up my body,  neck,
     arms, shoulders, breasts and stomach,  then reached down to my  passion
     passage and  slowly began  massaging, pressing  my soapy  fingers  deep
     inside the folds of my pussy.  It excited me intensely to be out in the
     open doing this.   I closed  my eyes and  rubbed my clit  up and  down,
     faster and faster.

         Suddenly I heard a few splashes behind me, and out of the corner of
     my eye I could see John, naked, entering the water.  Our folks had been
     married a few years, and John and I had experimented once or twice, but
     we had never gotten  beyond mutual masturbation  although I had  kissed
     his beautiful cock once as it stood throbbing in the streetlight as  we
     played with ourselves in the car after a movie.

         Then I  felt two  arms around  me,  and John  began to  massage  my
     slippery tits, his hands sliding easily over the soapy surface,  making
     my nipples pop up and down through the  gaps in his fingers.  I  rubbed
     faster and faster,  and he twisted  my nipples gently  and pressed  his
     hands harder against my breasts.  As he leaned closer, I could feel his
     beautiful long  erect penis  riding up  the crack  in my  ass, and  his
     swollen balls against my buttocks.  The contrast of his warm body  with
     the cool water excited me even more, and I rubbed even faster, ordering
     him to pinch my nipples harder.  I felt the waves of an orgasm  coming,
     and my breathing changed.  "Pinch me  harder!  Pull them!" I gasped  as
     John held me  tightly and  stuck his warm,  wet tongue  in my  ear.   I
     trembled and came in a rush as his fingers crushed my throbbing nipples

     and squeezed my swelling tits.  My hand stopped, and I slowly turned to
     him.  He smiled at me, took my hand, and led me out of the water.

         John then spread out a towel on the sand and lay down on his  back,
     with his enormous,  blood-engorged organ  sticking up  at a  forty-five
     degree angle to his belly.  I stood over him with one foot on each side
     of his body and spread my cunt  lips with my fingers, pulling the  skin
     back so  he could  see my  pink, throbbing  clit peeking  out from  the
     folds.  I squatted down  and let my cunt rub  up and down on his  cock,
     pressing it into his body, and feeling the rock-hard shaft invading  my
     tender pussy lips.   Leaning  forward, I  reached between  my legs  and
     grasped his prick.   Holding it  erect, I sank  slowly down his  shaft,
     feeling the head  spreading my  vagina as it  sank slowly  in until  it
     bottomed on my cervix.   I wriggled and  twisted my body, dragging  his
     cock around as my hips  circled.  His eyes opened  wider as he felt  my
     inside muscles alternately tense and  relax so that my vagina  throbbed
     and pulled on his penis as I leaned over and brushed my tongue over his
     lips.  I let my fingernails trail over his muscular chest as I shot  my
     tongue into his lips and let it dance with his.  He began to thrust his
     hips up toward mine,  and I began to  rock against him.    Our  tongues
     lashed rhythmically at each other as John suddenly grabbed my hips  and
     began pushing  them up  and down  forcefully.   I straightened  up  and
     gasped.  I could feel  his cock sliding back  and forth inside me,  his
     hardness trying to reach my chest.  I  closed my eyes, put my hands  on
     his chest, and let him twist my  body sideways and wp and down while  I
     was impaled on his long, luscious organ.  I pinched his nipples with my
     fingers as I came and shuddered and threw my head back in ecstasy.

         As my eyes opened, right  in front of me stood  Frank!  I saw  John
     open his eyes and look up.  A  couple of feet above his head and a  few
     inches from  my face  were two  enormous purple  balls and  a  swollen,
     fifteen-year-old cock with a bead of cum slowly sliding down the  head.
     John grinned at Frank and shut his eyes again, pushing my hips back and
     forth even more frantically.  I was about to cum again, I could feel it
     welling up in my cunt and clit.  I grabbed Frank around the ass and put
     my mouth around  his beautiful organ.   I had  never had a  cock in  my
     mouth.  The time with  John, all I did was  kiss the head with my  lips
     closed,  and  lick  the  shaft  once  or  twice  as  his  hand   jacked
     spasmodically up and down.  Frank  grabbed my hair and began  thrusting
     deep into my mouth, causing me to choke as the head hit the back of  my
     throat.  I pulled back to catch my breath, and the bead of cum ran in a
     sticky line from my lips to his cock, catching the fading sunlight in a
     rainbow of colors.  I put my hands on his hips to control his movements
     as I moved my head and hips in time with John's thrusts and flicked  my
     tongue lovingly up  and down the  cock in my  mouth, tasting even  more
     cum.  I could hear John's cock squishing in the wetness of my pussy  as
     I slurped Frank  in and out  of my  mouth, letting my  saliva coat  his
     shaft with  wetness.   Soon Frank's  buttocks tightened  and he  thrust
     harder at my face.   He began to  tremble, and I knew  he was about  to
     fill my mouth with cum.   The taste so far  hadn't been bad, and I  was
     excited at the thought of giving pleasure to my younger brother and  my
     older step-brother, so I tightened my  inner muscles and buttocks as  I
     began to suck as hard as I could manage.

         Suddenly, John gave a tremendous lunge,  and I felt his hot  juices
     shoot up into my cunt and his rod throb in the tight grip of my  pussy.
     I trembled more and  whimpered as Frank fucked  my face, bursting  with
     shot after shot of cum.   I swallowed as fast  as I could, but he  came
     faster than I could take it and some of the pasty liquid oozed from  my
     lips and down  my chin as  I came frantically,  sucking his cock  while
     squeezing my vagina, trying to draw  out the last drops of John's  love
     juice.  I  came for  what seemed like  days as  both brothers  remained
     hard.  I felt like I was totally  impaled on an iron shaft running from
     my mouth to my pussy.  The thought of fucking my brothers, giving  such
     pleasure, caused waves of pleasure to wrack my body as I came and  came
     again.

         Finally, I  stopped and  swallowed what  was left  of Frank's  cum.
     Looking down, I  could see rivulets  of John's cum  dripping out of  my
     cunt and down my thighs.   Since Frank had given  me my first taste  of
     cum, I leaned down and took John's still hard cock in my mouth, tasting
     the combination of our juices on  the shaft.  His taste, combined  with
     mine, was even sweeter,  and I let him  see my tongue  as I licked  the
     droplets from his pubic hairs.

         No one spoke about what  we had done, then or  since.  I had  never
     made love to two men at once  before, and I probably never will  again.
     It was a once in a lifetime experience, but I often wonder how it would
     feel to take on three  guys at once, one in  my cunt, one in my  mouth,
     and one in my ass.  Maybe when I get to college next year...

--
