THE ISLAND
by Robert Michael Shook
 
 
 
 
 
Jimmy had a faint feeling that he was wet. He felt as if he were 
surrounded by water, and it was reaching for him, trying to pull him 
under, to reclaim him for its own. His head hurt, and he could not 
yet see, nor remember anything. What was he doing there? Where 
was there? The sunlight beating down on him blinded him, his eyes 
hurt, as if they were being burned from their sockets. His lips were 
parched, his mouth dry. He felt a heat rising from his body; it felt as 
if he were on a large frying pan, his body's moisture seeping away 
from the heat of the pan, being absorbed by the harsh heat light.
 
A small wave crashed up and over Jimmy, bringing him closer to 
total consciousness. The water felt good on his body, and some of it 
entered his mouth, which is partially opened in an effort to suck 
oxygen from this vacuum. When yet another wave of water came 
crushing over him his body moved from the force of it and he was 
rolled onto his side.
 
In this position the sun wasn't so bad. The cool water seemed to be 
helping him regain his strength. He opened his eyes, trying to get 
them to adjust to what laid before him. Slowly, he began to focus on 
a spot a few inches in front of him. It was sand. He was on a beach, 
and he was laying on the shore, right at the point at which the waves 
reached the beach sand.
 
As his eyes accustomed themselves to his surroundings, he turned 
them to explore other things. As far as he could see ahead of 
himself, there was beach. He could see the water line as it snaked 
itself down the imperfect sand. Moving his eyes slightly along the 
sand, he could see what seemed like trees. With a little more focus, 
he realized that the beach gave away in that direction to what looked 
to him like a jungle.
 
 
"Where the hell am I?" Jimmy asked out loud, although his voice 
was no more than a croak. Slowly he began to take stock of himself. 
He wiggled his fingers and then his toes. It seemed as if everything 
was there, and in working order.
 
Slowly he began to move his limbs. His first attempts brought on 
stabbing pain. He thought that he must be badly hurt to feel so much 
pain, however, the more he tried, he realized that his muscles were 
what was aching. He felt like he did that time that he had lifted 
weights with his friends, his muscles had hurt him after that. 
 
This thought pleased him, but when he examined why, he found 
that although he could remember the incident, he could not 
remember the other boys. He knew that they were his friends, 
however, he could not remember their faces, their names, or any 
details about them. This confused Jimmy, however, he decided not 
to dwell on all of that right then.
 
Eventually Jimmy was able to move. With what seemed like all of 
the strength he had, he sat up, using his sore arms to balance 
himself. Looking down along his body, he seen dark red skin. He 
knew that he had one hell of a sunburn, and that it would be painful 
as all hell when the sun went down.
 
Jimmy noted another thing. He was naked. He did not remember 
what his clothes looked like, or really if he had any, but he knew 
that he should be dressed, and not lying naked here on this beach, 
not able to remember anything, with his body burnt to a crisp, right 
down to his dick.
 
Over a period of ten minutes, Jimmy was able to half walk, half 
crawl up the beach some, getting himself away from the water. He 
knew that the salt water would add to his sunburn, but he didn't 
know how he knew this fact.
 
With almost every ounce of energy he had in his body, Jimmy 
pulled himself up the beach until he was finally at the edge of a 
clump of bushes. Taking no precautions for wild animals, insects, 
or anything else, he crawled into the bushes, gasping at the firm 
cool ground, and the first shade which caressed his body.
 
Jimmy slept like he had slept when he was a baby. He slept for what 
seemed like years, all while held safely by his clump of bushes. His 
bodily functions had returned to somewhat normal, although Jimmy 
was too tired to notice them. He slept on. He slept as he urinated 
several times, coating his body and his earth bed with his fluids. 
When his bowels released themselves, he did not notice, or care, 
being lost in his curative sleep. As he turned and rolled during his 
sleep, he did so in his own feces, covering himself in his waste.
 
Jimmy awoke in a startled state. He remembered the water and the 
beach. The water was trying to reclaim him. He relaxed, however, 
when he found himself safely in his bushes. He was pleased that he 
could remember the events which found him in those bushes. Those 
events were only those, however, which had begun the first time he 
woke up on the beach in the water.
 
Stretching and yawning, Jimmy sat up. His mouth was dry, his lips 
chapped and peeled. He was thirsty as hell. As he looked around his 
bedroom, he began to sniff, and them he jumped away from his 
bed, repulsed as he realized that he had been sleeping in a pile of 
shit.
 
It took him only a while longer, with the aid of his probing hand, to 
find out that the shit was his own, and that he had both pissed and 
shitted himself during his sleep. Jimmy was a little put out at the 
thought of that, and more put out by his smell. Standing, he peered 
out onto the beach to see if he were alone, before he headed off at a 
slow trot for the water to rinse the waste materials from his body. 
 
Returning back to his den, Jimmy surveyed the mess which he had 
made. He considered cleaning his home up, but then decided that it 
would take too much effort. He decided that he would find another 
clump of bushes which he could use to sleep.
 
Wandering around a bit, Jimmy realized that he was in a jungle, or 
perhaps a rain forest. Somehow rain forest came to his mind, but he 
did not know why. Looking around and listening closely, he began 
to pick out the sounds of birds and other animals as they began their 
day.
 
Looking up into a tree to identify a noise which he had never heard 
before, he noticed a large bird. It wasn't the bird, however, which 
captured his attention. Hanging there on vine-like structures 
amongst the trees were fruits, fruits which he recognized. There 
were mangos, and further up there were bananas.
 
Jimmy realized, painfully, how hungry he was. The fruit was fairly 
high, and he was not sure if he could climb the trees in the first 
place, but he needed to try. After several false starts, he managed to 
climb about five feet, only to loose his footing and tumble to the 
ground. Luckily, the ground was soft with undergrowth and he did 
not get hurt. Finally Jimmy was able to reach the mangos. He 
wanted to try for the bananas also, but he did not feel strong enough 
to do so.
 
Knocking about a dozen or so to the ground, he quickly climbed 
back down from the tree, almost falling again in the process, until he 
finally reached the soft forest floor. Squatting down, he gathered his 
fruit before him, and glancing around for predators, he began to eat, 
not caring if he showed any manners whatsoever during his dining.
 
At first the sweet nectar of the fruit burned his throat and lips. He 
thought for a moment that the food was poison, but quickly realized 
that he was so dried out and thirsty, that the liquid was hurting him. 
As he made his way through about a half dozen mangos, his thirst 
lessened, his stomach began to feel better, and his lips felt less 
parched.
 
Not realizing that he situation called for restraint, Jimmy finished all 
of the mangos which he had managed to knock down from the trees. 
As he throw away the last seed, he belched, laughing at the sound of 
it as it echoed through the forest. Still squatting, he surveyed his 
surroundings. It still seemed that he was alone, with the exception 
of the animals.
 
Jimmy felt a pressure in his bladder, and realized that he had to piss. 
Normally he would have stood, held his penis, and urinated in a 
proper fashion onto a clump of leaves, or at a tree's base. These 
were not normal circumstances, however, and Jimmy delighted 
himself as he began to piss right there as he squatted, not even 
bothering to hold his penis. 
 
Thirst and hunger quenched, Jimmy decided to head out for a little 
exploring. He needed to find out where he was, and how he got 
there. He also knew that it was important that he find some other 
people, perhaps some adults who could help him.
 
For most of the day Jimmy wandered around, eventually realizing 
that he was on an island, and that it seemed as if it were a deserted 
island at that. He knew that the day was almost over. The sun was 
off to one side of the sky, and it began to get a little cooler. He knew 
that he had to find shelter, and fast, least he be caught out in the 
open when the light failed.
 
Jimmy was able to find another clump of bushes which seemed even 
better suited for his needs than the last bunch. He really had to crawl 
to get into his new house, the branches and crawlers were thick. He 
realized that any animal which might want to eat him would also 
have difficulty getting at him, with the exception of snakes. Jimmy 
froze and then shuttered at the thought of snakes. He hated snakes. 
He hoped that he would not have to confront any.
 
During the early part of the evening Jimmy paid the toll for being 
greedy with the mangos. All of the fruit had played hell with his 
stomach and his digestion, and he had a violent case of diarrhea. 
Luckily he was able to get outside of his bedroom each time before 
his bowels released themselves. He was able to clean himself 
sufficiently using leaves from nearby bushes. He hoped that none of 
them were poisonous, or else he would have hell to pay.
 
Finally his stomach settled down, and he laid there quietly thinking 
and trying to remember, trying to remember anything. He knew that 
his name was Jimmy, but beyond that he was lost. He realized that 
he didn't even know how old he was. There wasn't any hair around 
his genitals, so he knew that he wasn't old enough for puberty yet. 
He didn't know how he knew it, but he knew that older boys and 
men had hair around their cocks, and that they could shoot cum.
 
While thinking these things, Jimmy let his hand wander down to his 
own penis, which he fondled tentatively. As his fingers ran up and 
down his soft flesh, he was on the verge of remembering 
something, but it would not come in clear. His penis responded to 
the caresses he was giving it, it began to fill with blood and grow 
erect.
 
Jimmy could feel the transformation in his cock, and muttered 
"hard-on" to himself, but it was if it were a first time experience for 
him. When finally Jimmy's cock reached its full height, it stood a 
proud, angry four inches. Reaching around it, he guessed that it was 
about as fat as two of his fingers together. Letting his fingers run 
from tip to stem, he laughed and said, "Big dick!" Somehow this 
was funny to him, and it made him laugh, but he didn't know why. 
It was all confusing to him.
 
Without even having to think about it, Jimmy wrapped his hand 
around his penis, making a fist with his curled fingers. Nature was 
taking over at this point, instinct. His hand began to rub the penis, 
and slide itself up and down its length. Faster and faster his hand 
went, it becoming no more than a blur as it flew up and down the 
boy's penis. Beneath the masturbating hand Jimmy laid panting and 
twitching, seeking, waiting for the release which he knew would 
come.
 
Arching his body high to meet the thrusting hand, Jimmy gasped 
aloud, and then tensed, his body trapped up in its half circle, 
buttocks high in the air. The pulsating began, one, two, and then 
three bursts of invisible fluid; a pause, and then two more bursts. 
Jimmy was racked in orgasm, his hand still operating on its own, 
still racing up and down his hardness, until, spent, Jimmy's body 
returned back to his earth bed, and the hand relinquished its hold on 
his boyhood.
 
Jimmy laid breathing heavily as his orgasm subsided, and as his 
penis returned to its normal flaccid state. All during this process the 
hand which had brought him such pleasure and confusion continued 
to gently stoke the softness, and the small orbs nestled in a skin sack 
between his legs, until sleep overtook both boy and hand; and 
Jimmy slept, dreaming dreams of reality, dreams which he wished 
that he could remember when he was awake; dreams which held 
valuable clues to his past.
 
 
The following morning as Jimmy awoke, he remembered his night 
time penis play, and decided that he was going to try it again during 
the day when he could watch what was going on. Although this all 
seemed new to him, somewhere deep inside of him he knew that it 
wasn't.
 
During the day's explorations, Jimmy came upon a small stream 
with fresh water, something which he realized was important for his 
survival. After drinking his fill, he stepped into the clean cold water, 
and washed himself from head to toe, feeling clean for the first time. 
The boy found various fruits during the day, which he seemed to 
know he could eat, and he stockpiled some of them so that he 
wouldn't always have to search when he was hungry.
 
After eating lunch Jimmy laid down at the base of a tree, and 
decided to do what he had done the previous night, play with his 
penis. Slowly, he reached for his penis, and began tugging at it 
softly, encouraging it to grow large. His penis did not need much 
encouragement, as it swiftly grew to its full hardness. Jimmy then 
wrapped his hand around his erection and began to stoke himself 
lazily. He realized that there was no need to hurry. He could play 
with his penis all afternoon if he wanted to. There was no one 
around to bother him, and he didn't have to go anywhere. The 
thought was pleasing to him.
 
After stroking himself for about five or so minutes, Jimmy realized 
that he was being watched. He didn't want to jump in case there was 
danger at hand. He also did not want to startle whoever it was 
watching him, as this might cause them to run away. Slowly Jimmy 
looked around, and almost laughed out loud when he finally found 
who was spying on him. Sticking out of a clump of bushes a few 
feet away was a pretty good size monkey. The monkey had his 
penis in his hands, and he was stroking it as he watched the boy.
 
"Pervert!" Jimmy yelled at the monkey, giggling when the monkey 
screeched and ran off back into the bushes. Jimmy soon forgot 
about the monkey, as he returned back to masturbating himself. 
When a few minutes later he noticed the monkey back again, he 
laughed. The monkey had his cock back in his hand jacking off as 
well.
 
"Come on over and join me!" Jimmy called to the monkey. This 
time the monkey did not run off, but he dropped his hand away 
from his penis and looked squarely at the boy. Jimmy had to giggle 
as the monkey stood in front of him, hard-on sticking out from his 
body.
 
"Hey, yours is almost as big as mine." Jimmy told the animal, who 
turned his head almost sideways when Jimmy began talking to him. 
Jimmy slowly reached over for a banana and held it out, offering it t 
the monkey.
 
The animal started towards Jimmy, and then stopped in his tracks. 
Jimmy encouraged the monkey again, holding the banana out further 
and shaking it a little. The monkey moved forward, grabbed the 
banana from the boy, and then scurried back towards the bushes. 
 
Twice more the banana offering took place, and twice more the 
monkey scurried forward, timidly, to take the fruit from the boy. 
The last time, however, the monkey did not retreat so far. He 
stopped several feet away from the boy, and sat on his legs peeling 
the skin back from the fruit.
 
Jimmy talked softly to the animal as it sat there eating. All during 
this time Jimmy continued to stroke his erection. The monkey, now 
interested in eating his fruit, had lost its erection, but as it glanced 
over to see what the boy was doing, a stirring once again began in 
its genitals, and it developed half a hard-on.
 
Jimmy giggled as he watched the monkey grow erect again, and 
began wagging his own erection at the monkey, pointing with his 
other hand at the animal's rising excitement. Having finished his 
banana, the monkey took his own erection into his hand, and 
somewhat imitating the boy, waggled it around a bit.
 
For several minutes the two sat, erections in hand, smiling back and 
forth at each other. Jimmy decided to see if the monkey would play 
"monkey see, monkey do." Lying back on the ground, Jimmy 
began to stoke his erection, finding his rhythm, and beginning to 
seriously masturbate himself. After a few minutes of watching him, 
the monkey began to stroke himself, seeming accustomed to doing 
it, pretty much in the same fashion.
 
Both boy and animal stroked themselves until Jimmy arched his 
buttocks from the ground, clenched his teeth, and released his 
invisible semen. The monkey followed pretty much the same 
pattern, thrusting his hips forward as his climax approached. His 
semen, however, was far from imaginary, and several small spurts 
flew from his penis onto the ground in front of him. Exhausted, 
both youngsters fell back and rested, the monkey lying back on the 
ground for the first time.
 
Soon after the par had gotten themselves off, Jimmy heard a rustling 
in the trees, and a calling from what seemed to be another monkey. 
The animal next to Jimmy perked up, looked off into the trees, and 
then scurried away. Jimmy decided that the monkey's mother had 
called him to come home, and he laughed watching the younger 
monkey run off to meet her.
 
Jimmy continued to explore for the remainder of the day, stopping 
now and then to sample fruit and berries which he ran across. 
Whenever he would find a fresh water pool, he would stop to 
quench his thirst, and then to take a short swim, after looking 
carefully around for any signs that there could be animals in the 
water which might like to eat him.
 
Jimmy also stopped several times during the day to play with 
himself sexually. He enjoyed being able to strip totally naked and lie 
around playing with his penis. He enjoyed the freedom of this. After 
his last bout of masturbation he decided that he was going to go 
naked for most of the day, and therefore when he wanted to play 
with himself all he had to do is to reach down. He decided that if he 
found any other people, he could put his clothes back on again.
 
Jimmy returned that evening to the spot at which he had met the 
monkey. There was sufficient cover from him to sleep comfortably, 
and he half hoped that his monkey friend would come back to visit 
him, as he was beginning to feel lonely.
 
The boy was overjoyed when, after a loud crashing through nearby 
trees, the small monkey appeared again, screeching and grinning at 
him. This time when the animal came to the ground, it walked 
almost right up to the boy. Smiling back at the monkey, Jimmy 
reached over and offered it a banana.
 
When the snack was complete, Jimmy decided that it was time to get 
friendlier with the monkey. Tentatively, he reached out his hand 
towards the animal. At first the monkey jumped when the hand 
approached, but after a few tries, it seemed to relax a bit. When 
Jimmy was able to finally touch the monkey's fur, he found that the 
animal was trembling with fear. 
 
After stroking and talking gently for a few minutes, he felt the 
animal's body begin to relax, and the monkey moved in closer to the 
boy, seemingly enjoying the physical contact. After a little more time 
for making friends, the two were wrestling around, bodies rubbing 
against each other.
 
Darkness overtook the two, and they cuddled closer for comfort and 
warmth. It was obvious to Jimmy that the monkey was also uneasy 
about being on the ground during the night. As Jimmy was fumbling 
around in the dark, stroking his monkey friend to keep both of them 
calm, his hand descended lower than it had, and brushed over the 
groin of the monkey. Jimmy giggled as he realized where he hand 
was, but he didn't stop rubbing, especially when the monkey 
shuttered a bit under his touch.
