Archive-name: Bondage/islpleas.txt
Archive-author: Thomas Picciani
Archive-title: Island Pleasures (revised)


                        Part 1:  Interview

     The story begins as a beautiful lady named Ally enters
a very posh restaurant in Los Angeles. She is answering
an ad she had seen in a personal column in one of
the lesser known newspapers that usually carry some of
the more kinky personal ads.  The ad read, "In need of a
female subject for long term training program on my
private island. Subject must be natural blonde, slim figure,
and nicely endowed. Subject must be drug and disease
free and non-smoker. S&M, B&D are involved. Subject
must be willing to stay on island for extended period of
time....."

                             *******

     The number was an answering machine. She felt  quite
apprehensive about the whole affair at first, what with  all
the crime in big cities. But she figured that a criminal
wouldn't say that the activity was on his private island. She
surmised it was for real.  So  she called.  The message
said to wait by the phone and a reply would come in about
2 hours. Sure enough the call came.  She was told to ask
for a Mr. Alexander Davis at the Chateau Bleau
Restaurant, a new and very high class place she had
heard rave reviews about.

     The occasion would be formal and she was to dress
appropriately. She contemplated how much this Mr.
Alexander would need to examine of her.  She decided
that he might want to see her naked or at least partially
unclothed so she kept her outfit simple but sharp.  First the
bra would be black lace, followed by a pair of black lace
panties to match. The pink of her nipples could just barely
be seen through the lace and the blonde bush provided a
very pleasant contrast to the harshness of the black
panties. Yes, that would do nicely. At this point she applied
a bit of rouge to her cheeks, and a dark red lipstick which
together added a very nice touch of color to her face.  She
looked in the mirror and decided her eyes needed a
bit of work.  She gently brushed a small amount of
mascara to build her lashes and added a bit of dark grey
eye shadow to make her eyes look mysterious and lovely.
Next she got out her last pair of black stockings and put
them on, along with a garter belt to hold them in place
against her luscious thighs. Her blouse buttoned in front
and was of a black silk.  She allowed as much cleavage to
show as she dared. The skirt was of a grey tweed that
covered her to just above the knees.  She put on a pair
of 5 inch spikes and as a final touch added a bit of jewelry,
a nice pair of gold pendant earrings and a ring or two, a
bracelet, and a gold chain necklace. Ally added a bit of
perfume here and there and took one final look in the
mirror.

     "Knock em dead!" she heard herself say.

     Ally was Allison Medina, a free-lance journalist who
had  a fair amount of success getting a few magazine
articles published, just enough to live on.  She was
24 years old, long blonde hair, and well proportioned.  She
was 5' 8" tall and weighed 125 lbs.  She had a body that
would make any high priced model jealous. Her blonde
hair came half way down her back and was full bodied.

     She came from a very strict Catholic family.  Her  father
passed away only 3 years ago from lung cancer.   She
watched him suffer for a long time and it took a
large toll on her as she could do little to ease his pain.
She did give up smoking shortly after his death.  She really
never enjoyed it that much anyway.  It was just a way to
take the edge off a rough day.  Her mother was a classic
German family matriarch, dominating her life and making
her into a very respectable woman.  She owed much to
her.  She had one sister, Janet,  just 2 years younger than
her who had married when she was 16 and had given birth
to twins girls at the age of 17.

     Then just five weeks ago tragedy struck.  It was a  rainy
night on a well traveled stretch of the L.A.  Expressway.
Janet and her husband Frank had taken her mother, and
the twins to a Disneyland. On the way back, a  tractor
trailer carrying a load of propane jackknifed just as  it was
entering a tunnel, the same tunnel that the van  carrying
Janet and her family were in.  The whole thing  blew sky
high and killed them and twenty-six other people.   She
had no one to turn to. No friends to lean on, no lover,  no
boyfriend.  She was alone, trying to survive and not  doing
a very good job at it.  Maybe this was her way out of  her
misery.

     She further contemplated the meeting. Ally admitted  to
herself that she was a bit anxious. No, she was scared  to
death. As she entered the restaurant she felt a sense of
foreboding.  She feared going through with this meeting.
But she felt something inside spurring her on. It was fear,
curiosity, passion, and several other emotions all rolled up
into one incredible rush.  She was reminded of the
daredevil and why they did what they did.  As they longed
for that feeling of ultimate fear and ecstacy just a split
second before they cheat death one more time, so Allison
Medina walked into the jaws of the unknown to meet her
fate.  She wanted the unknown.

                                 *****

     As Ally approached the entrance to the dining room
she felt the anxiety balling up in her abdomen.  Upon
entering the dining room she almost turned right around
and left.  But something inside said that she must go on.
Finally she found herself standing next to the maitre'd.

     "May I help madam?"  he said with a wide smile.

     "Yes," she beamed back, "I was told to meet a Mr.
Alexander Davis. Has he arrived yet?".

     "The fact is Miss...?" the maitre'd said.

     "Medina, Allison Medina,"  she said with a smile.  She
always liked being treated 'with airs', as her mother used to say.

     "The fact is, Miss Medina, Mr. Davis has been here
since early this afternoon. You see he owns this
establishment."

     "Oh my, I had no idea!" she exclaimed.

     "Mr. Davis is currently in the executive dining room.
Would you please come with me Miss Medina?  BY THE WAY,
you may call me Andre if you wish."

     "Thank you Andre. Please lead the way."

     She was led through an exquisitely decorated dining
room.  The room was carpeted with a short pile rug which
partially muffled the sounds of her heels. The walls were
decorated with fine paintings and sculptures of various
designs.  As Ally passed one of the paintings she couldn't
help noticing the signature,  Picasso! These couldn't be
real, could they?

     People from only the highest standing dined here.
There were even a few celebrities scattered through the
room.  She tapped Andre on the shoulder.  "Isn't
that Don Johnson over there with his wife? It is!"  she
squealed. "Do you think he'd mind if I got an autograph?"

     Andre looked annoyed.  The expression said it all and
was punctuated by a small but firm shake of the head.

     "Oh well, perhaps some other time," she lamented.

     She was led into a long corridor that ended at a 'T'. As
they entered the hallway the carpet was replaced by a
parquet floor.  The heels made a delicious sound on the
parquet and it aroused her senses.  However these
senses were a distraction from the task at hand,
controlling her fear.  She almost let that wave of fear
overcome her when the turned right at the 'T'  and came to
a huge pair of  ornately carved wooded doors.

     Andre opened both doors and announced Ally's  arrival.
There was no going back now.  Ally stepped  forward into
the room.  She was immediately impressed by the size of
the room.  It was some eighty feet long and  twenty
feet wide with a forty foot long series of heavy  oak tables
down it's center.  Chairs were lined up along  the walls as
well as the sides of the tables.  At the very far  end of the
tables was one large chair almost like a throne.   There
was a single door at the far end to the left of center  and
Ally assumed this to be a closet.  She was correct.   The
double doors she had just entered were the only way  in
(and the only way out, she thought).

     The fear began anew.  Again it was quenched by a  tall,
handsome man who proffered his hand as he greeted
Ally.

     "Miss Medina?  Hi, I'm Alexander Davis.  Please  come
in."

     "Allison Medina, glad to meet you,"  she said.

     That statement from her was more than just common
courtesy.  She really was glad to meet him.  Before her
stood a six foot, four inch specimen of the perfect male
body.  It was all she could do to keep her eyes from
popping out of her head!

     Alexander Davis was a tall, handsome man about six
foot four, well built.  He possessed sandy brown hair,
obviously sun bleached, perhaps from the island
climate Ally thought.  His complexion was nicely tanned
from head to toe. He was wearing a three piece business
suit.  The vest and jacket were of fine blue- grey silk and
contrasted well with his tanned features.  Ally wondered if
he had tan lines.

     Davis wasn't exactly having an easy time of it either.
He stared for the longest time at Ally.  From head to toe
she was exquisite.  His eyes focused on her heels.  My
they looked nice.  He always had a thing for heels.  It
really turned him on.

     Ally entered the room and followed Alexander to the
far end of the room.  She then noticed two more people in
the room, a man and  a woman.  The man was standing
near the large chair at the end of the table.  The woman
was seated on the far side of  the table at the very end.
She had a few stacks of papers just to her left arranged
neatly on the table.

     As they reached the end of the table Andre spoke.

     "Will you be ordering dinner sir?"  he said.

     "Miss Medina, would you like a nice dinner,  my  treat?"

     "Actually I'm not very hungry at the moment.  The
situation has made me a bit nervous and I've kind of lost
my appetite."

     "I can understand your nervousness.  Let me assure
you that at any time you wish, you may walk out of here,
no questions asked.  No one will stop you.  Does that
help any?"

     Ally pondered the statement for a moment.  "Yes it
does help a bit"

      "But not that much.  I understand.  Since you are not
hungry at the moment perhaps I can offer you a drink?
We have an excellent wine cellar.  Andre,  bring us a bottle
of Chablis.  You choose..."

     "No, please. Ahh... alcohol doesn't appeal to me at  the
moment.  Could I just have a glass of ice water. My  throat
is terribly dry."

     "Sure, no problem.  Andre, bring a pitcher of ice  water.
We can save the wine for another time,"  Alexander  said.
As Andre left the room Alexander introduce the other
two people.

     "This is Felix.  Felix is my right hand man.  He  consults
me on almost every matter that comes up  regarding the
island.  I like to think of him as the guy who  keeps me
from making an ass out of myself," Alexander  said with a
big laugh.

     "Sometimes you succeed in making an ass out of
yourself anyway.  I can't perform miracles!"  said Felix as
he gave Alexander a comical stare.

     Felix was about five feet, four inches tall and very
muscular.  He was semi balding and about 30 years of
age.  He wore a grey business suit that didn't fit very
well.  He was not all that handsome and carried a little bit
of a paunch up front.

     "And this is Susan.  Susan is my expert in recruitment
and will assist in the matter at hand."

     Susan smiled at this through lovely dark red lips.  She
remained seated and said nothing.  Susan was five foot,
nine inches tall with jet black hair.  Other than the
lipstick, she wore very little makeup, the small amount of
rouge on her cheeks being the most distinguishing color.
She wore a bright red, silk blouse and no jewelry except for
a pair of small gold earrings.  Ally couldn't see below the
table so didn't know that Susan was wearing a pair of
black six inch spiked heel boots that came up to just below
the knee and was also clad in a mid length black leather skirt.  Ally
didn't know this woman very well but she sensed that she
was the greatest threat to her well being.  She couldn't be
more correct.

     "Please have a seat."  Alexander pointed to the chair
at the end of the table directly opposite Susan.

     At that moment Andre returned with the water.  He
immediately poured a glass for Ally, then looked around to
see if anyone else would like a glass. Alexander signalled
for a glass. Susan and Felix declined.  Andre pours a
glass and gives it to Alexander.

     "Will you be needing me anymore sir?"  Andre asks.

     "No, and thank you Andre," says Alexander.

     Andre leaves the room and closes the double doors.
At that moment Felix heads towards the doors and stands
guard, so to speak.  Ally looks at Alexander with concern in
her eyes.

     "Felix will simply stop anyone from coming in.  The
offer is still good.  If you wish to leave you still may. No
one will stop you."

     "A toast. To the pursuit of happiness!"  Alexander
states, offering his glass in tribute.

     "To the pursuit of happiness!"  Ally repeats with a big
laugh as she gently clink glasses with Alexander's.  They
both take a long swallow of the ice water.  It tastes
wonderful.  Alexander is laughing as well.

     "Feel better now?"  asks Alexander.

     "Quite!"  A huge grin has emerged across Ally's face
and she finally feels at ease.

     "Then let's begin.  As I said, my name is Alexander
Davis.  I own this hotel as well as 12 others in various
cities in the U.S.  I also have a few more abroad in several
English speaking countries.  I was raised by strict parents
who died along with my four brothers in a plane crash
when I was 17.  I am now 28.  The lawsuit victory and
insurance settlement from the crash provided me with the
initial capital of 5 million dollars, which I put into some very
wise investments. When I was 22, the stock market took a big tumble.
But I had taken many wise investments, called
trading short, that actually pay off when stocks go down.
This made me a very rich man.  My two and a half million
dollars in investments turned into one and a half billion
overnight!  Now over the last six years I've accumulated
an even greater amount of wealth.  To be honest with you
I don't know how much I'm worth. Perhaps eight billion,
maybe more."

     Susan spoke, "I believe it's closer to 12 billion Al."

     "Thank you Susan, 12 billion. And since when did we
get so personal?"  He rebuffed Susan.

     Susan immediately lowered her eyes to the table and
said, "Sorry sir. I lost my composure for a moment."

     "Susan, I forgive you. Now let me continue."

     "Now where was I?  Oh, yes. I guess I have 12 billion
in various businesses throughout the world."

     "When I first got the money, many investment brokers
recommended real estate.  I purchased several pieces of
property and did quite well.  One of the properties I
purchased was an Island about 300 miles off the coast of
Los Angeles. My tastes
being of the sexual dominance ticket, I began looking
up ways to fulfil my fantasies. I read Anne Rice's Beauty
series, and her book Exit to Eden. Also I used various
computer networks to gather additional ideas.  The mind control
aspect was picked up from the book 'Story of O' by
Pauline Reage. It was from all these sources that I created
my own version of 'Fantasy Island'".

     On this island are two villages and one palace.  Of
course I reside in the palace.  In one village only women
are slaves.  In the other only men are slaves. In the
palace there is a mixture of both.  Also the palace is where
the initiation and training takes place.  Only experienced
slaves are sent to the villages.  We currently have over
two thousand inhabitants approximately twelve hundred of
which are slaves".

     Upon hearing the talk of slaves Ally's fears
re-emerged, but so did that same desire for the rush of the
danger.

     "Let me get this straight.  The ad is for sex slaves?
You want me to become a sex slave?" Ally seemed
astonished.  She realized that she shouldn't have been.
Perhaps it was just her mind's last ditch effort to prevent
Ally from giving into her desires.  Ally had read the ad.  It
was clear as day and she knew it even before she set foot
into the restaurant that the ad was for sex slaves.

     "You seem surprised at what's expected. Let me  begin
formally in the manner in which I originally planned  this
meeting.  Susan, if you please,"  he said.

     Upon this note Susan relaxed and took a few sheets
off the papers that were on the table. She handed identical
copies to Alexander.  It was a checklist of sorts. Alexander
took out two pens handing one to Susan.

     "Before we begin let me preface this meeting with the
following statement,"  he said as he looked directly at Ally.
"Everything that is presented to you will be as truthful and
as up front as we can possibly be.  Should you accept the
offer we present you will know everything up front.  We will
attempt to hide nothing. Understand?"

     "Yes," she said in almost a whisper.

     "Of course, we cannot provide every detail of the activities
that take place on the island, but we will do our very best to provide
an example of what island life is like.  Before you leave, assuming
you permit it, we will demonstrate as much as we can as to the
lifestyle you will partake in should you be acceptable.  Understand?"

     "I understand," she said.

     "Good.  But be forewarned that the descriptions of
what takes place, what you need to do, or what will be
done to you could be quite graphic and probably quite
upsetting.  Are you sure you can take it?" Alex asked.

     "Yes,"  Ally was visibly shaking now.  Alexander saw  it.

     "Ally, your shaking like a leaf.  Take a sip of water and
take a deep breath,"  ordered Alex.

     She did this and the shaking stopped. She took a
second deep breath and in an apologetic manner spoke,
"I'm sorry. I guess I lost my composure too."

     Susan smiled.

     Alex spoke again consoling her. "Hey, your allowed,
OK?  What the ad is offering is a very unusual situation.
This is one hundred percent voluntary.  And don't worry
about me not filling the position either.  There are millions
who would give their eye teeth for this opportunity.  Now,
do you wish to end this meeting and leave or do you
want to hear more?  I need to know now or we'd both be
wasting our time going any further."

     Ally was being mentally torn in two by the desire to
escape and the longing for the adventure should she
continue.  In reality she only hesitated for a moment, but for
her the debate in her mind seemed to continue on for
hours.  What would be expected of her?.  She'd read all the
books Alexander had mentioned and had a good idea that
she would be abused, humiliated and tortured.  But these
thoughts began to take on a different meaning as the
debate continued.  She feared but could not run.  The
desire for the passion was too great.  Ally pulled a large
pitcher of willpower from her most secret vaults within her
mind.  "I'll stay!"  Upon saying this Ally sat up with
conviction.  She had backbone and willpower and she
wanted to display it.  She wasn't a slave yet and she might
as well use up the last vestiges of backbone and willpower
she had left.  Before long she decided that willpower would
be as worthless as a three-dollar bill.

     "Excellent Ally.  I believe you've conquered that last  bit
of anxiety.  Now let us continue...."

     "I have here a copy of the ad that you responded to. I
will now read it aloud."

     "In need of a female subject for long term training
program on my private island.  Subject must be natural
blonde, slim figure, and nicely endowed. Subject must be
drug and disease free and non-smoker. S&M, B&D are
involved. Subject must be willing to stay on island for
extended period of time...."

     "Ally, I am now going to ask you many questions. If  we
cannot resolve each question I will in all likelyhood  reject
you for admittance. Should you refuse to answer  even
one question you will be rejected.  Many questions  will
involve your personal life and very private matters.
Regardless you must answer them as truthfully as
possible, no matter how humiliating or upsetting the
answer may be.  Understand?"

     "Yes, OK."

     "Now first an easy question. Are you a natural  blonde?"
he asked.

     "Yes."

     "Excellent.  Have you ever used illegal drugs? There
are no drugs on the island.  A drug user would end up in
withdrawal in a day,"  he warned her.

     "I don't use drugs, don't drink, and don't smoke.  That
should cover all the bases there,right?"  Ally was a little
miffed at first but realized Alex was really only looking
out for both their interests.  She let him go on.

     "OK, good. Now a bit tougher one.  Do you have any
sexually transmittable diseases? And have you ever been
examined for them?"

     "Oh boy!"  she gasped.  " I have never been
examined".

     "Then you don't know!"

     "Mr. Davis.  I can personally guarantee I'm clean. I've
never used drugs, and I've never had a transfusion. So I'm
clean, OK!", Ally says in an extremely agitated manner.

     "Uh....Ohhhhh," Susan blurts out.

     "What.......What am I missing?"   Alex says in a very
confused manner. First he looks at Susan. Then he looks
at Ally. Then Susan, then Ally....

     Susan speaks up next. "Sir, if I may?"   He nods still  not
grasping the situation. "Ally dear,  please answer this
question.  How long has it been since you had a man?"
Ally shuffles in her seat.

     "Ahh........Well....Um...I kinda never.....," she blurts out
embarrassingly.

     "Augh.....For crying  out loud.  Are you trying to tell me
your a virgin?!!!  Remember our deal, up front and
truthful!".  Alex is a wee bit upset.  Virgins are not in the
game plan.

     "I'm sorry. I was raised by a very strict mother.  She
kept me from the local boys all her life. Is this going to be a
problem?"   Ally was visibly concerned.  She knew what
was coming.

     Alex spoke in a very official tone. "I'm sorry Ally.  This
isn't going to work at all.  We have a strict rule about
virgins.  You simply don't have enough experience to
make what we call an informed decision.  You see, I can
explain all the things that will be done to you but that
would never even come close to what the experience
would actually feel... like.  Unless you have that
experience you can't make a decision based on what sex
is like.  I'm sorry."

     "Alex, your full of it!"  Ally said with anger as her voice
began to crack.  Soon the tears would overcome her. She
had to continue, to fight for her right. Holding back the
tears as best as she could, she swallowed hard and went
on. "No one except those people on that island of yours
could know what it feels like to be a slave or master on
that island of yours. A few jumps in bed with someone isn't
going to give anyone enough experience to make a bit of
difference when it's compared with what might go on on
that island! Please, don't turn me away!"

     The tears were really streaming now.  Alex pulled out
his handkerchief and pushed it to Ally.  If Alex had one
weak spot it was a woman crying.  But he had to draw the
line somewhere.  He couldn't take in a virgin.  And
besides, who ever heard of a woman who looks like her
and is 24 years old....  Of course it would be easy to
find....  No, she's telling the truth.

     Susan broke the ice as Ally wiped her red swollen
eyes. "She's right you know.  She really doesn't know
what's involved and what these experiences will feel like,
but most of our slaves were in similar predicaments.  They
just didn't know what it feels like until they landed on the
island!  No one could until the are on the island."

     Ally saw her chance. She could see through the tears
that Alex was in a real dilemma. She knew he was playing
by rules that made no sense.  He had a willing subject.  All
he had to do was have an excuse.

     "Please, don't end this. I'll do anything for your. I... I...
I'll  grovel, I... I... I'll obey. I'll do anything! Please!".  Ally
was  really crying. Her voice was hoarse and her eyes
were bright red.

     "I'm sorry Ally, I can't",  he said with great
disappointment in his voice.  "Felix, please take Ally
home."

     "NNNNNNOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!........
PLEAAAAAAAASSSSEEEEE.... I've got nowhere else to
goooooo........,"  Ally balled.  She was now breathing
heavily, hyperventilating.  She was weak from all the
emotion leaking out of her.

     "Look, I came from a strict family too. Ally, look at
me."  She looked up. "Now listen. I'll have Felix drive you
home and we can get your family to....."

     Just then Ally's face twisted into a grotesque figure.
The mascara was running with the tears as they came
down in full force.  Her balling was coming between
labored breaths.  If someone didn't do something she
would probably faint.  Alex took her in his huge arms and
held her tight.  She returned the favor and wrapped her
arms around his. She buried her face in his jacket as he
did his best to comfort her.

     "What did I say?!!!!"  Alex asked Ally.

     Ally's breathing was slowing. She was regaining
control. Good. Now she would listen.  Alex pushed her
ever  so slightly away from him and looked  directly in her
eyes as he repeated, "Ally, tell me.  What did I say that
hurt you.".

     Ally took a hard swallow.  Alex took that as a queue.
He picked up Ally's half full glass of ice water and held it to
her lips. She thanked him. She took a deep breath and
gathered up a tiny bit of strength, just enough to make one
last stand and clear the air.

     "Alex, you don't understand. My parents are dead.
Didn't you read the newspaper? I really do have no one
left.  My mother, sister, her husband and her twin girls.
They're all gone! I need to be taken away from all this.
Please...."

     Memories dating back many years resurfaced in Alex's mind.  The
police coming to the door, the priest visiting him day after day,
greedy lawyers giving him fairy tales of how rich he could become; they
all came back to him.  But the most vivid memory was of the caskets
being lowered into the graves.  "That's my family!" he remembered a
seventeen year old boy saying to the priest.  "Who's going to take
care of me now?"  he asked the father.  "Sometimes, my son, God places
challenges before us to make us stronger.  He has placed a trememdous
challenge before you.  If you're strong, you will find an answer."

     It was then and there that Alex realized he was on his own.  He
took command of his own life.  The investments were his idea.  He did
the research on the stocks.  He made the decisions and took full
responsibility for the decisions.  But most of all he still missed
his parents.  He couldn't console every person that lost their parents,
but Ally could be helped.  It was their common thread.


     "That wasn't in the report!"  Alex said. "When did this
happen?" he said to Ally.

     "A month ago.  What report? What are you talking
about?"  Ally seemed confused.

     "You see, to expedite matters we use your phone
number with a special database that one of my companies
has to investigate criminal and civil activities. I'm sorry but
we have to protect ourselves."

     Alex knew he was in trouble now. He had a crying girl
in his arms begging for domination, and now she had a
hook into the softest flesh he had.  His heart.  He
could never resist a damsel in distress.  But still this had to
be hashed out with Susan and Felix.

     He released Ally as he said, "Ally, wait here."

     Ally did as she was told just sitting still.  Something
was wrong, or was something right?  She'd find out
shortly.

     Alex went over to a chair near the corner of the room
farthest from the double doors and placed the chair facing
the near wall, directly away from the double doors. He
gestured for Ally to come near.  He kissed her on the
forehead and told her to sit down.  "Just stay here, Ally.
The three of us have to talk in private,"  he said.

     With this he took up a brisk pace to the far end of the
room.  As he passed Susan, she rose and followed him.

     "I'm gonna take her. I'll probably hate myself but I  gotta
take her,"  Alex said.

     Everyone had a stern look on their face.

     Felix spoke. "Why? So she has no friends or family.
Let's just give her a little money and she can find friends.
A body like that!  And mom ain't around anymore to keep
her locked up. She's free to date now.  Admittedly a bit
late on the learning curve but with a body like that she
won't have any problems."

     Now it was Susan's turn. "Excuse me for saying so sir
but Felix is a pig.  Here's a young girl in emotional distress
like none of us have ever known.  Sorry sir, I didn't mean
you.  Give the girl money!  She'll go buy a .357 magnum
and splatter her pretty brains all over some wall."

     "Now who's being the pig Susan?"  Felix retaliated.

     "Anyway, she's willing, she's got no ties to job or
family. And the virginity thing is just a bunch of crap.  I say
let's continue with the interrogation, describe everything in
graphic detail as we always have and let her make the
final decision.  The description of what's involved will
probably scare her away anyhow,"  Susan argued.

     "So what do you say Felix?  Is Susan right?"  Alex
said.

     Felix's face quickly showed a grimace that slowly
melted into a smile. "Lady, I'd love to argue with you, but
your absolutely correct.  I see no reason to turn her down."

     "Great, It looks like the two of us will have another
pupil soon. Ha Susan.  Let's go tell the little thing the good
news, shall we?."

     Felix returned to the doors as Susan and Alex
approached Ally.

     "Ally, we can continue.  But first I want you to go with
Susan to the powder room and get cleaned up.  Your face
is a mess.  I want you to have complete control of your
senses when we continue the interrogation.  OK?"

     Ally looked at Alex with a face showing wanting and
desire.  Alex craned his neck down to kiss her lips but then
pulled away.  "No,  just as you need your head clear and
composed, I need to be in control of my faculties as well.
Later perhaps." Ally looked hurt but understood.  If
something else should come up that was reason for her
dismissal, a clear head might make him reason out the
problem and avoid the rejection.

     Susan rose as she said, " Come along dear."   Ally
walked over to Susan who promptly took her hand.  They
walked out together to the powder room.  As Ally cleaned
up her face with a bit of soap and water, Susan took out a
few makeup items since Ally's makeup was all but gone.
"Let me see dear.  Your eye shadow and mascara are all
but gone.  And the lipstick is all smeared, probably when
you buried your face in his shoulder. The rouge is gone as
well.  Here let's fix you up nice and pretty.  A pretty girl's a
happy girl, right?"

     "Yeah, but you do it. My hands are still shaking.

     "That's OK.  I'll take care of you."

     First Susan applied the lipstick.  It was the same color
that she wore. A very dark red.  Susan's skills with
makeup were very good. Alex liked lips to appear thin
and sensuous.  Susan did a fine job there.  Next she
applied the eye shadow,  this time with a dark brown with
a tint of red in it.  Susan applies the mascara only a bit
heavier than what Ally did.  And finally a burnt umber
rough to help frame the face.

     "Now little girl don't mess up my make-over or I'll be
very angry with you.  No more tears, OK?"

     "OK."

     Ally goes over to the mirror and takes a look at the job
Susan has done.  She sees a smiling, lovely blonde haired
girl staring back at her.  "You do beautiful work Susan,"
Ally said.

     "I can only enhance what is already there. Your
features make it easy for me.  Are you composed and in
control to continue the interrogation?  Is your head clear
yet?"

     "Yes, let's go.  I'm certain I can handle it now."

     "Don't be so sure. It's going to get much worse.  You'll
see."

     They walked back to the conference room and the  took
their positions as before.

     Alex began.  "Are you OK now?  Do you have
complete control of your senses, Ally?"

     "Yes, go ahead.  I can handle it."

     "Good.  Now this part of the interrogation will involve
simple yes and no answers for the most part.  Several of
the questions will be very personal and graphic, but you
have to be told up front, OK?"

     "Yeah, go ahead,"   Ally said with confidence. She
even managed to sit up a bit more straight and felt much
more confident.

     Susan and Alex took up their pens and checked off  the
topics that were inappropriate due to Ally being a  virgin.
Alex led the way.

     "Let's begin then," said Alex

     "Question 1."

     "Do you know what the terms bondage and discipline
mean?"

     "Yes."

     "Question 2."

     "Will you allow yourself to be tied and bound as
anyone desires, regardless of the misery you are put
through?"

     "Yes."

     "Question 3."

     "Will you allow yourself to be struck with a paddle or a
whip as your master or mistress so deems?"

     "Ye... Yes."

     "Ally, you hesitated on that answer.  Do you have a
problem with it?"  Alex said.

     "I'm afraid someone might get carried away and hurt
me real bad or something."

     "My promise, no permanent damage will be done to
you.  We have over twelve hundred slaves and none have
ever been intentionally harmed.  OK?  Do you still have a
problem with being whipped or paddled?"

     Ally looked Alex straight in the eye. "No, I have
absolutely no problem with it."

     "Good Ally.  I can see you have firm control of your
faculties.  Let us proceed."

     "Question 4."

     "A woman has three opening that can be used for
sexual pleasure.  Will you allow your sex to be entered?"

     "Yes."

     "Question 5."

     "Will you allow your mouth to be entered?"

     "Yes."

     'Question 6."

     "Will you allow your anus to be entered?

     "Yes."

     "Question 7."

     "Will you allow a phallus to be inserted into all three
openings? (I told you it would get graphic!)."

     "Yes," Ally said.

     "Question 8."

     "Have you ever read any erotic stories?"

     "Yes."

     "Which ones?"

     "All the Anne Rice Beauty novels, and Exit to Eden.
Never could find any Marquis De Sade stuff though.
Looked for months", she said.

     "How long has it been since you finished these
books?"

     "I finished the last book, Exit to Eden about three
months ago,"  Ally said.

     "Question 9."

     "Is there anything you wouldn't do in those books?

     "Yes."

     "What is that?"  Alex asked. He worried.  If she
couldn't do everything in those books then she would be
rejected.  He prayed they could work it out.

     "I don't think I could be a mistress.  I couldn't be that
cruel,"  Ally said.

     "Susan is a mistress, in fact she will be your mistress.
Has she been cruel to you? Of course not.  Remember
everyone that lands on the island does so because they
want to and they have all the facts up front as you are
receiving them.  Cruelty is when the slave is subjected to
things it does not agree to.  Can I convince you to change
your mind on this?"

      "Yes, OK."

      "Good."

     "Question 10, then."

     "Will you allow the use of nipple clamps? And will you
allow your nipples to be pulled and tormented as we see
fit?  I'll assume you know what they are since you read
Beauty."

     "Yes."

     "Question 11."

      Will you allow yourself to be displayed in public naked
and decorated with any objects your master or mistress
desires?"

     "Yes."

     "Question 12."

     "Will you crawl on your hands and knees for your
captor?"

     "Yes."

     "Question 13."

     "Will you allow your head to be locked in a padded  box
unable to hear see or smell anything?"

     "Yes."

     "Question 14.

     "Will you allow yourself to be hung by your arms or
legs?"

     "Yes.

     "Question 15.

     "The final question and the most important.  We need
to take many measurements of your body Ally,  especially
your orifices.  We need to measure your sex and backside
for diameter and your mouth for depth.  We also need to
measure your feet for shoe size and for the maximum size
heel you can wear. Accept all this and demonstrate
your submission by allowing me to plug all three openings
once your orifices are fitted and all your tasks at this
interview will be complete.", Alex explained.

     "Ally, do you accept?  This is your chance to
demonstrate that your really want to be a slave."  Alex
waited and prayed she would accept.

     Ally pondered the statement for a moment. "This was  it
girl," she was thinking to herself.  Do it or spend the rest  of
your life alone.  But she couldn't form the word.  She
started to shiver.

     At once Susan rose from the table and put her hands
on Ally's shoulders.  "Calm down Ally, and get control of
yourself.  Take another sip of water.  That's it. OK. Good.
Now Ally,  I want you to look deep into your  heart.  Tell
me what you want more than anything in the  world."

     Ally looked deep into her heart.  Her heart would rule
her.  She looked into that place where she always found
strength. She straightened up in the seat and said in a
slightly quivering voice, "I want my mother.  I want her
strength, her resolve, and most of all her love and
attention.  But now she's gone and I have no one to turn
to." Ally thought for a moment then in a confident and
steady voice said, "Or do I?  I accept all that you ask of
me.  You may measure me and plug me and I shall be
your totally obedient slave, forever, if you so desire."

     "And we shall tend to you with love and attention like
no other slave ever has,"  proclaimed Susan as she gave
Ally a big hug.

     "Yes you did quite well.  Now before you are fitted I
wish to inform you of the method by which you will go to
the island and the preparations that need to be made.
Today is Thursday. On Sunday at noon I will pick you up
and take you to my yacht.  I will arrange for all your
belongings to be kept safe and all your bills will be paid by
my organization.  I need the name of your bank.  I will, with
your power of attorney, place all your fund plus the
sum of $10,000 into a trust fund.  This money will be yours
should you ever leave the island.  One of my financial
services will maintain and reinvest the interest. You
need not pack anything. Do you have a strapless two
piece bikini?"

     "No, I don't. Sorry."

     Alex pulls ten twenties from his wallet.  "Buy one, and
a pair of red six inch heels. He tells her where she can
purchase them in L.A.  At noon on Sunday you will
be picked up by myself.  We should reach my 150 foot
yacht, the 'Pursuit of Happiness' by 1:00 PM.  You will be
taken to a specially prepared cabin.  There you will be
given a pill that you must swallow.  It is a extremely
powerful laxative and will purge all solid waste from your
system in about six hours. Every hour I will enter your
cabin and ask if you wish to continue.  You may say no
up till 12:01 A.M. Monday morning.  After that point you will
be committed and will have no say in what happens to
you.  Back to the laxative,  when I enter you will be
made to drink 8 oz. of water up until 4 PM. After that time
you will not be allowed to take anything by mouth.  The
ship will depart at 4 PM.  The trip will last 16 hours.  As
you may have noticed the halfway point of the trip is at
midnight.  After that you are a slave.  Understand so far?"

     "Yes I have no problem so far.  Just lead and I will
follow."

     "Excellent.  As I said the ship sails at 4 PM.  At that
point into the trip your bikini will be taken from you.  A
thick collar will be place around your neck and the buckle
will be secured with a bolt which is only accessible by
special wrench.  Your wrists will be likewise adorned.  We
will then attach them to the sides of the collar so as to train
you to where to keep your hands. Your lips will be spread
wide and a custom made combination phallus and bit will
enter your mouth.  We will measure for this device shortly.
You will be made to kneel in front of a mirror rising only to
use the toilet.  I may change this treatment slightly.  Can
you accept all this?"

     "Yes.  A thousand times yes."  At that point Ally sprung
from her chair and dropped to her knees.  She bent down
and kissed her master's and  mistress's feet.



                              Part 2  The Fitting

      Ally sits there at the large table and takes a deep breath.
How much time has passed during this inquisition? She has lost
all sense of time. It is then that she notices a wall clock above
the double doors. 4 PM, she realizes she's been here for three
hours.  Where did all the time go!  The saying "Time flies when
your having fun,"  came to her mind.  Was that what this was,
fun?  Perhaps, for even after all the arguing, pleading, and
crying that she had gone through she felt quite good now.  She
had conquered the situation.  But most importantly she would
be loved.  Her future master and mistress would care for her
and she would accept all that they did to her.  She could see the
love in their faces and hear the love in their voice.  She fully
comprehended now that they would know what she needed. And, she
would escape from her world of pain. She would no longer think of
the tragedy that had taken place only a few short weeks ago.
They would show her the way.  She was ready.

     Alex spoke.  "Ally, before we begin, do you have any
questions?  I don't want you to have any unanswered questions
before we begin the next step."

     Ally thought for a moment.

     Alex continued, "Do you have any fears or concerns about
what will happen to you, about anything at all?"

     Ally pondered what kind of risk would be involved.  "What
about pregnancy?  I don't want to get pregnant,"  she said with a
bit of concern.

     "Good question.  First, there is a fully equipped medical
center on the island with facilities to handle just about any
emergency. So all the medical procedures that are performed
are safe.  Our doctors have developed a special surgical clip
that they can attach to the tubes inside.  All women get this
done to them.  The clip can be removed by a similar procedure
and full function can be restored.  A similar clip is installed on
the male testicle creating a temporary vasectomy.  The surgeon
uses orthoscopic surgery techniques so there's little if any
scaring.  Can you accept this?  This is an important point.  I
must have missed it in my notes. "

     "Good," Ally said, "I was worried about that."

     "Sir,  you forgot something!  She needs to be examined before
the trip!"  said Susan.

     "She's a virgin;  Sorry Ally.  I was going to skip the doctor
visit.  I think she's safe,"  Alex said to Susan.

     "You can't do that sir.  What if she has something other than
STD?  There are many more ailments that could be contagious.
You can't take the chance of an epidemic.  We're not equipped
for it," argued Susan.

     "Damn, your right.  I wonder if we could get her in today."

     "The cultures and lab tests take three days, and it's already
Thursday,"   said Susan.

     "Ahh.... Nuts!  We aren't going to be able to do it this weekend,
are we.  Damn!"  said Alex with disgust.

     Ally looked astonished. "You mean the trip is off?  Nooooo....
Please."

     Alex gently grabbed her left wrist and looked in her eyes.
"Calm down Ally.  We're only going to delay it a week to give the
lab a chance to do the tests.  You'll still go."

     "But I don't want to wait.  I need this now. Please."

     "Ally," said Susan as she reached across the table and patted
Ally's other wrist, "we can't take the chance.  There's a
tremendous amount of body contact on the island.  Suppose you
have some dormant or undetected contagious disease.  There's
two thousand people on that island.  Do you want to be
responsible for starting an epidemic?  Ally, you have to accept
the fact that we have very good reasons for doing this."

     "OK,  I guess I can handle one week more.  But it will be
rough.  Your right.  Without an exam, you could never be sure,
could you?"   Ally said with resignation.

     "Good.  Any more questions?"  Alex said.

     "You said that you were going to put things in me.  Ah, how
do I put this...."

     "Are you worried about the sensation, or if it will hurt?"
volunteered Susan.

     "Will it?"

     "A bit, but it passes.  I'm plugged now.  You don't see me
squirming or grimacing in pain do you?"  said Susan.

     'You are?  I couldn't tell.  Well then what about ah..."

     "What Ally?"  said Susan, "Spit it out."

     "Ah... Hygiene,"  said Ally.

     "I see.  Your wondering about being plugged during your
period.  We use a drug that suppresses menstruation without
affecting sex drive.  Actually, we have a choice of several drugs
in case there is an allergic reaction. You won't have your
period.  Which is important to remember because you might
think you're pregnant when you miss your period if we hadn't
told you this.  Susan,  make a note to add this to the interview
info,"  said Alex.

     "Boy, you really have thought of everything!"  said Ally.

     "A lot of people have collaborated on this.  We brought in
some of the finest experts around the world to work out the
bugs.  And the key administrators meet at regular intervals to
suggest improvements.  The antimenstruation drug was
suggested by a number of female slaves just two months after
we got started.  We agreed that a woman goes through at least a
week of misery each month, perhaps more.  And we knew that
these drugs were safe.  We decided it wouldn't be right for the
girls to suffer from 'nature's cruelty',  as one of our female
administrators put it if there was a way we could stop it.  The
discomfort was also distracting the slaves' attention and in fact
there were several times when training sessions were delayed
or cancelled.  Something had to be done.  So now we use the
drugs,"   explained Alex.

     "The drugs are totally save?"   asked Ally.

     "We've been using them for many years now with no
problems.  Any more questions?"   asked Alex.

     "Nope, I guess that about covers it,"   said Ally.

     Alex shuffles through the list of info one more time.  " I just
want to make sure I haven't forgotten anything.  Susan, can you
think of anything I've missed?"

     "Nope. Oh wait.  Up near the top of the list,  we forgot....,"
said Susan.

     "Oh yes,"  said Alex.  Alex looked at Ally.  "Ally,  don't take this
the wrong way please. Do you have a sexual preference?"

     "What do you mean?  Oh....  You want to know if I want am
ah...,"  Ally stumbled.

     "Could you sleep with a woman, Ally?"  said Susan.

     "I don't know.  I'm a bit nervous about sleeping with a man.
Sleeping with a woman is something even more scary for me.  It
goes against my upbringing.  But something  inside says to try
it.  Could you make it part of my training?"  said Ally hesitantly.

     "Are you sure that's what you want, to be trained to make
love?"  said Susan.

     "Yes, in fact I kind of like the idea of it.  I have to accept the
fact that I'm, ah, inexperienced?   So I need to be taught anyway,
right?"  said Ally.  Ally smiled awkwardly.

     Susan smiled at Alex.  Alex smiled at Susan.  "That's correct
Ally.  I think we're ready,"  said Alex.

     Ally felt her heart race.  She wasn't sure that it was the joy of
getting through this first part or the fear of what was ahead.
The excitement inside her was building like she never felt
before.  She felt her nipples harden and the urge build between
her legs.  She forced herself to regain control of herself.  She
poured herself a little more water and drank it down.  That felt
good.

     At that point Susan looked at Alex.  Alex nodded.  Susan rose
from the table and walked around to Ally.  "Ally, we need to go
to the powder room again,"  said Susan.  Ally rose from her
chair and followed Susan to the powder room.  Again it was
empty. "Ally,  I want you to sit down and empty yourself as dry
as you can,  both bowels and bladder.  Take your time and try
not to strain too much."

     Susan led Ally to a stall and held the door open.  Ally sat and
the water came out.  Between the tension she had been under,
not to mention the fact that she had practically emptied the
pitcher of water by herself,  she had a lot to let out.  Her bowels
release it's waste as well but not very much.  She pushed harder
and felt another small load exit, but that was it.  Ally wiped her
bottom and stood.  As she reached for the handle Susan stopped
her.  "Let me take a look.  You didn't get much out of your
bowels.  Sit down and let your intestines rest. Then try again."

     Ally sat back down and looked up at Susan trying to explain.
"I haven't been eating much because of the pressure I've been
under.  Maybe there isn't any more,"   Ally said.

     "Just relax a few minutes.  I'm certain there's more,"  said
Susan.  She let her sit for a good five minutes then told Ally to
try again.  Ally strained as hard as she could and one large load
of liquid waste exploded from her backside.  She had diarrhea.
She emptied the last of the waste from herself and wiped herself
once more.  Susan looked in the toilet and then flushed it.
"Good, now lift your skirt. I need to examine you before we
measure you."

     Ally lifted her skirt as she was told and Susan bent down.
Susan then pulled the panties down slightly so she could get a
clear view of Ally's sex. Susan began running her finger into the
slit and began to explore. "Your very tight. You really are a
virgin aren't you.  You've never even been penetrated
artificially either,have you?"  said Susan.  Susan pulled Ally's
panties back up and rose.  Ally released her skirt.

     "No."

     "To measure you, we're going to have to open you.  It's going
to hurt.  Are you sure your up to it?"   asked Susan.

     "It's has to be done eventually. I can handle it, I hope,"  said
Ally.

     "I think you can too,"  said Susan as she put her arms around
Ally and gave her a big hug. Susan felt Ally accept her caress.
Susan release Ally and then placed both of her hands on Ally's
shoulders and looked  right into her eyes.  "It's OK to be a little
nervous. I'm going to take care of you, OK?"  Susan said as she
smiled ever so slightly.  Ally's face slowly broke out into a smile
as well.  "Let's go then, shall we?"

     The two girls returned to the dining room.  Alex had
returned to his seat and was waiting patiently.  "Is she ready?"
he said as he looked at Susan.

     Susan looked at Alex and said, "She's ready, but we'll have to
open her before we measure her sex.  She's never been
penetrated at all.  I may need your help."

     "Sure, no problem.  Ready Ally?"  said Alex.

     "Ready,"   said Ally with a big smile.

     "Wonderful,"  said Alex.  Alex rose. At that point Felix opened
the double doors and exited.  "Felix will prevent anyone from
disturbing us.  Come with me.  You can leave your handbag
here,"   Susan said.  Susan took Ally's hand gently and led her to
Alex.  As the two girls approached, Alex turned to ward the
single door in the corner.  He reached into his pocket and
pulled out a key. He opened the door. They all stepped inside.
Alex reached for a light switch beside the door and Ally realized
that this actually was a large walk in type of  supply closet.
Several shelves of office supplies lined the otherwise
unexceptional walls. Susan then closed the door.  Alex walked
to the rear of the closet and pulled out another key but there
was no keyhole visible that Ally could see.  Then Alex pressed
his fingers against the trim of one of  the cabinets and slid it to
the side to reveal a small keyhole.  He inserted the key and
turned it.  A distinct click could be heard and the entire cabinet
and wall section moved ever so slightly.  Alex returned the key
to his pocket and slid back the molding into its original
position.  Then Alex opened the hidden door fully.  Behind it
was a stairway leading down and back toward and under the
dining room.  Alex flicked another switch and lights illuminated
the way down.  Susan let Ally down as Alex closed the door
behind them.  Susan felt Ally's breathing quicken and she told
her to try and relax.  When they reached the bottom of the stairs
Susan reached for a switch on her left.  Several overhead lights
came on revealing the workshop where Ally would be measured.

     The workshop was  about fifty feet long by thirty feet wide.
The walls were all lined with wood paneling and several
harnesses, paddles, whips, and  other 'tools', some of which Ally
was sure would be used on her. Toward the rear and off to the
left was an archway that led into darkness.  Along  the wall next
to the archway were  two leather office chairs, a table, and two
more leather chairs.  But dominating the room were three
tables in the center of the room.  All three were lightly padded
and upholstered in black leather.  The center table was the
largest, easily capable of holding a person.  The sides of the
table were enclosed in cherry veneer and had several drawers
in it.  At the end of the large table there was a similarly padded
shelf that protruded from the end of the table and was
supported by some sort of bracket from underneath.  There
were three or four straps hanging from the edge of this small
platform.  Ally surmised that this was to hold a person's head.
Additional straps hung from the main part of the table as well.
Plus there were several eye hooks at various places around the
table.  The two other tables were shorter and didn't have the
head support.  They still had the hooks however  The table to
the right had two steel columns three inches in diameter at the
end  that stood about six feet high and a third steel column at
the center on the opposite end of the table.. Near the top were
one inch  diameter silver colored rings and about half way up
were two eye hooks.  The sides of this table also was lined with
cherry veneer and had a cabinet instead of drawers with two
doors decorated with brass knobs.  The table to the left was of
similar length as the table on the right with, again, various
straps and eye hooks. This table had no columns however.
There were pipes and hoses around the sides and the underside
of the table appeared to have a large bowl shaped object about a
foot deep and as wide as the table just under the table proper.
A four inch wide pipe extended from the bowl to the floor
through a shelf about six inches from the bottom of the steel
legs that supported the whole thing.

     Susan led Ally to one of the chairs on the far wall.  Alex
followed them.

     Alex spoke.  "Ally, I need for you to remove all your jewelry
first and place it neatly on the table here."  Ally looked at Alex
then went to work removing her earrings, rings and the gold
chain around her neck.  She neatly placed them on the table.
"Now remove your skirt please,"   Alex ordered.  Ally felt a
twinge of fear, which she quickly subdued.  Ally sat and began
to slip off her heels to make it easier to remove the skirt but
then Alex spoke.  "No, Ally, only remove the items I tell you."
She replaced the one shoe she had just slipped off and then
reached for the band around the skirt. She undid the catch and
slipped off the skirt.  At that point the blouse she was wearing
fell down to cover her below the waist.  She gently tossed the
skirt  onto the table.  Alex again had to correct her.  "Please pick
the skirt back up, fold it neatly and put it back on the table.  I
want you to be careful with each item I tell you to remove.  Fold
each piece of clothing neatly and lay it on the table.  Also do not
pile any piece of clothing on top of another.  Now remove your
blouse."  Ally unbuttoned the last couple buttons and removed
the blouse.  She held it by the collar and carefully brushed out
all the wrinkles.  Then she folded the blouse in half along it's
length and laid it carefully on the table.  She realized that the
clothes laid out on the table had taken up all the tabletop and
she realized that she was going to have to remove the remaining
clothes,  she rearranged the clothes to make more room. Alex
complemented her on her initiative.  "Good, Ally."  Alex stepped
back a step and took in the beautiful girl revealed to him now.
On a scale of one to ten she was a fifty.  "Ally, your are a very
lovely lady,"   said Alex. "Thank you,"  said Ally in a small
whisper.  Alex heard the nervousness in her voice.  "Are you OK,
Ally?  Are you sure you want to go on?"  asked Alex.  "Uh huh,
I'm just a little nervous,"   Ally said.  "That's perfectly normal.
Now I need for you to remove your garter belt, panties, and bra
and place them on the table neatly."  She unfastened the garter
belt from her stockings and placed it on the table, carefully
folding the straps on top of the lace.  Then she pulled down the
panties and slipped them over the heels. During this she caught
the panties on the heel of the shoe due to her nervousness, but
she got them off without tearing them nonetheless.  Then she
reached behind her to undo the catch to her bra.  But her
fingers were sweaty and shaking.  She was having a difficult
time of it when Susan came up behind her.  "Here honey, I'll get
it,"  said Susan.  A "Thank you" escaped from Ally's lips as the
catch was released.  Ally removed the bra revealing the two
most perfectly rounded breasts that Alex had ever seen.  Ally
placed the bra, her last shield from prying eyes on the table.
She started to raise her hands to her breasts but Susan grabbed
her wrists from behind and told her to keep her hands at her
side.  Ally relaxed and let her hands drop to her side.

     "Very nice Ally. Now you may remove your heels and
stockings,"  said Alex.  She did so and placed the stockings on
the table and the shoes on the floor.  Alex then told her to put
the shoes on the table as well.  She did so setting them neatly
next to each other.  "Now, come with me,"  said Alex.

     Ally was led to the center table.  "Susan, she's all yours," Alex
said.

     "Thank you sir.  Ally, sit on the edge of this table please
facing me,"  Susan said as she patted the center table.  Susan
then pulled open the top left drawer and took out a strange
device.  It was a pair of  manacles that were joined by a three
inch wide piece of steel that left about six inches between the
each wrist.  The manacles were designed similar to a handcuff
in the fact that they could be tightened to any size wrist. The
steel was very thick,  perhaps half an inch thick.  In the center
of the steel piece was a hole with a locking ring attached to it.
"Ally, hold out your hands in front of you, palms facing each
other,"   Susan said.  Ally did as she was told.  Susan put the
device on each wrist and closed the cuffs.  Ally started to shake.
"Are you still OK,  Ally?  Should we proceed?"  Susan asked.  Ally
nodded.  "I'm OK.", Ally said and even managed to break out a
smile.

     Alex in the mean time was beginning to get hard.  Bondage
for him was the ultimate rush.  In fact many times he didn't
even care about having sex as long as he could control someone.
This he had found out over the years was his biggest flaw.  But
he accepted this and would exercise proper control when the
time was right.  But now all he wanted to do was enjoy the
scene before him.  He rubbed himself a bit then went to the far
side of the table.  When he reached the opposite side Susan
spoke.

     "Now Ally, swing your feet up and lie down on your back.
Allow us to properly position you."  Ally swung her feet up then
laid back.  Susan and Alex helped pull her to the head of the
table so her head rested on the small extension table.

     Alex, having touched the soft skin of Ally's back when he
helped her lie down was really getting warm.  Susan reached for
Ally's bound wrists when Alex stopped her.  He looked at Susan
and smiled.  "I want to do this.  I haven't done one in quite a
while.  Whatta ya say?"

     "Sure, your the boss.... Boss,"  Susan said.

     At that point Alex grabbed a handful of Susan's hair with his
right hand, pulled her to him and planted a big kiss on her
luscious red lips.  Then he looked down at Ally and smiled.  He
grabbed Ally's bound wrists and pulled them up and behind her
head.  He then pushed the steel plate onto a protruding steel
rod about one inch in diameter that had a quarter inch wide
groove cut into it.  When he pushed the manacles onto the rod a
click was heard as the locking ring took hold.  Ally's hands were
firmly attached to the head rest.

	Alex then looked into Ally's eyes and smoothed her hair.
He could see she was scared but she could talk freely and ask to
leave if she wanted to .  She remained silent.  "Listen to me Ally.
In a moment we are going to begin fitting your mouth.  When
we do , of course, you won't be able to talk.  As I said before, if
you want, you can end this right up until Midnight on the day of
your voyage.  We must give you a way of telling us that you
want to stop.  So we'll use what we call an SOS signal.  If it gets
too much for you and you want to end it, grunt three times fast
like this.  Ugggh..Ugggh...Ugggh.  Then we'll stop, allow you to
get dressed and take you home.  Otherwise we'll continue.
Understand?"  asked Alex. "Uh huh",  she said. "God I'm so
scared," Ally said.  Alex looked at her and wiped a tear from her
cheek.  "Do you want to stop?"  he asked.  "No,  do it!" she
demanded.  Alex patted Ally on the forehead.  "OK, good,"  Alex
said.

     Alex then took the fingers of his left hand and gently
rested them on Ally's forehead.  As he did so Susan picked up a
small electronic box with a wire running into a plug on the back
of the table and handed it to Alex.  Alex pressed one of the
buttons and watched as the headrest began to tilt down.  Alex
kept light pressure on Ally's forehead as the headrest swung
away.  When he felt her head stop going down he released the
button and press another button and raised the headrest
slightly until her head was just lightly touching.  He played
with the buttons a bit more until he had Ally's head just off the
headrest by a small fraction of an inch.  Then he took one of the
straps and applied it firmly around Ally's forehead pulling her
head into firm contact with the headrest.  Then he buckled a
second strap at her neck. This was a wide strap and he pulled it
down just tight enough so she wouldn't choke.  But with her
head back this far, the strap around her neck pulled down on
the muscles that open and close the mouth.  This forced her
mouth wide open, which was exactly the purpose of the
contraption.  She could only close her mouth with great
difficulty.

     Alex then opened the large center drawer.  He pulled out four
straps which he attached to the eye hooks and buckled.  One
was placed under Ally's armpits and just above her breasts.
One was strapped at her waist, one above her knees and finally
one across her calves.  Ally was now totally helpless.

     Alex then went around to the side of the table and pulled
open the drawer directly underneath where Susan had gotten
the manacles.  This drawer was a bit deeper to hold some of the
larger 'tools' he would need.  He pulled out one of several
phallus holders.  This device was a stainless steel tube about
four inches long.  At one end of the tube were two leather
coated stainless steel bars that protruded from opposite sides of
the tube.  The leather crossed the tube between the bars. If the
device were held by the tube it would look like a 'T'.  A leather
belt was fastened to the leather sheathing of each bar.  Finally
through the center of each bar was a long set screw with a
knurled silver knob about a half inch in diameter that was on
the end.  When the set screws are tightened the screws press on
anything inside the tube.  Etched into the tube just below where
the leather crossed the tube was the number '1.25'. This was the
outside diameter of the metal tube and the leather combined.

     Alex went back to Ally's head and placed the device into her
mouth.  He examined the stretch of her cheek muscles and
determined that this tube was just a bit too small,  He went
back to the drawer and exchanged the device for one that said
'1.5' on it.  He returned to Ally and placed this between her
teeth.  Then he examined her cheek muscles again and like
what he saw.  As the final test he took one of the straps and fed
it under her neck and up the other side.  Then he buckled the
strap and pulled it taunt.  This had the effect of pulling the
device further into Ally's mouth, with the leather coating over
the tube preventing any damage to her teeth and the bars
pressing against her cheeks.  The device was well constructed.
They even thought to put the buckle on the side of the head
because the back of the head wouldn't be accessible on the table
that Ally was strapped to.  Alex then unfastened the buckle and
went to the drawer directly beneath the center drawer where
he had gotten the straps.  Opening it revealed twenty or so
stainless steel phalluses of various sizes each easily a foot long
with a gold colored metal ring mounted on the very end.  Each
phallus sat in a labeled slot in the drawer.  Alex grabbed the 1.5
inch phallus and inserted it into the tube base first from the end
that enters the mouth first.  The phallus had a slightly enlarged
head on it of standard design so it could only be installed one
way.  That was why he had removed the device from Ally's
mouth.

     Alex pushed the phallus all the way up so only the head
protruded.  He then went back to Ally and placed the device
back into Ally's mouth.  Alex again fed the strap under her head
and buckled it tight.  Ally gave a little moan due to the fact that
Alex had put a bit more tension on the strap so he could make
sure it was pulled home.  Susan then handed Alex a scribing
tool similar to a pencil.  He palmed it in his left hand then, after
making sure the thumbscrews were loose, began pushing the
phallus into Ally's mouth.  The phallus moved about two and a
half inches when Ally started to gag.  Alex pulled the phallus
back slightly, to allow Ally to recover.  Once she did,  Alex
talked to her.  "I want to mark the point where you begin to gag
Ally.  That means I'm going to have to lock the phallus in place
when you start to gag.  Try and breath through your nose and
try to suppress the gagging. OK, here we go. And keep your eyes
open so I know you haven't passed out."

     With that Alex again started feeding the phallus into Ally's
mouth.  He had just moved it a half inch when she started to
gag.  Alex held the phallus in place and tightened both
thumbscrews.  Ally continued to gag but was obviously trying to
stop herself.  She was breathing heavily through her nose.  Alex
took the etching tool and scribed a line on the phallus where it
exited the tube.  After that he checked to see if  Ally was still
conscious.  She was and she had stopped gaging, but only
because she was fighting it.  He loosened the thumb screws and
pulled the phallus all the way back. Then he pushed the phallus
in again to the gag point to see if Ally would gag again when the
phallus reached the mark.  She did and he pulled the phallus
back about a quarter of an inch.  Then he tightened the
thumbscrews again.  Finally he looked down at Ally.  "Ally, now
your fitted properly.  We'll take measurements from the device
and make a one piece unit for you.  Grunt once if you want to
continue."

     "Urrgggh,"  Ally grunted.

     Susan began to undo Ally's bonds when Alex stopped her.
"No, let her rest here and get used to the bit.  I think we both
need a break."

     Alex then took Susan by the hand and headed toward the
archway at the back of the room leaving Ally alone.  As they
started to leave Ally grunted past the gag as loud as she could.
Susan approached Ally and saw tears flowing from her eyes.
"We'll be right back honey.  I think you got our  friend excited.  I
need to go into the back room and take care of him, OK?  You'll
be fine.  Now try and get used to the bit.  You're going to be
wearing one for quite some time when we get on the boat."
Susan patted Ally on the cheek and went to Alex.  They exited
through the archway.  Ally was alone.

     Ally's fears were at their peak  She was alone secured to a
table with a rod shoved into her mouth.  She could feel the rod
pressing against both the base of her tongue and the roof of her
mouth.  The fit was very tight.  She felt like she couldn't go on.
She closed her eyes and thought of her mother.  Her mother
would be ashamed of what she was allowing them to do.  She
had to end this.  It was too much. But how.  "The SOS, I'll use the
SOS," she thought,"Then I'll go home to my apartment and....
And what?  Nothing, empty space, four walls and nothing to do,
no one to care for, no one to love me.  Please forgive me mother.
I love you dearly by I can't turn back. Nothing's worse than
being alone,"  she thought.  Ally's thoughts released her from
her fears.  She finally realized that it wasn't her mother's
strength that she'd been drawing on for all these year.  It was
her own.

     So Ally began to accustom herself to the bit.  She tried a
couple different positions for her tongue and found that the
best position was to just relax the tongue with it pushed as far
forward as possible.  Next she tried to slow her breathing and
think happy thoughts.  She thought about how loving her
captors were each time she showed them her fear.  How they
hugged and caressed her.  Her breathing became slow and
relaxed.  She would be OK.

     Alex and Susan went down the hallway that led from the
archway to a small parlor.  Upon entering the room Alex
grabbed Susan by the hair and kissed her wildly.  "Oh boy, what
a rush!"  Alex said between labored breaths.  Susan, do me now
before I make a mess. OH, GOD!!!"   Alex led Susan to the couch
where he plopped himself on his back.  He hurriedly unbuckled
his pants as Susan practically leapt at his organ.  She firmly
planted it into her mouth, sucking and massaging it with her
lips.  She had hardly gotten her lips around when Alex let loose.
It was a big one and Susan did all she could to swallow.
Afterwards it started to go limp so she worked at his member
harder, licking and caressing, cleaning it from top to bottom.
After what seemed an eternity of pleasure, Alex said, "We'd
better get back to our guest.  She must be in an awful state by
now."

     Susan raised her head from his shaft and shook her head.
"No, let her learn to get used to the bit.  It's only been five
minutes by the wall clock.  I think she needs a little time to
relax, to collect her thoughts.  She'll be fine." Alex zipped up his
pants and took Susan in his arms.  "You really know how to do
this, don't you?"  Alex said to Susan who had moved over to a
small sink to wash her mouth out.  "I was the first person
strapped to one of those tables, remember?  I know what she's
going through. She's debating in her mind whether this is what
she really wants.  She's defying her mother's upbringing.  She's
thinking how ashamed her mother would be of her at this
moment.  But she'll realize that she needs the attention she'll
get if she surrenders herself to us.  She just needs a little time."

     "How long do you think she'll need?"  Alex said.

     "Give her another twenty minutes, a half hour total."

     They waited the additional twenty minutes and returned to
Ally.  They found her dozing.  She had gotten so relaxed that she
had actually fallen asleep.

     "Wake up Ally,"  Alex said as he gently patted Ally's cheek.
"Time to move on."

     Ally woke and if she could smile she would have.  Susan and
Alex undid all the straps and released the catch that was
holding her manacles to the headrest.  As Alex released Ally's
hands he warned her not to try and remove the phallus.  It was
to stay on until she was fully measured and fitted.

     Alex and Susan each put a hand under Ally's shoulders and
helped her to a sitting position.  As they were lifting her she
tried to lower her head.  She immediately gagged.  Alex grabbed
Ally's hair and pulled her head back so her neck was straight.
She stopped gagging and returned to normal breathing.  When
she was fully upright Alex warned her,  "You've got to keep your
chin high or you'll gag.  The end of the phallus is practically in
your throat.  When you lower your head you force it in deeper.
That's why we fit you with your head tilted back. Now try and
lower your head gently. If you stick your neck out a bit and pull
back your shoulders it will be more comfortable.  Try it."  Ally
lowered her head until the phallus started to gag her then
quickly raised it. Then she pushed her neck out and pulled back
her shoulders and found she could lower her head a bit more.
Her face was angled so that her chin was about an inch higher
than if her head were level.  Not much but enough to keep her
uncomfortable.  If she relaxed her neck or shoulders she had to
tilt her head back to keep from gagging.  Eventually her body
worked out a set of natural reflexes that allowed her to keep
her head at the right angle while she kept the shoulder and
neck muscles at the proper amount of tension.

     Susan pulled open the right bottom drawer and pulled out a
device similar to those foot measuring tools found in shoe
stores.  She lifted Ally's right leg and measured her foot for
length and width.  It was only then that she realized how large
yet narrow Ally's feet were.  "Eleven B!"  she said to Alex.  She
released Ally's leg and grabbed her left foot.  "This one is just a
hair wider,"  she said after taking the reading.  "We'd better go
with a C width.  A B width would probably be too
uncomfortable,"  said Alex.

     Susan returned the measuring device to the drawer and then
helped Ally off the table.  Ally was then led to the wall on the
left side of the room to a strange device.  It consisted of the heel
end of two shoes made out of metal that were attached to rods
that went into a wide metal platform. The heels were about two
inches above the platform.  The heels had leather ankle straps
on them and a small metal loop on both sides of each heel.
About seven feet up a steel beam extended from the wall and a
heavy chain hung from it with a clip of some sort on the end.
Alex explained that they were now going to measure how high a
heel she could tolerate.  She was then led onto the platform.

     Alex took Ally's hands, still manacled, and pressed the
bracket onto the rod that was similar to the one on the table.
Her arms were almost fully extended slightly below shoulder
height.  Next they placed Ally's feet into the heels and strapped
her in.  Next Alex went to a small table next to the contraption
and took two items that were in fact the toes of a pair of shoes.
They were about two inches long with a metal sole and leather
uppers.  Attached to the sides of these were a pair of elastic
straps.  These toe pieces were fitted onto Ally's feet and the
elastic was pulled and attached to the loops on the sides of the
heels.  They just barely covered her toes.  Ally realized that the
metal pieces were magnetic.  The magnets were not strong
though as she could easily lift her toes off the platform.

     Then Alex took the chain that was hanging from the beam
and fed it through the loop of the phallus.  He tilted Ally's head
back and pulled the chain up.  There was a long spring device
hidden inside the beam that Ally hadn't noticed before.  But she
did now as Alex pulled very hard to compress the spring.  He
continued to pull until the chain reached a metal loop on the
beam.  The chain had been pull about eighteen inches and was
fairly strong

     "This will keep you standing up straight as we check your
heels.  Now Ally, the heels you are strapped into are attached to
pistons inside the platform.  The toes you are wearing, as you
have already noticed, are magnetic.  The platform has sensors
in it which will tell us how high the heels are and whether
either of your toes have been pulled off the platform.",  Alex
explained.  "All you need to do is try and keep from lifting your
toes.  Grunt once for me if you understand".

     "Urrrgggh,"  Ally grunted.

     "Good, then here we go,"   Alex said.  Alex flicked a switch on
a control panel mounted to the right of the platform and several
digital displays and lights lit up.  The displays went through
some random displays and the lights blinked on and off.  The
device was actually calibrating and testing itself. After ten
seconds or so the lights and displays steadied.  The panel
consisted of two large led displays mounted side by side
showing the height of each heel.  Both displays read '2.00'.
Directly above each display were two lights, one red and one
green.  Under the lights was a small sign that read 'Contact'.
The green lights above each display were lit.  Under each
display was a rocker switch, one marked 'Left' and the other
marked 'Right'.  Between these switches was a third switch
marked 'Both'.

     "OK Ally, I'm going to raise your heels.  Try and keep your
toes on the platform,"   Alex said.  He then pushed the top part of
the switch marked 'Both' and Ally's heels began to rise. As her
heels began to rise, Ally was expecting the tension to ease on
the chain attached to the phallus.  But then she realized that
the beam was moving upward at the same rate as her heels. Ally
was pulled upright as her heels were lifted. Alex didn't look at
Ally though.  He kept his attention focused on the displays and
the contact lights.  When the displays each read '7.00'  the left
contact light went out and the red light came on.  He released
the button and the green light came back on as Ally wiggled her
left heel slightly and was able to stretch her toe back to the
platform. Susan then bent down and examined Ally's feet.  She
readjusted the ankle straps so they wouldn't cut into Ally's feet
so bad.  Then she turned a wing nut on the rear of each heel and
this tipped the heel forward slightly.  Ally's toes were now much
more easily planted on the platform.

     "How's she doing?"  Alex asked Susan.

     "She's fine.  I've tipped the heels forward about five degrees.
I can go another ten if we need to. Lift her up to eight,"  said
Susan.

     Alex pressed the button again and Ally's heels rose again.
"Eight!"  Alex said.  Alex looked at the lights. Both sets of lights
were switching from red to green and back again as Ally
strained to  keep her toes planted.  Susan, seeing this gave the
wing nuts another turn or two and Ally's heel shifted forward
again.  "That's fifteen degrees.  I can't tilt her heels any farther
forward without risking damage.  Try eight and a half.  I think
we'll lose contact before we get there though,"  Susan said as she
looked up from her kneeling position.  Alex hit the up button
one more time the displays inched upward.  As he approached
8.3 inches he started jogging the switch and releasing it.  The
contact lights stayed green.  '8.4', still green.  '8.5'  still green.
No wait. The lights started to flicker.  "That's as high as she can
go,"   Alex said to Susan.  Susan nodded.

     "Do we have any size 11-C with an 8.5 heel?"   Alex asked
Susan.

     "I'm not sure we have an 11-C at all.  Let me go back and
check," said Susan.  Susan disappeared through the archway
leaving Ally with Alex.  "You're doing fine honey.  Just try and
relax as best as you can."  Alex then petted Ally's hair.  Ally set
out a sigh through the gag.

     Susan returned after a short time with two shoe boxes.  "I
found two pair of 11-C's.  But the highest heel we have is a 7.5;
the other is a 6.0," she said.

     "7.5 is fine.  What color are the 6.0's by the way?", asked Alex.

     "Wait, let me look. Pink,"  Susan replied.

     "Great.  Are they locking or free?", asked Alex.

     "Both sets are locking.   Remember, we have to put in a
special order for some 8.5's.  We don't stock them on the island.
I've never seen anyone with such supple ankles.  Wait, didn't
her sheet say her hobby is ballet?  That's why!  All those toe lifts
have loosened up her ankle muscles,"  said Susan.

     "Yea, your probably right.  Anyway, let's take her down and
try on the 7.5's.  We can save the 6.0's for the voyage.  You just
saved her a trip to the shoe store."  With that Alex pressed the
down button and Ally's heels dropped to their original position.
Alex reached up and released the chain while Susan placed her
hand on the neck of Ally to help prevent her from dropping her
chin too much.  When Ally regained control of her neck muscles
and could keep her chin up, Susan took her hand away.  Alex
bent down then and removed the toe pieces and released the
ankle straps.  Ally heels were on solid ground again.  Finally
Alex released the catch that held Ally's manacles to the wall.

     Ally was led over to the chairs by her clothes once more and
was seated.  Susan opened the box that held the 7.5 inch heels
and took one out.  It was black with a huge heel on it.  The ankle
strap had a catch on it and fit into a small lock.  When the strap
was put on, Ally wouldn't be able to remove them without a key.
Susan found the key attached to a long chain in the box.  She
took the key and put the chain around her own neck. On the
back of the shoe was a loop of leather which held a small metal
ring.  .Susan took Ally's feet and put the 7.5 inch heels on her.
The ankle straps slipped into their latch with a distinct click.

     All this time Alex was sitting next to Ally, holding her head
high by the ring on her phallus.  At the same time he petted her
hair gently.  When Susan was done Alex, pulled on the phallus
and lifted Ally by it.  Ally groaned.  Then, when Ally had gained
her balance, Alex released her.  She could barely stand on the
heels and they hurt too.  She shifted her weight from leg to leg
and eventually she got used to the heels to some degree.  "Walk
around a bit, honey," Susan said.  Ally took a few steps and
almost stumbled.  Then she slowed her pace and began to get a
feel for the heels.  She walked to the far end of the room and
back.  "Very good Ally, but now I want your to lift your knees
very high and march once to the far wall and back again.  I'll be
right beside you."  Ally turned to face the far wall and began to
march.  Susan was next to her the entire time ready to catch her
but Ally had no trouble marching.

     "You're doing lovely sweetheart.  Now I want every step you
take to be with your knees lifted high.  I want you to march
everywhere you go, understand?  Grunt once if you do,"
demanded Susan.  "Arrggh,"  grunted Ally.

     "Good, now march around the room.  Keep going until we tell
you to stop,"  commanded Susan.  Ally started marching.  Susan
and Alex had taken seats next to each other in the mean time.
Ally marched on, keeping her head high and lifting her knees.
As she marched she allowed her mind to empty.  No fear, no
anxiety, just the knowledge that these two people were going to
show her the way to peace of mind and happiness.  She marched
on, knowing she was pleasing these people who would become
her owners and that made her happy.

     After two laps around the room Susan and Alex told her to
stop.  Ally was then led to the table with the columns.  Alex
grabbed Ally under the arms and lifted her onto the table
between the two columns.  The table was slightly convex and as
Alex laid her down, her back was arched.  The area near her
shoulders curved away even sharper.  Again Ally's head was
tilted back but not as far an on the large table.  A chain was
attached to the ring on the phallus and Ally's head was pulled
back.  The chain was attached to the post above her head.  Then
Alex opened up the cabinet under the table and took out a small
rod with two chains attached to it.  The rod was plugged into
the hole in Ally's manacles.  The two chains were then threaded
through the upper rings on the posts at Ally's hips, pulled
down and hooked into the eye hooks.  Ally's arms were pulled
forward and up while her head was held back by the chain on
the phallus.  Next, Alex went into the cabinet again and took out
two more chains.  These he attached to the rings on the back of
Ally's heels.  He threaded these as well through the rings at the
top of the columns and attached them to the same eye hooks.
Now Ally was spread eagle.  Finally Alex took out two belts that
he attached to rings on either side of the table and applied one
belt just under Ally's arms and another just above her hips..
Alex closed the cabinet then and said to Susan,  "You've got to
do this one.  I'd be too rough."

     Without saying another word Susan put her finger in
between Ally's legs and felt her insides.  "Dry!"  she exclaimed.
We'll need to help her a bit.  Susan went over to the large table
and opened the drawer with the phalluses.  She took out a one
inch, foot long phallus.  Then she went to the larger drawer on
the left that had held the phallus holder and retrieved a 'D'
shaped handle.  Susan twisted the ring on the phallus and
removed it.  Then she inserted the phallus into the handle and
twisted it.  A bolt inside the handle took hold and the handle
was threaded onto the phallus.  Finally Susan opened the
bottom center drawer.  This contained many different types of
lubricants and creams.  Susan took a jar marked 'MS' on the lid
and closed the drawer.

     Susan walked back and took a position between Ally's legs.
"Your gonna use 'MS' on her, huh.  Good idea.", said Alex.

     "She needs as much lubrication as we can give her.  Even so
it's gonna hurt like hell.", Susan said.

     Alex walked back to Ally and gently caressed her cheeks and
smoothed her hair.  "In a moment Susan's going to apply some
creme between your legs.  You're going to feel a little warmth
followed by an urge to masturbate.  Susan's going to massage
your insides until you do.  Don't hold back anything, OK?  We
need you as wet as possible so when we open you the phallus
will slide better and not injure you,"  Alex explained.  Then he
nodded to Susan.  Susan opened the jar of cream and took a
large dollop in her right hand and with her left hand spread
Ally's nether lips and inserted the cream.  Then she took her
finger and pushed it all the way in and spread the cream
around while massaging her.  Ally immediately went wild,
moaning past the gag and straining against the restraints.
Susan ignored her and took another dollop and repeated the
process.  Ally's moaning became intense.  She bucked and shook
but couldn't come free.  She burned inside horribly.  All of a
sudden she felt a huge urge to masturbate but held it back.
"She's starting to come,"  said Susan.  "Let it go honey.  Just let it
go,"  said Alex.  All at once Ally released her juices and let out a
huge moan past the gag.

     Now she was wet and well lubricated.  Susan then grabbed
the phallus with the D handle and smeared cream on it.
"Ready?  Here we go honey,"  Susan said to Ally.  Susan then
pressed the tip of the phallus into Ally.  It went in about an inch
before Ally started moaning past the gag again.  "It's OK honey,
just try to bear with it. It'll all be over in a minute.  Bite down
on the gag.  It'll help,"  said Alex as he held her head in his
hands.  Ally forced her breathing to slow and bit down on the
gag.  Alex nodded and Susan drove the phallus in deep.  Ally
screamed past the gag.  For some time Ally groaned loudly.
Susan had left the phallus in place and walked up beside Ally.
"Try and relax honey.  It always hurts the first time", said Susan
as she joined Alex in stroking Ally's face.  Ally's tears were
flowing freely now as she felt her insides plugged.  Susan saw
her tears and wiped them away   Eventually she became
accustomed to the feeling inside her and the pain eased.  Ally's
groans and gyrations  all but stopped.  Susan then went to the
cabinet and pulled a device with four rods sticking from it
about six inches long.  Then she pulled out a rubber condom
like device that she inserted over the four rods.  The device was
make out of a heavy but supple rubber like material and it had
a collar at one end. This, Susan attached to the base of the
instrument.  Directly behind the rods was a clock like gauge
and a black knurled knob. The dial read .75 inches.

     "OK, honey,  now I'm going to measure you. Bite down on the
phallus if it hurts,"  said Susan.

     Susan removed the phallus from Ally's sex.  Then she
lubricated the rubber and inserted it.  Ally groaned only
slightly as she bit down.  Now Susan began turning the knob.
The needle on the dial inched upward as the four rods moved
away from each other and stretched the rubber and filled Ally's
sex.  When the dial reached one inch Susan began moving the
whole device around to determine the fit.  Too loose.  She slowly
turned the dial more as Ally started moaning louder.  Her
breathing picked up as well.  When the dial read 1.5 she checked
the fit again.  "That feels about right.  Come here and check."
Alex went over to Ally's bottom and checked for fit.

     "Yea, I like it.  Let's go with an inch and a half,"  said Alex.

     Alex went into the back room and found a gold colored
ornamental plate with a ring on the front.  In the rear of the
plate was a small threaded collar and a flat piece of steel which
was attached to the ring on the front.  Then he got a 1.5 inch
phallus about five inches long.  This phallus was made of a soft
rubber similar to the measuring device covering.  The inside
had a flat keyhole that accepted the steel attached to the ring.
He threaded it onto the plate.  Then he checked the function.
When he pushed in the ring and turned it clockwise the tip of
the phallus expanded and pulled back slightly.  With enough
turns, it would stay in place.

     Alex returned to Ally and Susan removed the measuring
device.  Instead of using the cream they had been,  Alex went
over to the other small table and press a button on a hose.  A
small amount of grease came out of the hose which he applied
directly to the rubber.  He returned to Ally and inserted the new
phallus into her.  She  groaned.  Then Alex pressed the plate
firmly against her sex and began turning the ring. He gave it
one full turn and checked the fit.  Finding it a bit loose, he gave
it another full turn.  Ally groaned again then relaxed.  Alex
checked the fit. It was just right.

     "All done Ally.  Just one more hole to plug.", said Alex.  "We're
going to leave you to rest again before we plug your behind.
Susan and I need to go into the back room again.  I want you to
try and relax and get used to your attachments.  We'll be back
soon."

     Again Ally was left alone, this time now with two opening
plugged.  The shaft in between her legs though was not as bad
as she thought it would be.  In fact the pressure of the device
was actually quite pleasing and her insides welcomed the touch
of the phallus.  Ally felt an urge to masturbate and she wiggled
her bottom a bit and moved her legs as best she could to stop
the urge.  But doing so only made the desire worse.  At last the
urge passed without incident.  At least she still had this small
control over her body.

     In the mean time Susan and Alex had returned to the parlor.
Susan was hot and so was Alex.  Susan practically tackled Alex
as soon as they entered.  Before long they were both naked and
squirming on the floor.  Susan removed her sex plug with a
couple turns of the brass ring .  Then Susan was on top plunging
herself onto Alex's erect cock.  She kissed him madly and he
returned the favor.  After a half hour of enjoying each other's
hot flesh they both stepped into a shower in an adjacent room
to clean up.  Susan applied fresh makeup and got dressed.  Alex
cleaned himself up and also got dressed.

     By the time they had finished, a full hour had passed.  They
returned from their  brief respite to find Ally relaxed and
awake.  "Grunt once if you're ready to get your ass plugged,
Ally,"  said Alex as he stood over her.  "Urggghh,"  Ally grunted
once more.

     "Ally, I need to know.  Do you still remember the SOS signal?
Grunt once,"  asked Alex.

     "Urgggh."

     " Do you remember what it's for, Ally?"  asked Alex

     "Urgggh."

     "Good,"   said Alex.

     Alex and Susan unbuckled Ally from the table and lifted her
up, keeping her head held high and back.  They left the chain
attached to her hands in place. When Ally was again on her feet
Susan took one of the chains and attached it to the ring on
Ally's sex plug.  As Susan started to lead her to the third table
Ally started to take a normal step.  "No Ally, remember?  You
have to march,"  said Susan.  Ally began pumping her knees as
she was led to the  third table by Susan. Susan held the chain
attached to the  ring on Ally's newly installed equipment.  Ally
kept her head high and followed.

     In the mean time Alex removed the two belts from the table
and the two chains that were attached to Ally's heels.  He joined
Ally and Susan at the third table.  First they took Ally's ring on
her sex plug and clipped it to a ring at the back of the table.
Then they pulled and lifted her onto the table and attached the
chains from her manacles to rings at the far end of the table.
Then a small chain was clipped to the ring on Ally's bit and
attached to a ring at the front edge of the table.  Alex and Susan
then attached the straps to the rings on the sides of the table
and buckled Ally down, one belt placed across her shoulder
blades and another crossing at the small of her back.  Then Alex
handed Susan one of the chains that were previously attached
to Ally's shoes and reattached them to Ally's heels.  They pulled
Ally's legs back and to the sides and fastened the chains to eye
hooks on the table.  Ally was now laying on her belly with her
legs spread wide and doubled back.  Ally's ass hung just over
the edge of the table.

     Susan then pressed a button on the side of the table and it
began to move forward, as well as tilting up slightly.  By the
time the table had stopped, Ally was laying at a thirty degree
angle with her back side pointed into the bowl.

     "OK, Ally.  We're going to clean you out,"  said Susan.    Susan
took a hose that had grease under pressure and inserted it well
into Ally's rear.  She pressed the button on the grease gun
several times as she slowly withdrew the hose.  Susan then took
a rubber hose and attached it to a phallus type device she had
retrieved from a cabinet on the wall.  The hose was attached to
a gauge that measured water used.  Susan pressed the button
on the gauge to reset it to zero, and inserted the phallus into
Ally's rear.  She pressed a button on the hose and began to fill
Ally's insides.  When the gauge reached 64 ounces Susan
stopped.  Ally remained still until just before Susan stopped,
when she groaned past the gag.  Susan let the water set inside
Ally for about five minutes before removing the phallus.  When
she did Ally's bowels emptied.  Susan examined the color of the
water, and seeing it was still tinted brown, repeated the entire
process, first greasing her then filling her with another two
quarts of water.  When she removed the phallus this time the
water was clear.

     While all this was going on,  Alex had returned to the table
with the pillars and retrieved the measuring device.  Alex took
it to the sink and removed the rubber shield, and washed the
entire unit with soap and water.  He dried it thoroughly and
went back to the cabinet where he picked up a fresh rubber
cover, which he installed on the device.

     "Is she ready?"  he asked Susan as he approached.

     "Yup, all cleaned out," said Susan.

     Susan inserted the grease hose into Ally's anus one last time
pushing it in at least six inches and began pumping grease into
Ally.  Then Susan applied a bit of grease to the measuring
device as Alex held it.  Alex then pressed it into Ally's rear
slowly.  Ally moaned slightly.  The Alex began to turn the knob
slowly.  He stopped at one inch.  "She's tight.  Feel this,"  he said
to Susan.  Susan took the device and tried wiggling it.  "Your
right, sir, but I think we can go to an inch and a quarter if we
let this sit inside her for a few minutes.  Let me go and get a 1.25
and by the time I get back she should be able to handle it. What
do you think?"  said Susan.

     "Good idea.  Go ahead,"  said Alex.

     Susan disappeared through the archway and headed for the
storeroom.  Alex was left with Ally and kept a hand on the
device while gently applying pressure to the  knob.  The needle
edged upwards to 1.10.  He kept pressure until Susan came back.
She had gotten a 1.25 inch diameter rubber phallus similar to
the one inserted into Ally's sex.  This was attached to an gold
ornamental egg shaped plate with a ring in it as well.  But this
ring was not centered on the egg but was more toward the edge.
This was to make room for a round hole at the opposite edge.
The phallus still protruded from the center of the egg however,
a series of gears inside the egg transferred the ring's turns to it.

     "What's she read now?"  asked Susan.  Alex looked at the
gauge.  "1.20, close enough,"  said Alex.  Alex then released the
pressure from the device and removed it.  He took the grease
hose and applied a bit more grease inside Ally, then greased the
phallus.  He pushed it inside Ally and checked the fit.  "Not bad.
Good work, Susan,"   Alex said.  Then Alex pressed the egg
against Ally's ass and turned the ring while pressing it down at
the same time.  Alex gave it one full turn as before and  checked
the fit.  It wasn't bad but he wanted to be sure,  so he gave it a
half turn.

     "All done Ally.  Your all plugged up.  Grunt if you want to
continue,"  said Alex.

     "Urgggh," was the sound that came from Ally.

     Ally's straps were removed and she was lifted off the table.
"Remember, Ally, march!"  Susan reminded Ally.  Susan picked
up the chain she had used on Ally's sex plug and reattached ti.
Ally was led through the archway to a back room.  She
lifted her knees as she was told, providing Alex a spectacular
view as he followed up the rear.  The room was fairly ordinary
looking except for a chain in the center of the room that
protruded from a hole in the ceiling.  In addition there was a
cabinet against the wall.   Ally was led underneath the chain,
her legs pumping up and down.  Susan pulled out a key and
unlocked one of Ally's wrists.  She then pulled her arms behind
her back and reattached the manacle.  Then Susan went to the
cabinet and pulled out a rod with a short chain for Ally's
manacles.  She attached the rod to the manacles as before and
clipped the other end to the phallus ring at her rear.  This not
only pinned her hands behind her but also prevented her
leaning forward at the hips , with the tension that Susan
applied to the manacles.  Alex went to the  cabinet against the
wall and pulled out a pair of four foot long gold chains and two
nipple clamps.  The nipple clamps were attached to Ally.  Then
the chains were attached to the clamps, fed up through the loop
in the chain running into the ceiling and brought down and
attached to the ring on Ally's bit.  Susan stood by Ally as Alex
went to a wall switch and pressed it.  The chain began to rise
into the ceiling, pulling both on Ally's nipples and her bit.  Ally
could relieve the strain on her nipples only by lifting her head
higher.  When Ally could no longer fully release the tension on
her nipples by raising her head, Susan signaled Alex to
stop.

     "Susan, go ahead and measure her for her harnesses and
equipment.  I'm going into the parlor to take a nap.  Wake me
when your done,"  said Alex.

     Susan immediately began taking measurements and writing
them down on a preprinted pad.  These measurements not only
included the normal measurements such as bust size, inseam,
glove size, etc...,  but also included such things as distance form
crotch to chin,  distance from knees to heel, distance from ears
to shoulders and many measurements of the head as well.
Susan took well over an hour as Ally hung, trying to endure the
pain.  Finally, Susan went to the wall and lowered the chain.  As
the chain lowered Ally kept her chin high and let the chains to
the clamps go limp.  She wanted to show Susan that she wanted
to please her.

     "How wonderful, Ally!  You're actually trying to please me
aren't you?  Grunt once," said Susan.

     "Arrgggh."

     "Good, now let's try something to make you more
entertaining."

     First Susan retrieved from the closet a tan colored horse tail.
She held it up to  Ally's hair and checked it for color.  It was just
right.  She then went behind Ally and plugged into the hole in
the egg. A half turn secured it.  Susan then detached the chain
from the bit and pulled them from the chain in the ceiling.  She
then fed them through the ring mounted at Ally's crotch and
reattached them to the back of Ally's heels.  She attached the
right breast to the left foot and vice versa.  Enough tension was
applied to just pull on her breasts slightly.  Susan then attached
the chain to Ally's sex ring and pulled.  "March Ally,"  Susan
demanded.  As Ally marched her feet first released then pulled
on her nipples making her breasts bounce.  "Good Ally.  Now
follow me."

     Ally followed Susan, lifting each leg high.  Every time her
foot hit the ground the chain pulled on her opposite nipple.  At
the same time Ally showed Susan how much she wanted to
please her by keeping her head raised as high as possible.  The
tail brushed Ally's legs as she marched giving her a sense of
embarrassment, as if  she was some sort of beast of burden.
Susan led Ally down the hall to the parlor.

     Alex was sound asleep on the couch when the two girls
entered.  "Stay here Ally,"  Susan whispered.  Susan crept up to
Alex and noticed a bulge in his pants.  She gently and stealthily
unfastened Alex pants and released his cock.  She plunged down
on it with her mouth and fulfilled his needs.  He awoke as she
was just finishing.  "Ahh... wonderful!"  said Alex.  Susan
continued until Alex was satisfied, then went to the sink and
washed her mouth out.

     "Look at her Susan!  She's learned to keep her head high in
tribute.  How wonderful!"  exclaimed Alex.  "And I see you've
done the heel and breast trick on her too. And the tail is lovely.
Let's take her to the track and march her."  "Good idea,"  said
Susan. "But first I want to freshen up."

     Alex approached Ally, still standing with her head held high.
"You are simply lovely, my dear.  I really like the way Susan has
decorated you.  Would you like to march for me?"  asked Alex.
Before he could tell her to grunt if she would, Ally took the
initiative and grunted herself.   "Arrrrghhh,"  came from Ally's
mouth.

     Alex kissed her on the cheek and began petting Ally's hair.  "I
do believe I am falling in love with you my dear.  If you change
your mind and don't go to the island it will surely break my
heart,"  said Alex as he pressed his body against her and ran his
hands through Ally's hair.  Ally thought to herself, "Not as much
as it would break mine."

     Susan returned after fixing herself up.  Twice already she
had to redo her makeup,  but she didn't really mind.  After all,
she was having a fantastic time fixing up Ally.  She was a dream
come true.  Susan would not admit that she was sexually
attracted to Ally.  She wasn't exactly against lesbian activity
but partaking in such events was not her preference. She loved
to torment the female slaves.  She really didn't know why.  She
didn't hate them at all, in fact she loved them with all her heart.
But she didn't love them as a sexual partner.  Her love was more
like that of a woman to her pet.  Ally was her pet, so to speak.  If
she left, Susan would be heartbroken,  just as if she had lost her
favorite dog or cat.

     Susan approached Ally and noticed that her knees were bent
slightly, taking the pressure off the chains going to her nipples.
She grabbed the ring on Ally's bit and pulled her up straight.
The chains tightened and began to stretch Ally's breasts.  "Stand
up straight, Ally,"  corrected Susan.  "I made the chains tight
intentionally to show off your lovely breasts.  Don't disappoint
me and let them go slack."  Ally straightened her knees and felt
the pressure on her nipples increase.  Susan released the ring.
"Very good dear.  Now follow me and keep those knees high,"
Susan said as she grabbed the chain still attached to the ring as
Ally's sex.

     Ally started to follow Susan lifting her knees high.  Susan
began to pull the chain and after a half dozed steps or so
noticed something.  She didn't look at Ally but looked straight
ahead and was listening for Ally's heels.  The steps sounded
much softer than she expected.  She turned around and
watched Ally as she led her onward and noticed that while Ally
was lifting her knees high she was setting her feet down gently,
often not even letting the heels touch the floor.  Susan stopped
to correct her.  "No Ally,  your marching all wrong!  You're not
planting your feet firmly with each step.  Now march in place
and plant your feet with each step.  I want to hear your heels
click loudly.  That will make your breasts bounce beautifully as
your heels make that lovely sound,"  said Susan.

     Ally began marching in place with her head high, again
lifting her knees high.  But now she also planted each foot
firmly with each step.  The chains made her breasts bounce
tremendously,  sending a shooting pain into each nipple with
each step.  "Much better,"   said Susan.  Susan turned around
and pulled the chain, leading Ally onward.

     Ally was led down the hallway and down a ramp to a room
about forty feet on a side.  It had a large entrance perhaps ten
feet wide. All walls were covered with mirrors, except where the
entrance was, of course.  Along the top of the walls were more
mirrors that were tilted down at an angle.   The ceiling was
quite high to allow for the two sets of mirrors.  It was also
covered with mirrors with lights spaced  at regular intervals to
illuminate the area.   Sitting in front of the entrance was a small
bleachers perhaps eight feet wide and with five levels.  Ally was
led around the bleachers to the main floor area.  The main floor
consisted of a maple planks, in the style of a good dance floor.
There were four metal posts, six inches in diameter and about
five feet tall,  placed about six feet from the corner of each
room.  On the top of each post was a red light which after Alex
had turned a knob at the entrance began to blink in unison.  On
the floor was a wide white line describing a figure eight pattern
around the posts.

     As Ally was led into the room she saw herself in the mirror.
At first she thought what she saw was obscene.  Then she
realized how wonderful she felt in the care of Alex and Susan.
She examined the reflection again in a new frame of mind.  She
actually liked what she saw, the touch of gold at her breasts and
sex was quite lovely.  But the heels she saw by looking in the
angled mirrors really turned her on.  She still couldn't
understand how anyone could walk in those things but here she
was not only walking but marching!  Then she saw her breasts
bounce as she walked.  Susan was right.  The were much more
beautiful when they were pulled and released.  She redoubled
her efforts to lift her knees and plant her feet firmly to make
them bounce even more so.

     Susan led Ally to the left post closest to the bleachers and
faced her toward the rear wall.  She signaled Ally to stop.
Susan took the chain off Ally's sex.  "Ally, see the lines in the
floor?"  asked  Susan.  "Arrgggh,"  grunted Ally.  "I want you to
march around the room just as you have been doing before.
Follow the line in the floor.  You'll have to look at yourself
through the ceiling mirror because you won't be able to see
with your head lifted so high.  Just keep marching around the
posts in a figure eight pattern.  The red lights on the posts are
pace lights.  I want you to take one step every time the light
blinks.  We've set the lights at a slow but steady pace.  You
should be able to keep up with no problem.  Remember to keep
your head high,  lift your knees, and plant your heels so I can
hear that lovely clicking sound.  Go on Ally."

     Ally began to march to the rhythmic blinking of the red
lights.  She became one with the lights as she marched around
the posts.  She did exactly as she was told trying as best as she
could to please Susan and Alex.  She felt wonderful.  She felt
free of her pains, both the emotional one of losing her mother
and sister, and the pain caused by the pulling of the clips
attached to her nipples.  Instead of the phalluses merely filling
her, they now excited her.  She felt them press the insides of her
mouth, anus, and especially her sex and she began to sweat. The
excitement continued to build until she started groaning.  Her
insides were ready to explode with a huge orgasm.  All at once
she let it go.  "Arrrgggh,"  she said as she continued to march.  A
small line of fluid began to leak down her leg past the gold plate
covering her sex.  But she marched on. She thought that would
be the end of it but after just one more lap the urge built again.
The last orgasm along with the marching drained her will and
she simply let it go.  "Arrgggh,"  she groaned again.  Another
trickle was released.  But she continued to march on.  Every two
or three laps, certainly no more than five laps, she had another
orgasm.  She was in heaven.  She never had a feeling as
wonderful as this.  Alex and Susan had brought her to this point
of extreme joy.  She was so grateful she forced herself to march
onward,  stretching her neck even higher and clicking her heels
in even greater tribute.

     In the mean time Alex and Susan went over to the bleachers
and took a seat on the second row of planks.  They watched Ally
carefully, looking for any flaws in her form.  There were none.
After about three laps Alex and Susan heard Ally's groan as she
had her first orgasm.  "What was that for?"   Alex asked Susan.
"She's very happy,"  said Susan as she smiled widely and
winked.  "Way to go Ally!"  he yelled as he smiled.

     They allowed Ally to march for about thirty laps, during
which they counted six orgasms that they could detect.
Actually she had seven.  This one came as she was stopped and
led to the bleachers to rest.  They didn't let her sit however,  the
egg shaped device protruding out of her behind.  Instead they
bent her over the bleachers at the end of one of the planks.
When she had caught her breath they lifted her up and led her
back to the main workshop to the table where her clothes were.
"All done Ally.  You pass the test,"  said Alex.

     Susan first removed the chains from Ally's nipples and pulled
them out of the ring at her sex.  Then she detached them from
her heels.  Susan removed the clips from Ally's nipples as well.
Next she took out a key and removed Ally's manacles.  Her
hands were completely free at last once more.  Susan then
unbuckled Ally's bit and removed the phallus from her mouth.
Ally took a deep breath.  "Keep your chin up sweetheart.  I'm not
done with you yet,"   said Susan.  Ally lifted her head back up.
Her jaw was sore.  Susan went behind Ally and turned the ring
counterclockwise and loosened the phallus.  She removed the
phallus with a slow easy motion.  Ally groaned,  "Ohhhhh!!!"
She now felt empty like her anus needed to be filled.  She almost
asked Susan to put it back in but changed her mind.  Susan did
the same to the ring in the front and removed the phallus from
Ally's sex.  This was just as wonderful but Ally maintained
control.  Finally Susan sat Ally down and removed her black
seven and a half inch heels with the key she still had.  She
placed the key in one of the shoes.  Ally was finally free of her
bonds.

     "You can lower your head now sweetheart.  You're no longer
under our control.  Let me take you to the back room where you
can get in the whirlpool and work all those little pains out of
you. Then you can put on some fresh makeup.  I'll bring your
clothes in later,"  said Susan.  Susan led Ally into the back
bathroom where there was a large black marble whirlpool
bathtub with gold fixtures.  Susan showed her where all the
items were such as soap, towels, and wash cloths.  She turned
on the water and made it a bit warmer than normal.  She called
Ally over and told her to adjust it to her taste.  She said it was
fine.  After the water was about half way up the tub,  Susan
added some perfumed bath oil and helped Ally get in.  She
placed the shampoo, soap, towels, and wash rag within easy
reach of Ally; she showed her how to operate the whirlpool with
the touch of just a few buttons.  It's about nine thirty now.  Try
and stay in the water for at least twenty minutes and let the jets
relax you.  I'll get your clothes and jewelry in the meantime,"
said Susan just before she left.
	
     The whirlpool felt wonderful.  She played with the jets and
let the warm water play all over her body.  Her nipples were
quite sore and she gently massaged them while holding them
under the water until the pain was eased.  Then she soaped her
whole body reveling in the feeling of the soft rag in combination
with the jets of water rushing over her.  She grabbed the spray
nozzle and wet her hair.  Then she applied shampoo and
massaged her scalp.  Instead of using the spray nozzle to rinse
her hair she laid back, took a deep breath and dunked her head
under the water.  She stayed like this for a few seconds and
allowed the jets to massage her head, especially around her
neck and jaw which were particularly stiff from holding her
head high.  When she came up for air Susan was just entering
the room with her clothes, but not the same ones she had on
when she first came to this place.  "When your finished, put
these on.  Makeup is over there, also a hair dryer, comb, brush
and anything else you need.  Feel free to use anything you
want,"  Susan said as she pointed to a table with several
cosmetic items.  "Make yourself up like before and be careful to
avoid making the lipstick make your lips look too thick.  That
isn't attractive."  Then meet Alex and me in the parlor directly
across the hall." As Susan was about to walk out,  Ally noticed
that the clothes brought to her were different.  "Those aren't my
clothes!"   Ally said before Susan could get away.  "A gift from
Alex,  their yours now.  The shoes are the ones you came in with
as well as the stocking, and underwear.   Only the dress and
jewelry are new.  I know you'll like them."  Then Susan walked
out.

     Ally allowed the water to refresh her tired muscles for
another fifteen minutes before getting out of the tub.  She dried
herself with the towels, picked up the blow dryer and brushed
out her hair as she blew the dampness from her hair.  Then she
put on her panties, bra, and garter belt.  Then she slipped her
stockings over her long slender legs and clipped them to the
garter belt.  She decided to leave her shoes off until last since
her feet were still a bit sore.  She decided to apply the makeup
next.  She worked on her eyes first,  applying a little eye color to
darken her eyes.  Then she applied the mascara,  a bit heavier
than she normally would, taking a cue from when Susan made
her up in the powder room.  Then she applied the lip color.  She
used a brush to apply the color to her lips,  finding it easier to
control.  She used what she had learned from Susan again as
she kept her lip size as thin as she could.  "Hmm... not bad,"  she
thought.  She was not just 'not bad', she was beautiful,  perhaps
more beautiful than when she had first come into the
restaurant.  Finally she applied a bit of rouge to her cheeks to
give them a bit of color.

     Ally went over to the dress that was brought her.  As she
lifted it she saw a foot square black cardboard box and a wide
black belt on top.  Ally examined the dress.  It was a black dress
of fine cotton and was low cut.  She slipped it on.  It fit
perfectly.  The neckline came down to just below her breasts
revealing just enough to tease.  "How did they know my size?"
she thought.  Anyway, she wrapped the belt around her waist
and buckled it.

     From the moment Ally saw the black box she was curious.
Forcing  herself to delay opening the box only made Ally's
desire to see what was inside that much greater.  Ally put her
hands on the side of the box and lifted the lid.  "Oh my God!"
she exclaimed as she was dazzled by a pair of diamond studded
pendant earrings, a diamond choker,   and a diamond bracelet.
Also in the box was a watch with a slim diamond studded wrist
band.  She picked up the watch and turned it over.  On the back
was the word "ROLEX".  She smiled like she was a child who had
just received a million dollars worth of Christmas presents.
First she put on the earrings then quickly walked over to the
mirror.  They dangled from her ears like little diamond tear
drops.  She adored them.  Then she put the bracelet and the
watch on.  She put the choker on and walked over to the mirror
to look at herself.   She was so happy she almost started to shed
a tear.  She held it back after she realized all the work she put
into her makeup.  Then she went and put on her heels.
Somehow the five inch heels didn't make her feel as sexy as the
seven and a half ones did.  But they weren't bad either!

     Having finished dressing, Ally went over to the room across
the hall.  Susan and Alex were sitting on the couch,  Alex with
his arm around Susan and Susan with her head on Alex's
shoulder.  Before Ally could say a word,  Alex stood up.  "Ohhhh
my!"  said Alex as he stared at Ally.  The dress, the jewelry, and
Ally herself presented a perfect picture of loveliness.  "You look
fabulous!"  said Alex.

     "Thank you.  I can't accept these. They're too much,"  said
Ally.

     "Nonsense,  you think a few thousand dollars means anything
to me?  Heck, that only leaves me with an even twelve billion.
Wonder if I can even afford cab fair?"   quipped Alex as
he let out a big laugh.

     "Really,  I can't,"   said Ally.

     "I'll tell you what.  You take these home with you and we'll
put them in safe keeping.  If for some reason you leave the
island, and you still feel that way,  I'll take them back, OK?"
offered Alex.

     "OK,  I can only wear them for a week anyway right?"   asked
Ally.

     "Question,  how did you know my size?  This is obviously a
custom dress.  You didn't have time to have this made today
since Susan took my measurements,"   asked Ally.

     "We cheated.   We used the computer database I mentioned
earlier and found that you purchased a dress two months ago.
We just used that size.  If it didn't fit, we would just let you use
your old clothes,"  explained Alex.

     "Oh, that explains it,"   said Ally.

     Just then Ally's stomach made a loud growling noise.  "Oh....
EXCUSE me!"  said Ally, embarrassed.

     "Hey, how about dinner?  Neither of us have had any food for
at least eight hours,  maybe nine!"  said Alex.

     "Done!  I'm starved!  Will Susan or Felix join us?",  asked Ally.

     "Susan and Felix have work to do setting things up for you.
Now let's go upstairs.  I have a few things I need to go over with
you so you can be ready.  Then we can have dinner.  Sound
good?"  Alex said.

     Alex and Ally walked through the hallway, through the
workshop and up the stairs.  After passing through the hidden
doorway,  Alex closed the bookcase.  "Susan will be up as soon
as she puts out a bunch of faxes,"  said Alex.  Alex led Ally back
into the large dining room.  It was empty.

     "Please have a seat,"  Alex said as he took his own seat.  "Let
me see,  travel preparation,  here we are!"  Alex said as he found
two copies of a three page document.  "Now,  valuables storage.
Here we go,"   he said as he found another sheet of paper.

     "You live in a house, right?"  he asked.

     "Yes,"  she said.

     "Mortgaged or paid off?"

     "From the insurance money."

     "I understand."

     "OK.  Security agency and home care company...  Home care
company," said Alex as he found yet another document, "and
security agency,"  he said  as he found one more sheet of paper.

     "Finally bank trust fund papers,  here they are,"  he said.

     'Oh, almost forgot,  medical exam papers!"  he exclaimed.

     Alex made two piles, one with all the documents and the
other merely had the 'Travel preparations'  instructions.  Alex
then explained,  "These documents describe the procedures you
will have to follow to protect your home and valuables so they
are taken care of while you are away.  I will pick up all the
expenses.  Instructions for each item are listed on the
documents including phone numbers and any preparations you
need to make before calling the company involved.  The most
important one is the medical exam.  That must be done no later
than next Tuesday to be safe.  Otherwise the lab won't have
enough time to complete its workup before next weekend.  All
the other items are self explanatory.  As it says on each sheet,
you are to say you are a client of Mr. Davis.  The doctor will set
up an appointment the same day upon hearing this.  If you can,
call him tomorrow.  The exam usually is not too involved but is
sufficiently thorough.  When the other companies hear the
name Mr. Davis they will offer to come to your house that same
day.  Usually within an hour of calling if I remember correctly.
As for what to wear,  you need to go out and buy a strapless two
piece bikini with the money I gave you.  You don't need the
heels since we found a pair for you downstairs.  I'll deliver the
shoes to you on that Sunday.  All your bills, taxes, etc.,  will be
funneled into the Davis depository agency,  which will take care
of all your financial arrangements.  The bank document will set
up a trust fund and transfer all your money from all bank
accounts into it.  Then I will add ten thousand dollars to the
account.  Clear so far?"   asked Alex.

     "You're spending an awful lot of money on me.  You really
don't have,"  argued Ally.

     "I don't get a chance to bring a new face to the island but
once or twice a year anymore,  now that we've reached the limit
the administrators agreed to.  So I can spend quite a bit more
on a potential trainee if I feel like it.  And you make me feel like
it!"   said Alex.

     Ally blushed.  She realized that the guy was enjoying
spending money on her,  and she had no problem with making
sure her home was taken care of while she was away.  Someone
had to care for it.  She decided it was a fair trade.

     Alex continued to explain, "Everything you need to do is
listed in the travel preparations guide.  There are a few key
points I want to go over with.  First, if for any reason you have
problems with any of the companies, or you have any questions
call the number at the top of the page.  It is an answering
machine,  in fact it's the same number you called in the ad.  You
should receive a reply in an hour or two at the latest.  Second,
avoid eating any solid foods after midnight on Saturday.  Drink
lots of fluids however since the pill you will be given will tend to
dehydrate you.  I need to ask you something.  When was your
last period?", asked Alex.

     "Two weeks ago,"  replied Ally.

     "I'll need to give you a dose of anti-menstrual drug before we
go to have dinner.  Otherwise you'll be too close to your
period when we sail.  It's just a small pill,"  said Alex.  Alex then
went back into the closet and took one pill from a bottle of this
special drug which he had thoughtfully remembered to bring
from the island a week ago.  While he was in the closet he also
picked up a large envelope for Ally's papers.  He returned to
Ally and gave her the pill.  She poured herself some water and
washed down the pill.  "Here's an envelope for all the papers.
One last thing which is not on the papers.  I'd like you to put
your hair up in a bun before we come to get you on Sunday.  I
have my reasons.  OK?"  said Alex.

     "Sure,  no problem," said Ally.

     "Good.  Then how about dinner?"  asked Alex.

     "I thought you'd never ask!"  said Ally.

     Ally gathered up the papers and put them in the envelope.
Then she put the envelope in her bag and rose.  Alex rose and
led Ally out of the dining room.

     Felix was waiting outside.  "How did it go?"  asked Felix.
"Much better than I expected.  Ally is as perfect as I have ever
seen,"  said Alex.  Ally blushed and smiled.  "Thank you,"   she
whispered to Alex.  "Felix,  why don't you go down and help
Susan make the proper arrangements.  Ally,  if you please,"
said Alex as he held out his arm.  Ally wrapped her arm in his.
Upon seeing this Felix warned Alex.  "Sir,  I think you're on the
verge of breaking rule number one.  Be careful."

     "Thank you Felix.  Do you really think so?"  asked Alex.

     "I'm sure of it.  It wouldn't be fair to her if you did,"   said
Felix.

     "Thank you Felix.  You have kept me from making a fool of
myself again!",  Alex said with a smile.  Alex looked at Ally.
"Dinner!"  he said.

     "Dinner!"  Ally affirmed.

     And they walked to the main dining room together.  As they
walked away Felix shook his head.  Then he walked through the
double doors and made his way downstairs to help Susan.

     Alex led Ally down the hallway to the main dining area.  As
they walked, Ally's heels made a delicious clicking sound on the
parquet flooring.  Alex could easily hear the wondrous sound
coming from Ally's spikes and delighted in this.

     When they arrived in the main dining room Andre spotted
them emerging from the hallway.  As Alex and Ally entered the
dining room Alex signalled Andre.  Andre came over to Alex.
"May I be of service, sir?"  he said.

     "Is the private dining room free, Andre?"  asked Alex.

     "Yes, as a matter of fact it is,  sir.  Will the lady and you be
dining there?"  he inquired.

     "Yes, we will.  Please send a waiter with a menu and place
settings for the two of us,  Andre,"  said Alex.

     "I will attend to it personally,  Mr. Davis,"   said Andre.

     "Thank you, Andre,"  replied Alex.

     Andre walked away to make the proper preparations as Alex
led Ally to a single wooden door.  Alex opened the door
revealing a small but heavy  wooden table, perhaps three feet in
diameter.  Alex helped Ally to her seat and, being a perfect
gentleman, pushed the seat forward for Ally.  "Oh,  what a
gentleman!"  said Ally.  Alex just smiled.  Then Alex took his
own seat opposite Ally.

     Not thirty seconds after Alex took his seat,  Andre entered
with two waiters.  The waiters laid place settings and a pitcher
and two glasses of chilled spring water before Alex and Ally as
Andre handed gold trimmed, leather bound menus to Alex and
Ally.  Andre waited as they decided on their selections.

     "Order whatever you want.  It's on me,"  Alex said.

     "Oh, it all sounds so good.  I don't know,"  said Ally.  She read
the menu for a little while longer.  Then she decided.  "I'll have
the crab imperial with stuffed shrimp,  broccoli with
hollandaise, and a garden salad."

     "Yes ma'am.  What kind of dressing would you like on your
salad?"   asked Andre.

     "Russian, please,"  she said.

     "And what would you like to drink?"  said Andre.

     "Coke,"  she said.

     "Thank you ma'am.  Mr. Davis, may I take your order
please?",  he said as he turned his gaze at Alex.

     "Yes,  I'll have a lobster with stuffed shrimp,  duchess
potatoes, and cole slaw.  I'll have a Coke as well.  I've been
hitting the wine too much lately anyway.  I'll have a garden
salad 1111111111111111land dressing,"   he said.

     "Very well sir.  I'll be back shortly with the salads and
drinks,"   Andre said.  At this point Andre left, closing the door
behind him.

     Alex smiled at Ally. "My, you look absolutely ravishing!"  he
said.  "Thank you,"  she whispered as she blushed.  "You don't
look half bad yourself,"  she returned the compliment.

     Ally and Alex chatted over the weather and other trivia for a
few minutes when a knock at the door was heard.  "Enter,"  said
Alex.  Andre entered carrying a tray with the salads and drinks.
"The main course will be ready in approximately twenty
minutes,  Mr. Davis.  Is there anything else I can get for you?",
asked Andre.  "No,  this will be fine.  Thank you, Andre,"   said
Alex.  Andre turned and left, again closing the door behind him.

     "So, how do you feel, Ally?"  asked Alex.

     "I'm OK.  Actually I feel quite well,  just a little sore here and
there.  I should have stayed in the whirlpool a bit longer I
think,"  said Ally.

     "No, I meant how do you FEEL, as in how do you feel about
what's happened to you and what's in store for you in the
future?"   Alex explained.

     "Well, at first I was very afraid to go on.  I really had second
thoughts when you left me alone for the first time  on the center
table.  But I held out and I'm glad I did.  After everything was
installed I felt wonderful, as if this is what I've been looking for
all my life.  I've never really had much control of my life.  My
mother...."  She stopped in mid speech.  Upon saying the word
'mother' Ally became visibly upset.

     Alex reached across the table and took hold of Ally's hand.
"We don't have to talk about this if you don't want to,"  he said.

     "No,  it's been eating at my insides for weeks.  I need to talk
about it,"  she said.

     "That's smart, Ally.  Things like this will tear you apart if you
don't talk about them.  Let it out Ally,"  he said.

     "Mom always protected me.  I was her little girl. Now, she's
gone.  I guess I'm looking for someone to take care of me,"  she
said.  Ally's voice started to crack.  Alex patted her hand.  "It's
OK,  I lost my parents when I was seventeen.  I know what
you're going through,"  he said.

     "You did?", she exclaimed.  "I forgot that you said that. Is that
why you've been so understanding?"  she asked.

     "Partly,  there are other reasons as well,"  he said.  "There's a
saying that misery loves company.  Well, sometimes the misery
gets to me when I'm alone and it's nice to talk to someone who's
been through a similar tragedy.  Can I ask you a silly question to
get off the subject?"

     "Sure,"  she replied.

     "You're last name is Medina.  That's Italian, right?"  he asked.

     "It is,"  she said.

     "Funny,  you look more German.", he stated.

     "So did my mother,"  she said with a smile.  "My mother was
half German and half Swedish.  My father's parents came from
the very northern parts of Italy,  near the Austrian border,"  she
explained.

     "Oh, so that explains the blonde hair and blue eyes,"  he said.

     "That's right.  Could I ask a question, now?"  she asked.

     "You certainly may,"  he responded.

     "What is rule number one?  I heard Felix say you were about
to break it,"   she asked.

     "I'm afraid that's classified.  We have certain rules
concerning recruitment and training.  Only the trainers are
permitted to know these rules.  We've decided that allowing
them to become known to slaves and potential slaves might
make training more difficult.  It's something I'm afraid I just
can't discuss.  Sorry,"   he explained.

     Rule number one stated that a master or mistress should
never fall in love with a slave.  They could love them as a master
would love a pet but never as one human being would love
another.  They called this 'Losing your perspective'.  Many
argued that the fine line, if there really was a line at all, was
difficult if not impossible to determine.  That was why Alex
included Felix on these trips.  One person would always stay
distant, as Felix did this time, and observe to verify that
everyone maintained perspective.  Felix had spotted Alex's love
for Ally almost immediately and warned him.  But Alex was the
boss and he was the one who had to take responsibility if
something went wrong. And he got himself hooked.  Alex
accepted this.  He wondered if the line between the two
different types of love really did exist.  At the moment he really
didn't care.

     "I don't fully understand, but I will accept the explanation
anyway.  You've been up front with me since I first came here.  I
guess I can trust that it's for my own good."

     "Just one more question.  When's the food gonna get here.  I'm
starved!"  Ally asked.  Ally picked at the last of the salad.  She
really wasn't a salad person.  Neither was Alex she noticed.  He
had hardly touched his.  Ally's mom always started a large
dinner with salad and that's why she ordered one.  It was more
out of habit as opposed to actually wanting one that she
ordered it.  Alex really didn't like salad but wanted something
to nibble on while Ally was eating hers.

     Just two minutes later the main course arrived,  carried by
two waiters.  They laid out the feast before Alex and Ally,
accompanied by several 'Wow"'s and "Oh, my..."'s from both Ally
and Alex.  Alex, even though he had eaten at his own
restaurants several times,  was always amazed at the skill of his
chefs.  He had spared no expense in getting the very best
people.  "Will there be anything else, sir?"  asked one of the
waiters.

     "No, I think we're fine.  Please lock the door on your way out.
I'll ring if we need anything else.

     The food was delicious.  Ally practically inhaled the shrimp,
stuffed with crab meat.  Alex tore into the lobster with reckless
abandon.  They ate like there was no tomorrow, punctuated by
more idle chatter.  Twenty minutes later there was hardly a
scrap of food left on either plate.  "Boy, I didn't know I had a
human vacuum cleaner on my hands!"  he said as he looked at
Ally's empty plate.  "You didn't do so bad yourself I see,"  she
returned the 'compliment'.  "I guess dessert's out of the
question,"  he said with a smile.  She laughed.  "Yes it is.  I
couldn't eat another bite.  Thanks anyway,"  she said.

     They sat for a while longer sipping their drinks.  Alex then
looked at the time.  Ten past midnight.  "Hey Ally, it's late.
Maybe I should take you home?"  he asked.  " To be honest with
you, and this is going to sound strange, I'm not exactly tired of
your company,"  she said.

     "Well then,  what do you say to a tour of L.A. in a nice, fancy
limo?"  he asked.

     "Sounds wonderful!"  she exclaimed.  She wanted to stay with
Alex as long as she could tonight.  His company was as
addicting as the most powerful narcotic.  His baby blue eyes
held her heart captive and she relished every moment.

     Alex stood.  "Ohhh...., I think I ate too much!"  he said as he
rose.  "I know the feeling,"  Ally said as she rose also.  Alex went
to an intercom mounted on the wall.  He pressed a button.
"Andre!"  he said.  "Yes sir," was the reply.  "Tell Charles to bring
the Rolls around front in ten minutes.  Miss Medina and myself
would like a tour of L.A,"  Alex ordered.  "Right away, sir,"
Andre answered.  "I need to use the ladies room,"   Ally said.
"Certainly,"  said Alex.  Alex led Ally to the rest rooms and let
her go into the ladies room as Alex entered the men's room.

     They met outside the restrooms and exited the restaurant.
The Rolls Royce was waiting outside with a driver dressed in all
black with the traditional driver's cap.  The driver held the door
for Ally and Alex, closed it, then got behind the wheel.  "Where
to sir?"  he asked.  "Indulge yourself, Charles.",  Alex replied.
"Sir?"  Charles asked.  "Out there.  Just drive through L.A. and
anywhere else you'd think might be interesting.  It really
doesn't matter.  We'll be quite satisfied with your choice,"   Alex
stated.  "Yes sir!"   Charles replied.

     Charles drove Alex and Ally around for two full hours.  Alex
and Ally didn't really care where they were or where they were
going.  All they knew was that they loved each other.  Alex kept
telling himself to maintain perspective, to only love Ally as a
pet.  But as far as he was concerned, that was virtually
impossible.  So they allowed Charles to drive around as they
held each other close and kissed each other dozens of times.

     Finally, around two in the morning, Ally said she was tired
and would like to be taken home.  She gave Charles the address
and he drove them to her house in what seemed like just a few
minutes.  Too short, thought Ally, as she pressed her body into
Alex's arms.  "I'll see you in one week,"  he said.  "Do you have all
the papers and instructions?"  he asked.  "Yes,"  she replied.
"Good,  remember the doctor's appointment is the most critical.
You must get that done as soon as possible," he reminder her.
"I know,"  she said.  They kissed one last time.  Ally was about to
open the door when it swung open.  Charles had gone over to
her door and opened it for her.  Ally exited the Rolls and
thanked Charles for helping her out.  He returned the
compliment, closed the door and got behind the wheel.  She
waved to Alex as the Rolls pulled away.


                             Part 3: The Journey.

     Ally awoke the next morning feeling wonderful.  After she
showered and had breakfast she took out the envelope filled
with papers.  First and most important was the doctor
appointment.  She called the doctor and set up the appointment
for that afternoon.

     Ally went to the doctor and was examined.  The doctor
performed various tests.  Blood was drawn.  It was a complete,
but normal physical exam.  Ally then had to sign a paper
releasing the test results to Mr. Davis' organization.

     Over the next week Ally followed the instructions that were
listed in the information packet.  She bought a pink, strapless
bikini at a fancy little store in downtown L. A.  She had five sets
of house keys made as instructed.  These she gave to the
security agency when a representative came to her door.  He
also took the valuables, jewelry and a few personal items that
she wanted protected.  She included the jewelry that Alex had
given her as well.  She set up a post office box for her mail and
stopped the newspaper.  Alex's organization would take care of
all bills. Everything was ready by Thursday when she received a
phone call from Alex.  "The test results are in.  Everything is
fine.  How are you holding up.  Is everything ready?" he asked.
"Everything is set.  I've followed all the instructions on the
paper.  I'm glad to hear that the medical tests were OK,"  she
said.  "Remember Ally, on Sunday put your hair in a bun, wear
no make-up, no jewelry, and no shoes.  Also remember to fast
from midnight Saturday evening until I pick you up Sunday
afternoon,"  Alex reminded Ally.  "I know.  I read it in the
instructions."   "Good, then I'll see you on Sunday," he said.
"Bye."

     Saturday night came and went.  Ally barely slept a wink.
Finally she forced herself out of bed at 11:00 A.M.  Alex would be
here in less than an hour.  She quickly showered and fixed her
hair.  She pulled the hair into a tight bun and held it in place
with some bobby pins.  Next she put on the bikini.  She waited.

     At precisely noon a knock was heard at the door.  It was Alex.
He was carrying a shoe box.  "Ready?" he asked.  Ally took a
deep breath. "Ready," she affirmed.  "Good, these are for you." He
handed the box to Ally.  "Put them on and lock the ankle straps
into place."  She took the box to the couch, sat down and put the
shoes on.  They were the six-inch pink spikes that Susan had
found in the basement a week earlier.  She then stood and tried
to get a feel for the new shoes.  "Excellent," Alex said, "shall we
go?".

     Alex and Ally left the house together.  Alex made sure to lock
the door behind them. Then he walked around the house and
checked all doors and windows to make sure they were locked
as well.  Alex then led Ally to the Rolls parked outside.  Charles
was driving again.  Alex helped Ally into the car and stepped in
after her.  Charles put the car in gear and they were off.  As
they drove to the yacht Alex reminded Ally,  "Remember,  at
12:01 tomorrow morning you run out of options.  I'll ask you if
you want to continue at midnight tonight.  If you do, you accept
the life that will be defined for you by me.  Only I have the
power to release you after that point.  Otherwise, you become a
slave until I say otherwise.  Understand?" he asked.

     "Completely," she said.

     "Remember, up to that point you can cancel all of this and I
will order the yacht turned around and I'll take you home.  Just
say you want to quit, or use the SOS signal if you're unable to
talk. OK?" he asked.

     "I understand.  I won't back down, Alex. Trust me,"  she said
with confidence.

     "Excellent!" he said.  Ally snuggled up to Alex and he put his
big muscular arm around her.  They drove on.

     About an hour later they arrived at the yacht.  The 'Pursuit
of Happiness' was a big yacht, measuring one hundred and
twenty-five feet from stem to stern and fifty feet across at the
beam.  Ally thought it looked like a miniature ocean liner
without the smoke stacks.

     Alex stepped out of the car and then helped Ally.  He led her
to the yacht, which was moored at Alex's private dock.  As he
led Ally to the yacht he warned her to be careful of the gaps
between the planks.  Her heels might get stuck in one.  She
carefully stepped onto the stern of the yacht.  Alex led her
below decks.

     Upon reaching the bottom of the steps Alex turned to Ally.
"Please drop to your hands and knees Ally.  I want you to crawl
for me.  Don't stand up again unless I give you permission," he
ordered. "You may actually find it easier to move around on the
boat by crawling, especially once we hit open water.  Those
heels will be difficult to walk in when the boat starts to  rock."
Ally immediately dropped to her knees.  Soft pile carpet covered
the floor, obviously so her knees would not be harmed when she
crawled.  "Follow me," he said.  He walked toward the bow of the
boat, with Ally following close behind on her hands and knees.
When he got to the forward most cabin he opened the door.
"Inside,"  he said as he gestured with his arm.  She crawled
through the door and Alex followed her in.

     Inside, she found a room with various pieces of furniture, a
couch, some chairs, tables, etc.  Alex led Ally to the table.  "Sit
back on your heels, Ally," he said.  She did so and waited for
Alex's next command.  Alex then took a small paper cup and
handed it to Ally.  Inside was a single pill.  Alex then took a
pitcher of water and filled a tall glass with it.  "This is the
laxative.  Wash it down with the water.  Try to drink the entire
glass please," he said.  Ally popped the pill into her mouth and
drank the water.  She was able to empty the glass as instructed.

     "Good.  In about fifteen minutes the pill will begin to take
effect.  You'll have a great need to empty your bowels.  The
bathroom is through that door.  Stand up Ally," he said.

     She stood.  He looked at her for a moment and then took a
leather collar that was sitting on the table and puts it around
Ally's neck.  Ally's head was lifted high again as it was a week
ago.  The collar had a standard type of belt buckle, but the spike
of the buckle had a loop on the end that fit into a recess in the
buckle.  When the buckle was closed, Alex took a gold colored
socket head screw and ran it into the buckle.  The screw went
through the buckle, capturing the loop on the end of the spike.
He then took an Allen wrench and screwed the cap screw into
the buckle, the head fitting into a recess.  Thus  the screw could
not be removed by hand.  Only a wrench of the same type could
remove the screw and thus allow the collar to be removed.  The
buckle was placed behind Ally's left ear.  On the front, back and
both sides of the collar were embossed, gold plates with a heavy
metal ring attached.  On the front plate was also an inscription.
"ALLY" was all it said.  Alex then placed leather bracelets, with
similar gold plates and rings on Ally's wrists and secured these
as well with Allen screws.

     "I'm going to leave you now.  You'll be needing the bathroom
quite a bit for the next couple of hours.  That's perfectly normal.
I need you empty before we depart.  OK?" he said.  "I'll be back
every hour to verify that you drink a full glass of water and
make sure you don't dehydrate yourself."

     At that point Ally bolted for the bathroom.  Alex smiled and
left.  Over the next three hours Alex checked in on Ally on the
hour.  At 4 P.M.  Alex said they were ready to depart.  The crew
released the yacht from its mooring and it made its way into the
open waters of the Pacific.   The sea was as smooth as a lake.  A
high pressure center was positioned just offshore of Los Angeles
and there was little if any wind.  The yacht proceeded on its
journey.

     Ally was surprised at how smooth the seas were.  As the
yacht left the harbor she could hear the engines increase in
their roar. The cabin was insulated in a sound deadening
material so they weren't loud at all.
     Ally had been on a boat only twice before.  Once when she
was ten, her father took her on a fishing trip.  She reminisced
about how she wouldn't touch the 'little fishy' when her dad
said to place it on the hook.  Her dad had to bait the hook with
the minnow.  She remembered how excited she was when she
caught her first fish.  "I got one!  I got one!" she remembered
screaming.  She repeated the feat 17 more times in the next four
hours, thoroughly embarrassing her father.  "Nice job,
pumpkin," she remembered him saying with a huge smile.  He
only caught 3 fish all day!  She smiled when she thought of him.
Several years later Ally returned to the sea.  Only this time it
was for the task of spreading her father's ashes over the sea.  A
small buoy was placed at the spot.  She wiped a tear from her
eye.

     Shortly after the yacht was into the Pacific, Alex went into
Ally's cabin.  "Please remove your bikini, top and bottom, Ally,"
he ordered.  She removed her top and bottom revealing the
same beautiful naked body that Alex had seen a week earlier.
"Are your bowel movements clear yet?" he asked her.  "Yes," she
said.  "Good.  Now, get on your knees again but sit up.  I want to
show you something," he said.  She dropped her knees to the
carpet and looked up at him.  "First, your hands may be placed
in only one of two positions.  Either both hands are to be on the
floor for crawling purposes or they are to be behind your head.
Please clasp your hands behind your head," he ordered.  She did
as she was told,  feeling her breasts being pulled upward as she
interlaced her fingers behind her neck.  "Excellent.  Now your
knees;  spread them wide so I can see between them," he
ordered.  She spread her knees wide apart.  "Whenever you stop
crawling you are to place yourself in this position without being
told.  Either you will be crawling or on display as you are now.
There are no exceptions.  Understand?" he asked her.  "Yes," she
responded.  "No, Ally.  Yes, master.  From this time forward you
will call any male who has control over you master, and of
course any female mistress.  Understand?" he again asked.  "Yes,
master," she replied.  "Good, now follow me," he commanded.
Ally followed Alex.  He led her into the bathroom.

     Alex made Ally kneel in front of a full-length wall mirror.
She assumed the position Alex had taught her earlier.  "This
mirror is two way.  Behind it is a video camera that has its
output channeled into my private quarters.  I want you to stay
as you are until I return.  You are to break from this position
only if you need to use the toilet.  Afterwards you are to return
to your knees as you are now.  I'll be back each hour to check on
you.  Also at this point, you will not be given any more water.  I
now need your bodily functions to return to normal."

     Alex left Ally kneeling in front of the mirror and went to his
cabin across the hall.  He approached a fifty inch projection TV
and turned it on.  Immediately it showed an image of Ally's
beautiful body.  He went to a black leather, cushioned lounge
chair.  He sat back and observed Ally's figure on display in front
of him.  She looked beautiful.  He knew that Ally was seeing
essentially the same picture.

     Ally knelt in front of the mirror.  She could see every inch of
her body in the reflection.  She observed the collar and could
see the engraved lettering above the ring that was attached at
her throat.  She could also see her breasts and her sex.  She
liked what she saw and tried to improve her pose.  She knew
that Alex would be watching and she wanted to look as
beautiful as possible for him.

     Over the next four hours she knelt before the mirror almost
continuously, rising only to empty her bowels.  Afterwards, she
would immediately return to the mirror. She returned to a
kneeling position, hands behind her head and knees spread
wide.

     Each hour or so Alex would enter the bathroom and check on
her.  Each time, she addressed him as 'master' and said that she
was fine.  Alex would then return to his chambers and watch
Ally on the big screen TV.

     It was now 8:00 P.M.  They had been at sea for four hours.
Ally's bowel movements had for the most part stopped.  Alex
had discovered this by watching the TV as well as asking Ally
each time he checked on her.  It was time.

     Alex picked up the 'toys' he had kept in his room.  He went
into Ally's room and placed these items on table.  He then went
into the bathroom.  "Follow me Ally," he said.  Ally twisted
around and crawled out of the bathroom behind Alex.  Alex led
her to the table.  When she stopped, she immediately assumed
the kneeling position as before.

     "Time to install the plugs, Ally.  Are you ready?" he asked.
"Yes master," she said.  He first took the 'T' shaped bit, similar to
the one used in the basement.  This one however was made from
one piece of steel, again wrapped in leather.  "Your hands are in
the way.  Clasp them behind your back," he ordered.   She
removed her hands from her neck and puts them behind her
back. "Open wide, Ally," he said.  She opened her mouth and
Alex inserted the bit into her mouth.  He then pulled the strap
around the back of her head and buckled it in place.  The butt
end of the phallus stuck out of her mouth about six inches and
had a ring attached as before.  Then he grabbed a leather
harness.  He pulled this down over her head and began
fastening several straps.  She could feel the straps pulling her
skin and scalp taut.  Straps went across her forehead, along the
bridge of her nose, and under her chin.  A series of other straps
and belts attached to these forming a web over her entire head.

     Next he took the sex-plug.  He took some grease and smeared
it onto the phallus and inserted it.  Ally groaned slightly.  He
then turned the ring while pressing the plate tight to Ally's sex.
"Bend over, Ally, and place your hands behind your head again,"
he ordered.  Ally leaned forward, placing her hands on her
head.  Alex bent down and helped Ally into the proper position.
He placed her head on the floor.  The collar prevented her from
turning her head and she had to prop her head on the end of the
phallus extending from her mouth.  This exposed her ass.  He
spread her legs and grabbed the last plug.  He greased this
phallus and inserted it.  Again he turned the ring while he
pressed the egg shaped plate against the crack in between her
cheeks.  He inserted the end of a blonde colored pony tail into
the socket in the egg.  It hung loosely between her legs.  He then
had her sit up.  He took the ring on each wrist cuff and attached
it to the side rings of Ally's collar.  Now she had to keep her
hands behind her head.

     Alex helped Ally to her feet.  The motion of the sea caught
her off guard and she nearly fell.  Alex grabbed her and steadied
her until she got used to the motion of the sea.  The motion of
the yacht was hardly noticeable but it was definitely greater
than before.  When Ally had regained her balance Alex grabbed
the ring on her rear.  "Now you march, Ally.  Back into the
bathroom,"  Alex ordered.  Ally lifted her knees and set them
down smartly as she did just one week ago.  She marched with
head held high into the bathroom and back in front of the
mirror.  Alex had her kneel again in the same position.  Only
this time Alex took a piece of chain, and attached  Ally's
sex-plug to a ring on the floor.  She was held fast to the floor.
"I'll be back in a little while.  Are you OK?" he asked.

     "Arrgggh," she grunted.

     Alex left Ally as she was in front of the mirror.  Ally could
now see what her new decorations looked like.  She was gagged
and plugged and under the total control of her master.  She
couldn't break free even if she wanted to.  She asked herself if
she wanted to.  She realized she didn't.  In fact she actually
enjoyed the treatment she was being given and craved for more.

     Alex returned to his room and looked at Ally's newly
decorated body on the TV.  She looked wonderful.  He poured
himself a small glass of wine and sat in the lounge chair.  He
watched Ally squirm and try to get comfortable within her
bonds.  Her every move excited him.  He began to get hard but
controlled himself.  This was most difficult, especially since Ally
was so beautiful when she was bound.  He let an hour pass as he
watched her.  It was now 9:00 P.M.

     Alex picked up a few more items from his cabin and returned
to Ally.  She was obviously beginning to get tired.  He could see
her trying to maintain her balance and her body was tense.
Alex unhooked the chain from the floor and helped Ally to her
feet.  Her knees were a bit wobbly.  Alex took hold of the ring
mounted in Ally's rear again and pulled her upright.  "March,"
he ordered.  Ally lifted her knees again and allowed Alex to lead
her to the table.  Alex then took two large nipple clips and
attached them to Ally's breasts.  These were of an unusual
design.  They were two inches in diameter, cone shaped, and
had a ring on the end.  The ring was attached to a spring loaded
rod which in turn was attached to a clam shaped clamp.
Pressing the ring into the device opened the clamp.  Alex did
this and attached it to Ally's right nipple.  When he released the
ring, the clamp receded inside the cone pulling the nipple
inside.  The nipple was under constant tension and this pulled
the cone tight up against  the breast.  Ally groaned when Alex
released the ring.  He tested it to make sure it was on securely.
It was.  He repeated the process with Ally's other nipple.

     Next Alex unhooked Ally's hands and placed them behind her
back.  Alex then connected the rings on the leather cuffs.  Alex
then took a pair of chains and attached one to each nipple
clamp.  He ran the chains down through the ring on Ally's sex,
between her legs, through the ring in Ally's rear, and secured it
to the rear ring of her collar.  He pulled the chains tight so that
Ally's breasts would be stretched.  Alex then attached gold, tear
shaped bells to Ally's nipple clamps and a larger one to the ring
between her legs.  He tapped each of these and they made a
delicious ringing noise. He then attached earrings of the same
design to Ally's ears.  Finally he took from his pocket a pair of
leashes made of gold colored chain with leather handles.  He
clipped these to Ally's nipple rings as well.  He stepped back and
looked at his work.  He liked what he saw.

     Alex then led Ally to the center of the room.  Attached to the
ceiling was a chain that ran through a pulley and to the wall.
Alex unhooked the chain from the wall and pulled the other end
down.  He attached this to Ally's bit.  He then pulled the chain
until Ally was standing straight up but had both heels planted.
He secured the chain to the wall.  "It's 9:30 now.  I'll be back in
half an hour to check on you.  The next thing I'm going to do is
use a paddle on your lovely ass.  Do you still want to continue?"
he asked.
     "Arrgggh," she grunted.  With that Alex went back to his
cabin.

      Ally stood there with her head held high by the chain.  She
felt the motion of the boat and each wave that rolled the boat
made her move her feet.  When she did, most of her weight
pulled on the gag.  She felt the strap on the back of her neck
pull tight until she regained her footing.  This continued for
over half an hour.  She could see a clock on the wall.   10:00
came and went.  Where was he?

       Alex decided to take a shower before returning to Ally.  By
the time he was done it was 10:10 P.M.  He went into Ally's room
to find her hanging quietly.  "Are you ready?" he asked her.
"Arrgggh," was the reply.

     Alex was now carrying a leather clad paddle about a foot
long by three inches wide.  He pressed the paddle against Ally's
left buttocks then took aim and delivered a solid whack.
"Arrggh," grunted Ally.  Ally's left cheek turned bright red.  Alex
repeated the process on the right cheek.

     "Now Ally, I'm going to spank you while you march.  Lift your
knees high and plant them firmly.  Now, march," he
commanded.  Ally began pumping her knees up and down.  Alex
continued to hit Ally's ass with the paddle, first one cheek then
the other.  Ally grunted with each whack  She did all she could
to keep her knees high.  Alex occasionally had to remind her.
"Lift your knees, Ally," he would command as he continued to
strike.  He watched her breasts bob up and down and the tail
wag back and forth.  She looked stunning in her pose.  As he
struck her backside he had to be careful not to hit the egg
sticking out of her rear.  The strokes were placed almost but not
quite on Ally's hip to avoid this.  Alex continued to apply the
paddle for a  good fifteen minutes.  Ally was visibly shaken.
Tears ran down from her eyes and she was obviously crying
behind her gag.

     Alex unhooked the chain from Ally's bit and she immediately
collapsed into his arms.  Alex held her and ran his hands over
her head, petting the straps and her hair at the same time.  He
took a handkerchief and dabbed at her tears.  She had stopped
crying but she was breathing heavily.  "Are you OK, Ally?  Do
you want to go on?"  he asked.  "Arrgggh," she grunted.  He
couldn't believe it.  How could she take all this having no
experience in discipline type games?

     He carried her over to the couch and laid her, face down
across the arm of the sofa.  He let her feet hang to the floor.  He
sat on the sofa and put Ally's head in his lap.  Of course she
couldn't turn her head so her chin was pressed into the bulge of
Alex's pants.  He petted her and ran his hands all over her body.
Her breathing slowed dramatically.

     Alex allowed her to relax until around 11:00 P.M..  At that
point he took hold of the leashes that were attached to Ally's
breasts and lifted her upright.  Alex led her to the table where
there were only two items left, a riding crop and a
cat-o-nine-tails.  "Do I have permission to use these on you,
Ally?" he asked her.  "Arrrgggh," she grunted.  "Good.  Then
would you be so kind as to lean over the table and present me
with your bottom?" he asked.  She leaned over the table and
waited.  Alex took the cat and tested it out by swinging it
through the air.  Then Ally felt the first blow.  Slap!  The cat
struck Ally in the right cheek.  Slap!  The left thigh was hit.
Slap, slap, slap,  Ally's backside was struck many times.  Then
Alex stopped.  "Stay here Ally.  I'll be back in ten minutes.  Alex
checked his watch.  11:30.  "Good, we're right on schedule," he
thought.  Alex went back to his cabin, sat down and relaxed for
ten minutes.  The critical point was almost here.

     Alex returned to Ally, who was still bent over the table.  He
picked up the riding crop.  "This is the most painful type of whip
we use.  I'm going to whip you until five minutes till midnight.
At that point I'll stop, take out your gag and ask you to tell me
what you want to do,  become a slave or turn around and go
home.  I know you said that you wouldn't back down, but this is
going to be a real test for you.  Think carefully before you make
your final decision, OK?" he said.  "Arrggh," she grunted.  Alex
began striking Ally's ass.  Ally's groans were the loudest she
ever made.  Each blow made a red welt on her ass and thighs.
Alex kept beating her until five minutes till midnight.  Ally was
practically screaming behind the gag.  Tears were running
down her face.  Then the beating stopped.

     Alex lifted Ally upright.  Her knees were a bit wobbly.  She
was breathing heavily and sobbing slightly behind the gag.
Alex unbuckled the strap that held the gag in place, then pulled
the strap through the harness, which, since the harness had
been put on after the bit, had trapped the strap against Ally's
face.  Alex removed the gag.  He massaged Ally's jaw a bit.  It
was precisely midnight.

     "So, what do you want to do Ally?" he asked.  Ally took a few
deep breaths.  The pain from her rear was intense and
distracting.  "I need to know.  What do you want to do?" he
demanded.  "I want to go on to the island.  I want to be taken
care of.  I want to serve.  I want to be a slave," she finally said.
"Are you absolutely sure?  There won't be any reprieve you
understand?" he said.  "I'm absolutely, positively sure," she
affirmed.  Her voice was wavering from the pain of her
whipping, but her voice was filled with confidence.  "Very well,
I hereby welcome you as my newest slave," he said.  Alex then
bent forward and kissed Ally full on the mouth.  Their tongues
mingled in each other's mouth.  Ally felt as though he was
devouring her whole.  Alex wrapped his arms around her.  "I
knew you could do it my love," he said.  "I told you I wouldn't
fail you, master," she said with a smile.  He realized she added
the word 'master' as a sign of total submission.  He squeezed her
even tighter in his strong arms.

	Alex held her and kissed her for several minutes.  Then
Alex said, "It's time for another lesson, Ally."  "Yes master," Ally
said,  "I'm ready and willing to learn."  Alex then forced Ally
down on her knees. "Open your mouth," he said.  "A slave always
has her mouth open if it isn't plugged.  Now, keep your mouth
open Ally," Alex said.  Ally opened her mouth and kept it open.
"Good, now you have to remember to open your mouth after you
are done speaking.  Understand?" he asked.  "Yes master," she
said.  After saying this, Ally closed her mouth.  "No Ally, you
didn't open your mouth again after you said 'Yes master.'  Open
your mouth now, Ally," Alex commanded.  Ally opened her
mouth again and tried to concentrate on keeping it open.  "Now,
are you going to keep that mouth open, Ally?" he asked.  "Yes
master," she said.  Immediately afterwards she opened her
mouth again.  "Excellent,  that's what I wanted to see.  You'll
need to concentrate on keeping your mouth open to whoever
wishes to use it.  Now I think we're done with your mouth for
now,"  Alex said.  After saying this, Alex took the bit and
re-inserted the phallus end into Ally's mouth.  He fastened the
buckle securely.  Then Alex grabbed the leashes and pulled Ally
to her feet.  She groaned, "Arrggh."

	The leashes were about  six feet long.  Alex ran the chains
through Ally's legs and put just a little tension on them.  Alex
then picked up the riding crop in his right hand as he
transferred the leashes to his left.  He gave the leashes a little
tug.  "Arrggh," Ally grunted.  "Now Ally, we're going to teach you
how to respond to leash commands.  When I tug once, you are to
start marching in place.  Two tugs mean to stop.  Once you are
marching in place I am going to drive you with the riding crop.
I'll just give you a slap every now and then.  As you march, I'll
direct you by pulling the chain against the inside of either thigh
when I want you to change directions.  At some point in the
future you will be required to march blindfolded.  The chain
will be the only means of direction you will have.  Now let's try
it," Alex said.

	Alex gave one good yank on the leashed.  Ally started
marching in place, with knees lifted high.  Alex enjoyed seeing
the tail wag as before.  Slap, Alex lowered the riding crop onto
Ally's behind.  She started to move forward.  Alex kept just a
tiny bit of tension on the leashes.  Then he pulled the leashes
hard to the right and the chains pulled against Ally's right inner
thigh.  She turned to the right as she marched until Alex let up
on the tension.  Then he repeated the process on the left side.
The cabin wasn't very large but Alex was able, nonetheless, to
give Ally the idea.  Alex gave two quick tugs and Ally froze.

	"Wonderful Ally, You did magnificent.  I want you to
remember what you just learned.  You will be made to march
very often in this manner when you land.  I think you'll make a
lovely pony," he said.

	"Pony?" thought Ally.  "I didn't realize.  I guess I can live
with it.  I do love him so!" she thought.  She lifted her head up
higher and arched her back.  Alex saw this.  "Yes, you do look so
lovely, my dear," he said.

	Using the same leash commands, Alex led Ally through the
door and into his own cabin.  She marched as he had instructed
and received several cracks from the crop as she went.    When
they entered the cabin Ally's eyes became transfixed on a gold
cage.  The cage was seven feet long and two feet high.  Alex led
her over to it.  Alex then unhooked the two padlocks that were
hanging in the latches and opened the top.  The lid was in two
parts with a latch for each.  It opened somewhat like a coffin.
The bars were gold plated steel and were a half inch thick.  On
the bottom was a two inch thick mattress.

	Alex unhooked Ally's hands from behind her and attached
them again to the side rings on her collar.  Then he told her to
step into the cage and lie down on her back.  This she did with
great difficulty because of all the ornaments she was wearing.
When she finally was prone,  Alex closed and locked the lids.
The padlocks closed with a distinct click.  She was caged like an
animal.  "Try and get some sleep.  You've been through quite a
lot today.  You have a long day ahead tomorrow."

	Ally lay on her back staring at the bars over her head.  She
closed her eyes and tried to sleep.  She was exhausted.  "Now I'm
his," she thought.  Fear crept in as she tried to sleep.  She had
surrendered her body to him.  Every part of her was his.  The
thought of futility held her fear in check.  What good was it to
be afraid?  She had to do as she was told.  He had bound her and
decorated her so she had no choice.  And without choice there
was no need for fear.  He said she would not be permanently
harmed.  Her backside still burned from the crop but the
burning excited her.  All this she took in as blackness crept into
her mind.  Ally finally dozed off into a wonderful dream.

	After Ally was placed in her cage, Alex dimmed the lights.
The switch had a dimmer.  He just lowered the lights enough so
that he could see her.  He left them dim enough, however, so
that she wouldn't be kept awake by them.  He stared at her for
the longest time before leaving the cabin.

	Alex then went up to the bridge.  On the bridge were the
captain and his mate.  The captain's name was William
Sternhaus and he was assisted by his mate, a Mr. Jim Engleside.
"So, how is it going gentlemen?" Alex inquired.  "I'm afraid not
as well as expected sir," the captain said.  "What's wrong?" Alex
asked.  "Mr. Engleside will explain," said the captain.  "Sir, I'm
afraid we're not making as much headway as we usually do.  We
are unfortunately running into a fifteen knot breeze and it's
pushing the tide against us.  Weather reports show no major
storms in our path however. The seas  shouldn't get much worse
than they are now, by the way.  The bottom line is we will land
two hours later than expected," said Mr. Engleside.  "Very well.
If you haven't done so, please radio ahead and inform the island
harbor master of the delay.  I will be in my cabin.  Inform me of
any other changes,"  said Alex.  "The island harbor master has
already been informed.  I will wake you should anything
unusual arise," stated Mr. Engleside.  "Thank you gentlemen,"
Alex said.  Alex turned and left.

	Alex returned to his cabin and slowly opened the door.
Ally was sound asleep.  Good, he thought.  She could use the
sleep.  "I think I'll let her sleep the extra two hours.  Let's see, I
need two hours to prepare her for the landing."  Alex went over
to a night stand and set an alarm clock for 8:00 A.M.  He then
slipped off his clothes and sacked out.  From where he was he
could see Ally's cage.  She looked so peaceful and beautiful lying
there.  He dozed off quickly with Ally's vision on his mind and a
smile on his face.

	Around 6:00 A.M. Alex awoke with a start.  Ally was
grunting and groaning  and making all kinds of noise.  She was
trying to shake the cage in any way she could.  Alex rushed over
to Ally and quickly unlocked her cage.  He was obviously
worried.  If she got seasick she could drown in her own vomit.
Alex quickly unbuckled the gag and removed it.

	"What's wrong Ally?" he asked.  "I'm scared!" she cried.  Alex
helped her to a sitting position and took her over to the bed.  He
had Ally sit on his lap and wiped her tears.  "It's OK honey.
That's a perfectly normal reaction.  You're finally realizing that
you are no longer free.  You will get used to it.  Trust me."  Ally
tried as best as she could to bury her face in Alex's shoulder.
With her hands locked to the sides of her neck this was quite
difficult.  Alex tried to comfort her.

	Alex took a handkerchief and wiped any remaining tears
from her face.  Then he wiped her nose.  He ran his hand
through her hair.  "To hell with rule number one," he thought.  "I
love this girl and nothing will ever stop that."

	Alex held Ally in his arms until she regained her
composure.  Then he reached for the gag and was about to
replace it.  Ally spoke,  "Please master,  could that wait for a
little while?  My jaw is so sore."  Alex looked at her.  "Normally I
wouldn't do this but OK.  You tell me when you're ready for it."

	Alex began rubbing his fingers along Ally's jaw.  She
moaned softly as he worked the circulation back into her
cheeks.  But touch is a strange thing.  Alex couldn't help
noticing Ally's soft, wonderful skin.  His massaging became a
gentle caress.  He moved his fingers from her jaw to her
forehead and then to her cheeks again.  Then he began touching
other parts of her.  He felt the smooth collar with its plates and
rings, and the skin under her chin.  He moved his hands lower.
His touch became ever so delicate.  He was barely touching her.
He ran his hands into Ally's cleavage.  Then she felt him
running his hands around her lovely breasts.   "Oh, how
wonderful!" she exclaimed.  "Shhh," he said, "Slaves don't talk,
remember?"

	"I'm sorry, master," she apologized.  "That's OK honey," he
said.  Alex continued to run his fingers over her breasts.  He
gently would lift them slightly as his fingers went under them.
Ally's breathing increased.  Alex noticed this and looked into
her eyes.  Oh, what beautiful eyes.  His gaze wandered down to
her lips and all at once he found her lips firmly planted on his.
He pulled her closer to him, pressing her body with her lovely
breasts against his.  Their tongues mingled together.  The kiss
went on for what seemed like a thousand lifetimes.  Alex and
Ally floated in a world full of nothing but ecstacy,  their wildest
dreams were now reality.

	They kissed and kissed.  Finally, Alex gave Ally a final peck
on the lips.  Ally knew they were done kissing.  "I'm ready
master," she said. "I'm ready for the gag."  Alex was impressed by
Ally's submission.  He put the gag into her mouth again and
buckled it tight.

	"OK?" he asked.  "Arrggh," she grunted.  "Let's see. It's 7
A.M. now.  Before I forget, we've run into some unexpected
oncoming currents and it's going to take an extra two hours to
get to the island.  Nothing to worry about though.  Our e.t.a. is
now 10:00 A.M.  I'm going to let you relax for another hour
before I finish preparing you for your arrival.  Lie face  up on
the bed Ally."

	Ally stood and leaned over the bed.  Alex helped her onto
the bed and then climbed in next to her.  Ally could feel the boat
gently rock and it added an extra factor to the atmosphere.  All
Alex could do was stare at her.  He picked up the touching of
her body where he stopped earlier.  He now moved his hands
even lower on her body.  He caressed her abdomen,  gently
probing her belly button.

     He moved his hands lower and touched the plate on her sex.
He ran his fingers all over the ornamental carvings and the
ring.  Ally began groaning again.

	The alarm buzzed.  Was it really 8 o'clock?  Alex turned off
the alarm.  "Time to get you ready."  Alex helped Ally out of the
bed and had her stand.  The boat was moving too much and she
fell back on the bed.  "OK, just sit there.  It's obvious that the
boat's rocking too much for you to stand in those heels."
Alex then unhooked the chains that were attached to her
nipples, both the chains that went between her legs and the
leashes.  He set them aside for later use.

	Alex went for the last of his 'toys.  Alex got an idea.  He
unhooked Ally's hands and took her over to the door.  With the
door open he had Ally grab the door jambs and steady herself so
he could work.  First, he wrapped the corset around her body
and began hooking it.  The corset was made of black leather
with half cups.  It was strapless.  At several places there were
metal rings attached.  There were garter straps at the bottom
also.

     Ally felt the corset pull tight.  She stood in the doorway
steadying herself with her hands.  It was difficult in the 6 inch
heels but she managed.  When Alex began to put his weight into
the stays, she braced herself and helped him apply pressure to
the laces.  The heavy boning made her waist much smaller and
lifted her breasts high.

   Alex took her hand and led her back to the bed.  Alex then
took out a key and removed her heels.  "Wait here."  He went to
the closet and took out a pair of black leather hip boots.  The
boots had 6 inch heels also.  He placed the boots on Ally's legs.
There was a zipper along the outside of each boot and he zipped
each one up to her hip.  The kid leather felt like a new skin to
her.  Ally could feel a padding at the front of the knees but it
was tapered so as not to be evident from the outside.  Alex
finally connected the garters.  Each of the buckles where both
the garters and zippers were connected had a small keyhole.
The ends of zipper and garters looked like miniature seat belt
connectors.  Only a key could remove them.

     Alex turned his attention to her nipples.  He checked the
clamps again.  They were still firmly attached.  He checked for
damage or bruising, and except for a bit of reddening, there was
none.  "Good," he thought.  He took the leashes and reattached
them to her nipple decorations.  He decided to leave the other
chain off.  His thoughts were that the chains just didn't look
right with the corset.

     "On your knees, girl," he commanded.  Ally got off the bed and
couldn't help but land on her knees.  The boat was pitching in
three foot seas now,  She dropped to her knees more because of
the rocking deck than from her own volition.  Alex took the last
item, a blindfold.  Ally balked.  She started groaning franticly
and held up her hands in an attempt to stop him.  "Put your
hands down!  Don't make me use force."  She dropped her hands.
He could see tears start to flow.  "It'll be OK."  She raised her
head and pushed her face toward the blindfold in an act of
submission.  The black leather blindfold was applied.  It had
two bulges on the inside that gently pressed against the eyelids,
thus preventing Ally from looking out the bottom of the
blindfold.  "Follow me."

     Alex took the leashes and pulled Ally along.  He led her up
the stairs at the stern and brought her up on deck.  The sun had
been up an hour or so.  Alex could see the island in the distance.
"Kneel up Ally.  I can see the island.  We'll be landing shortly."

     Ally took up the position.  She placed her hands behind her
head spread her knees wide.  Alex saw this then continued, "I
expect you to behave as I've taught you.  You'll be marching
blind.  Remember the leash commands and do as you were
taught.  When you are not marching you are to stand perfectly
still with your chin raised in tribute.  And don't let the leashes
go slack!"

     Ally groaned to acknowledge his commands.  She was now
totally under his control.  The island was near.  Oh, how she
wished she could see it.  She could barely hear the surf
pounding over the engines' roar.  She could smell the sea.
Memories of her father returned.  Thirty minutes later she
heard the engine noise reduce.  They were there....

So ends part 3.  Part 4 will detail Ally's introduction to 'Island
Life.'
--
