Copyright © 1997,    GoDSpiT.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.



The McFare Academy
By: GoDSpiT

In the continuing tradition of GoDSpiT: For those that trust and those that don't move along.    This story is not about sex.   Though yes there is sex in the story.     (Preteens having sex, M/F, F/F more)   As usual: THIS STORY IS COMPLETE FICTION.   The children in this story are written like adults in some manners and in others they are written like children.  If you do not like stories with out a lot of sex then please pass this one up.    ~<g> GoDSpiT


Part 1.

Chapter 1


	Apprehension,  fear, and anger were perhaps the first words that came to my mind that year.   I am not sure why those words were the first ones that mark the page of my youth perhaps it has something to do with my parents and the love that they never gave me or the place that they were sending me.   It was not that I didn't like the idea of a private school or anything like that it was just that I didn't want to do it on my parents terms so that they could get rid of me.   I was only nine years old and at that age where I needed my parents more than I needed anything else.   The private school was one of those that was old and quite grand.  It was not though a private school just for girls it was a boy/ girl school which means that I would feel more like it was a public school except for two things.   First you sleep at the school, second there was only like fifty boys and fifty girls at the school.   
	My parents named me Christen Apple,  I go by the name Chris though my parents call me Christen.  I am a very beautiful girl, with light blonde hair that goes down to about the middle of my back.  My eyes are a dark green that seem to glow in the dark or so one of my friends told me once.   I was only ten years old at the time and my little body had not yet started to develop.  I had two small little pink nipples on my chest that sometimes stood erect like when I got out of a bath or shower and the outside was colder than the shower water.   Sometimes though they would get hard when I masturbated.  Yes I do masturbate and that is another reason why I didn't want to go to a private school that meant I would have to share a room with another girl my own age or a little older and that meant that I wouldn't be able to masturbate anymore.   My legs were long and skinny perhaps a little to skinny but I liked being skinny.    I was a very sexual oriented girl even at that age.   My skin is milky white, I was once asked if I wanted to be a model do to this white skin but I never wanted to model.
	Maybe that wasn't my fault; it was probably my parent's fault.  They taught me about sex when I was eight and asked them where children come from.   Most parents in the 90's did that, but my parents went to a further step than most would have.   They even agreed that I should masturbate and learn about my body so that I would know what I liked and how I liked it.   Me I was not sure how I should feel about all of that at age eight.  But at Age nine I was in the shower and I started to rub my pussy and some amazing feelings came over my body that night I started a tradition of masturbating in my bed and had continued to do so every night up until this year.   My parents had decided to send me to this private school because they wanted me to learn in a place that they knew I would learn in.   Perhaps that is a good thing  perhaps not.   I will never regret or get mad at my parents for sending me to a private school but I will never forget the two years that I spent at the McFare Academy for Academic Learning.   I will never forget the teachers,  or one special person that to this day still remains in my life.
	Before the McFare Academy my schooling had all been public and my parents had gotten me to take a test that I had no idea what it was for.  When I found out I was in shock for a few days that I had actually been accepted into the McFare it is one of the best Private schools in all the state that I grew up in (Maine).   Well it was the best Private school for elementary kids.  So perhaps I was happy about being accepted but I still didn't want to live with out my parents in my life.  I would only see them on holidays and that meant that I would not see much of them at all in the next two years.     My life I felt was like a whirlwind at that time it was just all going so fast so fast that I couldn't control it and I didn't know how to stop it from happening.   So it was that I packed my bags full of all the important things that I would need for living the next two years.   My parents were in a way sad to see me leaving but in another way they were happy for the opportunity that was being offered to their ten-year-old daughter.
	I don't remember most of the three hour car rid up the Academy I don't remember pulling into the round driveway and seeing the large waterfall that to this day still stands and gushes water forward.   I do remember looking up at the three story building (plus an attic) and feeling fear in my body.   The place reminded me of one of those horror movie houses or a place out of a V.C. Andrew's book.   Either seemed to a ten year old girl fearful and inspiring at the same time.   The walk up the large steps with my dad were perhaps the hardest of my life.   I was scared of what these people would think of me and what these people would do to me that would change me from this day forward.   For some odd reason I remember my father opening the door for me and me going in.   That day I was wearing a plaid skirt that went down to almost my knees and a pair of knee high socks that I found alluring and daring at the same time.   I also wore a shirt that was tight and showed off my flat chest.  I was quick to learn that day that tight was not correct.
	I remember as we walked down the halls we passed two girls who were both wearing the uniform that I would be wearing for the next two years.   It was a dark skirt that went to the knees and a pair of white knee high socks and a loose blouse that was white with a vest.   The suit was very private like and was in fact one of two things I did not like about going to a private school (the other being that I was going to be three hours away from my parents and friends).  We walked down the hall past the girls.   One of them looked to be my age the other looked to be around two years older.  The girls were both very pretty with their long brown hair tied back in a bow hanging down their backs.   The girls both had the same nose and face and looked to be sisters.   
	We reached a door that said Supervisor/President  Mrs. Sharper.    I had a forbidding about all of this I was so scared that she was going be some tight ass old women with a bun of hair tied on her head.   Instead it turned out totally different.   My father knocked on the door and a sweet voice said for us to enter.   There she was behind a desk.  She was quite beautiful, Mrs. Sharper was only in her late twenties.   She had long hair that was almost black and eyes that were like the ocean blue.   She was one of the most striking women that I had seen at that time in my life. Her face was very angelic and her body was shapely though she hid most of the curves of her body under the sharp professional clothing she wore.  "Ah you must be Mr. Walters, and this must be Christen Apple Walters the daughter that your wife has told me about."   She was smiling all of my fear of this encounter were wiped away.   
	"Yes Mrs. Sharper this is my daughter Christen, though usually we call her Chris."   
Mrs. Sharper nodded and stood up.  She walked over to me and took my hand.   We shook and she said,  "it is nice to meet you Christen,  I hope that over the next two years you will come to me with any problems."  Then she sat back down.  "I feel that I should explain these rules to you Chris in front of your father so that your parents know that we are trying to build a comfortable environment for our students to live in.   First off you will have all weekends off to do whatever you wish.  We have many activities that happen on the weekend that will be explained to you in the coming days.  We also let you wear whatever you feel comfortable with in reason.  For example what you are wearing would be acceptable on weekends."  She paused and smiled then continued.   "On Fridays we generally let you wear what you want to class though it must be something that is acceptable.  If you wish to know what is acceptable just ask any adult."  She looked down at a piece of paper.  "You will be rooming with a girl your age named Kate.   She is a very talkative person and I am sure that you and her will hit it off.  If not you can come talk to me and we will see about a room transfer."   With that she stopped and looked at me her blue eyes sharp and questioning.  "Any questions?   If not we could walk your father to the car and get your bags.  I will have one of the servants Manuel carry the bags up to your room for you.  Hopefully you don't have too many?"
	I said,  "no ma'am all I have is two bags of clothes and one bag of other necessities."   Mrs. Sharper smiled at that and stood up. 
	"Well then lets walk your father to his car and get the bags then I will show you the place and everything about it.  I hope that you enjoy it here Christen I really do."   We all stood up and walked back to the car.  And at that point I thought to myself that maybe just maybe this was going to work out.


Chapter 2

	We walked my father to the car and one of the servants named Manuel got the bags.  He was on older man and looked to be in about his forties.  I smiled at him but he didn't smile or even nod back.  All he did was grab my bags and get out of the front of the building as fast as possible.  My father was talking to Mrs. Sharper before he got into the car and started the engine.  He said to me,   "now sweetheart we will call you in a few days and see how everything is going."   I nodded and said good bye.   Then he was gone driving down the paved road leaving me in a place full of strangers.   
	Mrs. Sharper smiled at me and said,  "Come Christen I will show you around the activities area and then I will show you to your room so that you can get settled before dinner begins."   We walked to the back of the school and into the activity yard.   There were many different things to do and we were allowed to do whatever we wish after school was over for the day and on weekends.   "Dinner is always at six sharp.   You can have two helpings and as much to drink as you wish."   She smiled at me and said all of this as if it was a gift from the Gods themselves.   I only nodded as she led me upstairs.   "The classes are all in the west wing which is over that way and through this hall here.   You are expected to be to your first class at seven thirty in the morning.  Classes end at three."   She smiled and continued on down the hall.  We passed a door and a boy stuck his head out and smiled.   He was very handsome with dark brown hair and a very handsome face.  That was all I could see.  "Hello Jimmy,"  Mrs. Sharper said as we started to pass the kid.
	"Hi Mrs. Sharper is that the new girl with you?"
	Mrs. Sharper stopped and smiled at the boy.  "Jimmy this is Christen,  Christen this is Jimmy the Academies local genius."
	The boy blushed slightly and said,  "Well not really all I am is lucky enough to get the answers right."   He laughed at his own joke and stuck his hand out.  I shook it and he said,  "I will see you around Christen I hope."  With that he closed his door and we started to walk on.
	"Jimmy is a good boy, he is a grade above you though but I am sure that you will see some of him because he is always around somewhere doing something stupid or pointless."   We continued on down the hall and turned down another hall until we reached a door at the very end.  "Each room has its own bathroom.   There are forty rooms and ten class rooms the class rooms do not have restrooms but there is one around down there somewhere."  She knocked on the door and said,  "Kate are you decent in there?"   
	A voice that seemed almost alive with life came through the door.  "yes Mrs. Sharper I am decent."   
	Mrs. Sharper opened the door and said,  "This here is your room Christen.  Hopefully you will enjoy being here and will like learning with us."  The room was large, about the size of my room at my house.  It was definitely large enough for two people to live in.  Kate was sitting on one of the two beds in the room each one on either side of the room.   She was wearing the school uniform that she had worn that day to school.  Her knee high socks were still on but her shoes were on the floor.   The room was clean with two desks and a door to a bathroom in the back.  At once I liked the room.  My bags were on the floor beside one of the two dressers.  Mrs. Sharper said,  "I will see you around Christen.   Remember if you ever need anything my door is always open.   Why don't you and Kate get to know one another before dinner in an hour."   With that she left the room closing the door behind her.
	I looked over at Kate she was quite beautiful I discovered.  Her eyes were large and dark blue-green.  Her nose was slightly turned up she had a line of freckles going from under one eye to the other.   She had the classic young girl beauty that so many pedophiles are attracted towards.  I could tell that she had a small round little ass and her legs were just as skinny as mine.   She put down the book she had been reading (something for school) and got up.  She walked over to me and said,  "Hi nice to me you."   I smiled and gave her my hand.  We shook hands and I nodded.   "So are you going to say anything or is it going to be like when Marsha was here God the girl couldn't say one word to me she was scared I was going to kill her or something."
	I laughed when she said that.  I couldn't help it the thought that this girl who was not even as tall as me or as strong as me, this girl that was much more delicate than me. Not that I wasn't delicate or anything because I was a very delicate girl with very delicate and small features, but hers were even more fine detail than mine.  "No I wouldn't want to be like Marsha now would I?"   From that moment on talking with Kate became second nature.
	She smiled again and said,  "so you like Mrs. Sharper?"  I nodded,  "she is a nice lady, but be warned she likes little girls."   She didn't laugh at this joke so I had to think about it for a moment.  "I am not joking with you Christen.   I do joke a lot but not this time.  Mrs. Shaper likes little girls, I am not sure about little boys but one of the teachers does like little boys."
	I sat down on my bed and said,  "do they try to do anything with the kids?"
	Kate laughed and said,  "no they wouldn't do anything with the kids they just like to look I suppose."   
	I was relieved I could handle looking that didn't bother me.  I had caught my father looking at my body once and that had in some ways turned me on.  Ways I couldn't explain.  "Please Kate call me Chris."   The girl nodded and from that moment on I got my new name.   We talked about mainly girl things and reasons why we ended up here at McFare.  As it turned out Kate was sent here because her parents felt Public school would destroy the girl and the fact was she was going to be bumped from one Private school to another the rest of her life.   We talked about what else but boys.  "So are there any cute boys here?"
	Kate laughed when I asked her that,  "of course there are.  There is Jimmy (he is one year older than us).  Brad is really cute but he's not a virgin he had sex with one of the girls that use to be here last year.  Then there is Timmy and Aaron.  Some others too but I can't always remember names just butts."  I laughed at that and she smiled,  "see I told you I was a joker."
	"Yeah and Kate let me tell you I feel like I have known you for years."
	She nodded and said,  "Ah Chris you have you have you just didn't know it."  She laughed and said,  "let's go get dinner.  The girls all eat in one wing the boys in another expect on Fridays.  We all eat together on Fridays."   My first day at a new place was starting to shape up differently hopefully it would still be in a good way I really hoped for a new beginning.

Chapter 3

	The dinning hall was broken into two sections one for the boys and another for the girls.  The teachers and Mrs. Sharper ate in there own dinning area or their own rooms.   Servants brought the food out and it was self serve after that.  There was more than enough for everyone to have two helpings but I didn't and probably wouldn't be able to have more than one helping.  I sat next to Kate and she introduced me to her circle of friends.  "Hey everyone this is Chris.   Chris these are Ruth,  Cary, Nicole, Michelle, and Ginger."   Introductions were done and everyone started to ask me questions about where I was from and such.   Then they all talked to me about the teachers and what they were like and which ones to stay off of the bad side of.  Ruth was the quite one,  she was not as beautiful as the rest of the girls.  She was cute but not strikingly so.   She had long dark blonde hair and deep brown eyes that were beautiful.   She was as skinny as most of the girls sitting at the table her body though spoke of age and growing.  She had two small breasts that were starting to grow on her chest.  I learned that all these girls were ten years old.  The rest were between eleven and twelve.   
	Then there was Cary,  she was by far the most that resembled Ruth,  her hair was almost the same color her eyes were the same color and her nose was turned up and slightly to large for her face, though I later learned that didn't stop her from having sex. Cary was in her own way quite beautiful and when she got out of the awkward stage and turned seventeen she became a model, nowadays you see her picture posted in magazines all over the place.   Then there was Nicole.  Nicole was Spanish I could tell right away by the shape of her face.  She was quite beautiful with lucious lips and she was also wearing a training bra like Cary.   All three girls seemed to be really close to each other.   Michelle was the most beautiful of all the girls sitting at the table, though I would learn later that they thought I was the most beautiful that in fact most of the girls at the school felt that way.   
Michelle had dark red hair that hung in waves down her face to the middle of her back.   Her skin was flawless with no freckles.  It was so white,  my skin was as white as hers, and it was almost a milk whiteness that we both had in common.   The only difference was the hair color hers was red mine was blonde.  She was as flat as I was and her body was as perfect as mine.  The only real difference was that her nose was not turned up like mine and her face was not quite as small or delicate looking as mine.  Then last came Ginger.  How do you describe a girl that is as good looking as Ginger.  She was flawless perhaps that is why I am considered more  beautiful because I do have flaws in my body, like the fact that I am so small and delicate.  You can feel the bones in my arms when you just lightly touch them.  If I stand naked my ribs would slightly show.  I am not that thin  because I want to be it is just the way that my body was built I was born to be delicate and have man (or women) be delicate with me.
	Ginger on the other hand was stunning there was no flaw in her.  She was not as skinny as Michelle or me.  In fact Michelle was not as skinny as I.  Ginger's hair was curly and light brown.  Her eyes were a sea green, her nose was turned up and as small as mine.  Her chin was perfect and her lips were already full.   Her chest was not flat,  she was only in a training bra but one days he would be wearing a C cup.   She grew up and had a very strange life,  after the two years here at McFare she was changed forever and her parents continued to send her to private schools just like McFare.  When she turned eighteen Ginger dropped out and became a huge international porn star and she now is seen on the Playboy channel and in Playboy and other such porn magazines all the time.  In fact her first pregnancy was totally video tapped and put on the Internet as porn.  
	That was our group of people,  perhaps it was chance that we were the seven most beautiful of all the girls at the school at least in our age group. Or  perhaps it was just luck that I ended up meeting some people that would forever remain in my life as memories or as friends.  While we ate we talked about things that were not totally important.  Kate was the wisecrack of the whole group she got us laughing and before long the whole table of girls had stopped talking and were listening to her jokes and impersonations.   Kate went on to become a comedian and she is one of two people that I knew at McFare that I still talk to, Michelle is the other.   Kate is still quite good at making me laugh.   
	After the dinner all of us went back to our rooms.  Michelle and Cary had the room next to us and they came over to Kate and my room.   "Okay now that we are in private it is time to tell you some things that most of the kids at this school already know."   Kate began.
	I sat down on my bed and said,  "Like what?"
	Michelle laughed and said,  "oh nothing serious.   First off though they don't tell you that you can boys are allowed in your room on Fridays."   Boys!  Yeah that was the first thing that I thought.   I didn't quite at this time understand that there was sex going on at this school.   Why should it surprise you that kids were having sex?   It is the nineties!   "They don't care what you do on weekends at all,  they don't care if you spend the whole time upstairs in your room and do nothing at all, or if you end up sleeping with a boy.   Most of the boys that can ejaculate have condoms.   You do know about sex right Chris?"
	"Of course I do my parents taught me some and I learned the rest myself."   
	Michelle nodded and Kate picked up where she left off.  "If any of the girls that can get pregnant do get pregnant they don't get kicked out they usually though do leave because they tell their parents.  Though some of them decided to stay and have the kid and put it up for adoption.  Anyway the school has had to pay parents off for them to not go to the state council.  Most of the teachers like to look at kids,  Mrs. Sharper likes little girls in fact she has had sex with one girl that was ten years old.   The girl was the one I was talking about earlier Marsha.  Some of the girls at this school are bisexual or lesbians.  Most of them have rooms with a girl that is the same way as them.   As far as I know none of the boys are gay but who can be sure in this world today.  Anyway last but not least all of us here have boyfriends sort of except me because Willam left at the semester.  He is still my boyfriend it is just that he isn't here anymore we still talk a lot and he lives close to my house."
	Kate stopped and Cary said,  "Yeah most of the ten year old boys have one of us girls as there boyfriend.  In fact the only boy that has not been in a relationship is Jimmy, you know the smart one.   Ginger tried to get close to him as did one of the girls that we don't like Tina, but he didn't really try anything or anything like that.   He is very smart but I don't think he knows anything about girls."   She smiled and sat down.    She added as an after thought,  "no sex is not the only thing we think about."
	I laughed at that and Kate said,  "hey I am the joke teller here not you!"  She playfully hit Cary with a pillow and soon all the rest of us were throwing pillows at each other.   Cary fell on top of Kate and pushed her into the bed.   Kate was yelling under her,  "Hey let me up let me up when I get up I am going to kill you!!"   I was laughing so hard that I didn't see Michelle coming at me with a pillow.  I was hit right on the head with the pillow.  I turned to Michelle who was already trying to get away and grabbed her arm.  I pulled her back to me and hit her on the head with my pillow.   Soon Michelle and I were chasing each other around the room.  Kate had turned the tide on Cary and the girls were now rolling on the floor wrestling.   Soon though all four of us got tired and we all ended up laying on the floor.  
	I was breathing hard and laughing at the same time.  Michelle spoke up first.  "Damn it feels good having four people instead of three usually when Cary and Kate fight I don't get in on the fun."   Everyone laughed harder.  
	"Yeah well with Marsha gone we got nothing to worry about.  The girl was a bore.  She never talked she never did her homework she never did anything!!"  Everyone laughed at Kate's joke and sat up.   
	"When is bed time around here?"  I asked.  
	Michelle whacked me with her pillow and Kate said,  "Silly bed time is around ten or eleven.  You decided when you are tired.   But you have to be up at six for breakfast!"   
I whacked Michelle back and soon she was running towards the door and when she opened it and ran out back towards her room I threw the pillow at her and yelled,  "AND DON'T COME BACK!"   Then I closed the door.  A few minutes later Michelle opened it.  Kate, Cary and I were all sitting on the floor talking about this and that.   
	"I'm back."  Michelle said.   She sat down beside me.  Perhaps I didn't feel up to hitting her again with a pillow or perhaps the game was just over for now.   "So now we just got to get you a boyfriend.  Maybe Jimmy will talk to you or like you!  Then again maybe one of the older boys will want you!"   With that Kate laughed.
	"Yeah right look at her Michelle.  All those older boys think of are Tits, tits, tits!"  everyone laughed and Kate continued.  "I mean look at that girl she so skinny that she may never grow tits!"   Everyone laughed again.  Never grow tits will that was true enough.  To this day my tits are only the size of lemons.  "And what about you huh Michelle you think you are going to grow tits when they don't start to grow Aaron is gong to dump your ass."   Michelle threw my pillow at Kate.  Kate ducked but barely.   "Plus you got to remember something about Jimmy guys he is a year older than us."
	Cary spoke up,  "Yeah but he is barely a year older than us,  and he is only one grade ahead of us.   Plus he doesn't even want to date girls that are in his class Marie told me."  
	Kate smiled and said,  "Oh it just figures that the most handsome of all the boys is gay!"  Everyone cracked up at that one.  A few hours later after we had talked about classes and such Michelle and Cary went to their room to get some sleep.


Chapter 4

	After the door to the room closed and Kate was alone with me she smiled and said,  "Thank God that the bore Marsha is gone."   With that she stood up and walked over to her dresser.   My clothes were still in my suitcase so I walked over to it and opened it up.  I looked through it until I found my night clothing and I pulled them out.  Kate said,  "So do you want the bathroom first or can I have it."  I agreed to let her have the bathroom first and off Kate went.  I heard the shower start so I went over to my other suitcase and pulled out a magazine that I had planned to read in the car, but instead had decided not to.   The room did not have a television but we did have a radio.  I turned the radio on and it was already on a station playing good music so I left it.   
	Twenty minutes later Kate came out of the bathroom and I got up and got ready to go in.  She was wearing her nightclothes now.  A long shirt that went down to her knees and some panties I am sure.   She also was wearing a pair of short socks and her hair was let down from the ponytail of earlier.  "Your turn."  She giggled, and   I went into the bathroom and closed the door behind me.   The mirror was fogged up but I ignored it.   I pulled my shirt over my head and noticed that my nipples were slightly hard.  I unzipped my skirt and slid it down my legs and stepped out of it.  I slipped my panties down and now stood naked in the bathroom.   I could feel that my pussy was slightly damp and I was feeling the same way that I felt at night when I needed release.
	I climbed into the shower and stated it.   I figured that it would be okay if I was in the shower for fifteen or so minutes because that was about how long Kate was in.  I felt the hot water hit my skin the sensations were great.  I got the wash cloth and put some soap on it and started to wash my face and then go down washing my arms and my chest and stomach.  I washed my legs and then I slightly spread them and started to wash my pussy.  I used the cloth to make sure that the whole area was clean then I drooped the cloth and started to run my hand up and down the slit.  I was so wet now I couldn't even think correctly.
	I slowly slid one of my fingers into my small tight hole.  I liked the feel on my finger as my pussy gripped it and let it go.  I used another finger to explore my clit.  I started to get my good feelings and Iet out a moan that I hoped was not too loud.  My pussy clamped down on my finger as I started to orgasm.  I closed my eyes and let the feeling flow across my body. When it ended and the waves of orgasm had passed I slid my finger out and washed it off with the cloth.   I stepped out of the shower and realized that I had probably been in the shower for twenty minutes.   I slipped on my panties and my long nightshirt that went down to my knees and walked out the door.   Kate was sitting on her bed and looked up at me.   "Must have been a good orgasm to keep you in there for so long."   She started to laugh and roll around on the bed.  "Sorry but I've never been in a room with another girl that masturbated."   
	I smiled and sat down on my bed.  "Yeah well get use to it."  She nodded and sat up.  "So what do we do now turn out the lights and go to bed?"
	"Only if that is what you want to do.  In a few minutes Cary and Michelle will be back over here and we will play truth or dare.  Which is always fun when you got a new person to play with.  Oh boy do we have some questions for you."    With that she laughed and a few minutes later Michelle and Cary showed up.
	We all sat around on the floor in a circle.  Michelle was wearing a pair of boxers and a shirt.  Cary was wearing the same thing as both Kate and me.  Kate started.  "Okay first I get to ask a question to someone.  Hmm who should I ask first. Oh I got it.  Okay Michelle truth or dare?"
	"Truth."
	"Okay ready for my question here it comes.  Have you ever done anything beside kiss Aaron?"
	Michelle's cheeks blushed up and she bowed her head, "yes."
	"What have you done."  Cary spoke up.
	"He...he licked my pussy, and I sucked his cock."   All three of us got quite.  That was further than I had ever been.  And it looked like that was way past both Cary and Kate.  
	"Oh boy you mean you actually what was it like?"   Cary asked.
	"It felt weird in my mouth it wasn't like he shot anything off or anything he is still too young if he had I probably wouldn't have done it."    So now Michelle had the floor she turned to me and said,  "What about you Chris how far have you gone?"
	I bowed my head and looked back up at them and said,  "I have let a boy touch my pussy and make me have an orgasm but that was as far as I would let him go.   I just felt that he wasn't the right boy to loose it to."   All three girls nodded and then I continued.  "I was right because when I wouldn't go any further he dropped me and went out with a girl named Susan Wintly though we all call her wetly because she is always fucking boys."   They all laughed.   The game continued but the rest of the questions were about other things until close to the end.   When I got to ask a question.   "So has anyone here ever thought about doing it with another girl?"
	The whole room got quite and Kate was the first one to speak up.  "yes I have."
The others agreed and I said,  "not that it means anything is wrong with us we are just curious about our bodies and the bodies of other girls."
	Cary spoke up,  "Maybe one day we will try something but who knows right."   That was where it ended.   We all had to go to bed so that we could get up tomorrow morning and go to classes.

Chapter 5


	The next morning I was woken up by a loud sound.  I rolled over and tried to turn my alarm off and then I remembered where I was and that that was more than likely Kate's alarm.  I sat up in bed and rubbed my eyes.  Kate was sitting up in her bed stretching.  I looked over at her and noticed that her hair was messed up and some of it was sticking up.  She smiled at me and I said,  "Good morning."   We both got out of our beds and that was the first time that I noticed Kate wasn't wearing any panties.   She pulled her shirt up over her head and I would be lying if I said I didn't look.  Like most girls my age I was curious about the body of both females and males.  Kate was still as flat as me and her little nipples were hard.   Her stomach was thin and flat but she was in no way as near thin as me.  I pulled my shirt up over my head as I walked over to my dresser.  I didn't catch Kate's eyes on my small boney ass but I could feel someone watching me.  I looked over at her again and smiled.  I noticed her bare little slit and the slight puffiness of it.  I turned back and pulled out the only clothes that the school had given me.
	I slipped on the blouse that went down and covered my panties and I then pulled the skirt on and tucked the blouse in it before zipping it up in the back.   I then pulled out the long socks that went up to my knees and slipped them on.  Kate was doing the same thing as me and we were both about ready to go.  I slipped on my shoes and she slipped on hers and we both smiled.   Classes began at seven thirty and it was already seven ten.   "You will get your books today Chris and probably some homework we always get homework for some stupid reason."   She smiled at me and opened the door to our room.  Michelle and Cary were standing outside waiting for us.  Michelle smiled at me and we all three set off towards the classes.  
	The halls for the class rooms was smaller than the living hall we had only six classes that was all that was really needed for One hundred students.  Each of the three grades were broken up into two classes each.   Each grade had about sixteen students in it.  Like I said it was a small private school and I learned that not all the students lived in on the campus in fact the ones that didn't live on campus didn't live more than two miles away from the school.  We went to the first class of the day, which was one of two that we had.  All three girls were in the class with me along with 16 other students.  I only had one different class than the rest of the kids in this grade with me.  I was in a higher math and that would mean that during the math period I would have to go to another class that would have no one I knew in it.   
	The first five classes were all basic classes and then it came time for math.  I went down the hall and to the right directions that Kate had given to me.  The class was already filling up with students and I walked in.  The teacher asked to see my schedule and I showed it to her.  She pointed to an empty seat and there beside it was someone I did know though had never talked to.   I sat down in the seat next to him and he whispered to me,  "hey remember me Jimmy?"  I nodded yes and he said, "so you are smart girl at math huh?  Trying to show me up?"   I smiled and whispered no to him.
	The teacher a old women named Mrs. Baker said,  "If you must talk Christen please do it after class."   Then she began to teach.  Jimmy got a weird look on his face and I tried to ignore him. I couldn't believe this I had gotten in trouble on my first day of class and all because a smart-ass boy had to ask me a question about my brains.   When the class was over and I was stating to walk out Mrs. Baker stopped me.   "Ms. Walters if you feel you must talk in my class then please go find another class somewhere else."  
	"I am sorry Mrs. Baker I will not do it again."
	"You had better not."  With that she let me go and I started to walk out of the classroom.
	As I stepped out heading back towards my room and to talk to Kate about what had happened another hand grabbed my arm and I turned around to look at the handsome face of Jimmy.  He was tall I noticed taller than me by at least four inches.   His eyes were very beautiful and he had smile that would light up a room.  But I was in no mood to talk to the boy after all he had just gotten me into trouble.  
	"Look uh Christen, I am sorry for getting you in trouble on your first day.  I know how important it is to make a good impression on your first day.  Look I want to make it up to you.  How about if I go in there and tell her that you had nothing to do with it that I started the conversation and that you didn't want to be rude."
	I smiled slightly and said,  "what will that do to help me Jimmy? I already got in trouble and she is not going to take that back.  I was talking to you and. . .forget it.  I started to walk away but he caught up to me and started to walk with me. 
	"You room with Kate right?  I take it then that you are a year younger than me.  You look five years younger."
	Thanks for the compliment.  "Look Jimmy what are you getting at I really don't want to talk to you.  More than likely you will just get me in trouble again."  I started to speed up but he was much faster than me and kept pace with me.  
	"I am sorry Christen.  Please forgive me look I would like to be your friend.  I know I am a bastard and all of that crap right now.  But please just think about it okay."  He stopped walking and I stopped also.
	I looked back at him other kids passing us in the halls.  "Okay Jimmy, look I am sorry also.  I didn't mean to get mad at you it is just that if I get in trouble again I don't know what will happen."
	Jimmy laughed and said,  "Mrs. Baker has a corn up her ass that is her problem."  He started to walk with me again.  We walked past his room and turned down the hall.  "Look Christen."
	"Chris pleas."
	"Okay Chris.  Look I just wanted to let you know that I think you are really cute."  With that he disappeared. I continued the walk to my room and saw that the other three were already in the room.  Cary smiled at me when I entered.
	Kate looked over and said,  "so what took you so long."
	I smiled and sat down on my bed.  "I was talking to Jimmy he is in my math class."
	"What did he say to you."  Michelle asked.
	"Well he got me in trouble at first but after he apologized it got better and before he took off he called me cute."
	Cary piped up and said,  "really he called you cute?  I have never heard Jimmy call any girl cute.   That has got to mean something."
	I smiled and blushed lightly,  "yeah well he is pretty cute himself.   At that Kate laughed and Michelle threw a pillow at me reenacting last nights riot.

Chapter 6

	Friday came before I thought it would.   Before I knew it the final day of the week was here.  Every day of the week I had been enjoying myself and talking to Jimmy after the last class became regular we didn't talk for long but every day it got a little longer.   And now Friday was here and I was finally going to meet and have to set around all my friends boyfriends.   I learned the boys names.  Of course there was Michelle's boyfriend Aaron.  He was cute in a way sort of but I could tell that Michelle thought the world of him and by the way that he looked at her I could tell he thought the same way about her.   Then there was Cray's boyfriend Steven.   He was very handsome but not as good-looking as Jimmy was.   Kate's boyfriend of course didn't go to this school anymore.  He was two years older than her anyway.  The other girls didn't really have boyfriends.   
	We were eating our dinners the boys were talking mostly some of them asking me questions.  I didn't even notice when Jimmy sat down next to me.  Michelle looked at him and that made me look over  at him.  He smiled at me and said,  "You don't mind if I sit here to you Chris?"  I shook my head no and he continued,  "Good cause I was going to sit here anyway."  He looked over at Michelle and said,  "Hi Michelle how has it been going?"
	"Fine."  She turned back to her boyfriend and they whispered some words.   I didn't really understand what was going on with Michelle and Jimmy but I did know one thing, there was something she hadn't told me about Jimmy and her.   Jimmy talked to me for most of the meal.  We talked about school where I had gone before I came here, where he had had gone before he came here.   We talked about books we had read and such.  When dinner was over Jimmy went over to where his friends were and I followed Michelle, Cary, and Kate out of the dinning room.   Cary was the only one that brought her boyfriend with her.  They went into the room that Cary shared with Michelle.   
	When we were in Kate and my room I turned to Michelle and said,  "so what is it you didn't tell me about you and Jimmy."
	Michelle bowed her head and looked back up at me.  "It has nothing to do with him or anything he did to me.  It was something that I did to him and he forgave me for doing it but when I get around him I still remember doing it."
	I didn't want to force her to tell me anything she didn't want to tell me so I was very frustrated when I asked my next question.  "So what did you do to him?"
	Michelle sat down on Kate's bed and sighed heavily.  Kate went to her and put an arm around her.  "Michelle it is okay to tell Chris she has a right to know especially since it seems like Jimmy likes her." 
	Michelle nodded her head and said, "I almost raped him.  I was so angry at him one night when I was talking to him.  I wasn't angry over something like school or something that he did.  I was angry that he didn't want to sleep with me.   I was so pissed off that he wasn't attracted to me or my body.   I mean hell I thought I was one of the best looking girls in the school and Aaron would agree with that but apparently to Jimmy I wasn't his type.  He likes smart girls I suppose and none of the girls here are really smart.  I mean I am smart but not the way that he is looking for.  I suppose I am too much of a goof off."  She smiled and continued.  "So one Saturday night I tried to get him interested in my body.   I went over there in a tight shirt and tight jeans.  They showed off my whole body.  I asked him for help with my math homework and well we were laying on the bed.  At one point he laid on his back and looked up at the ceiling talking about some things in his life.  At that point I jumped on top of him and started to kiss him on the lips and slid my hand down in-between our bodies and started to rub his already hard cock.  A boy would have been nuts not to go hard around me when I was dressed sexy.  I am sure the same holds with you Chris.   Anyway I started to unzip his pants and slide my hand in to feel his hard cock and before I knew it he had pushed me off of him and he started to yell at me telling me to stop it.  Eventually I ran out of the room crying and told Cary what had happened.  I was so embarrassed by it that I never talked to him except once to apologize."  She bowed her head softly crying.
	At that point I tried to figure out what was wrong with Michelle.   She seemed like a smart person.  Maybe not the smartest in the world but she was smart enough too not do things like she had done with Jimmy.   Maybe it had something to do with the fact that Jimmy was one of the best looking boys in the whole school and he didn't want any girl at the school.   But she had said he got hard when she was rubbing against it so that left out him being gay.  Plus I had caught him looking at my ass once and it had made me blush and thrilled that a boy was looking at my skinny boney small ass.   "Michelle, Kate if you will excuse me I am going to go for a walk."   The two only nodded.   I walked out of the room and started to walk down the hall.
	I had no idea where I was going I walked past Jimmy's door and went outside.  Some of the kids were playing out side still throwing balls around and such.  I didn't hear anyone come up behind me until a voice spoke.   "You know a girl as pretty as you could get hurt walking outside by herself."   I turned around and Jimmy was standing before me.  His green eyes were shinning and he was smiling the same weird smile he had had in math class.  "So you going to stand their not talking and blush or are you going to say something."
	I bowed my head and blushed even deeper.  "I am not blushing."
	His smile widened and he put a hand on my chin and brought my face up wards until I was looking into his eyes again.  "Sure you are but I won't tell if you won't."   His smile vanished and he said,  "I suppose you asked Michelle what had happened huh?"
	I nodded my head and said,  "you didn't come on to her at all?"
	He laughed and said,  "Hey I am a boy you know.  She is a sexy girl, but mentally I wasn't attracted to her so I decided that I wasn't going to do anything with her.  And then that night she jumped me and tried to force me I couldn't believe it.   Michelle was like another girl Irene, she thought that body was all that mattered at the time that she did that.  Now she is with Aaron and they are very much alike."   He started to walk and I felt his hand take mine.  I couldn't explain it I liked the feel of his hand covering mine of him protecting me.   Perhaps that is crazy or perhaps it is just fate.   We walked around the building to one of the sides and he stopped there.  "I hope you are not mad at me Chris."
	I looked over at him and said,  "Why would I be mad at you Jimmy you didn't do anything wrong."  
	"But I wanted to do it."  He bowed his head,  "I want to take Michelle and rip those clothes she was wearing that night off of her and fuck her silly until we both were too tired to think.  I held back because then I would have been using her for my own sexual desires."
	I smiled and took his hand again.  "I am not mad at you Jimmy, just as long as you don't try to use me for your sexual desires."
	He looked into my eyes and said,  "Never."   I smiled and we started to walk back around to the playing yards.   "do you want to go somewhere private and talk?"  I nodded my head and he said,  "lets go to my room.  Randy my roommate is not in there right now he is out here playing football and should be out here for the next four hours or so.   But don't worry I swear I won't try anything we are just going to sit and talk."   
	I said,  "I know you won't Jimmy.  Even if I do turn you on.    Wait a minute do I turn you on?"
	Jimmy smiled and said,  "In more ways then one Chris,  in more ways than one."    He laughed and we arrived at his room.   I don't quite know how long we talked it was at least two hours before I decided that I should go back to Kate's room and tell her and Michelle that I was sorry.    Jimmy let me go with out much of a fight.  He did kiss my cheek though and that did leave me feeling warm and blushing.  As I was leaving he said,  "you know Chris you blush way to easily."  I blushed harder and he said,  "I like it."   Then I left the room.

Chapter 7

	I arrived back at the door to my room and started to open it when I heard a sound and noticed the lights were off.  I figured that Kate was probably already asleep.   It was only eight o'clock but maybe she was tired.  I opened the door slightly and what I saw I will never forget for the rest of my life.   Kate was laying flat on her (there was enough light from the nightstand for me to see everything) back.   Her little pink nipples were hard and there was no sheet on her.  Her flat stomach was beautiful,  and her hair was in disarray on the pillow.  I couldn't see her bare little slit because Michelle's mouth was covering it.  Michelle was already naked.   She was very boney like I said before but not quite as thin as me.  I watched as Michelle continued to thrust her tongue into Kate's small little pussy.   Every now and then Kate would put her hands in Michelle's hair and let out a cry of pleasure.   
	Kate all the sudden gave out a cry of pleasure and started to buck her hips really hard against Michelle's mouth.  The other girl just continued to suck on Kate's pussy.  Kate went into orgasm and as it passed she laid there on the bed quite.  Michelle scooted up and soon the two girls were kissing deeply on the lips.   When the kiss broke Michelle looked over at in my direction not because she knew I was there but  because she was standing up.  I saw in full glory her naked little slit.  It was so beautiful almost like mine so thin and so white.  I could tell just by looking at her bare little slit that she was wet still.   "How long have you been standing there Chris?"   That was when I realized that my slit was starting to get wet.  
	"Only a few minutes."
	"Come in."   I walked in and she smiled at me some of Kate's juices on her mouth still.  "I suppose you want to know what happened again huh?"  She laughed and Kate sat up.   Being naked in front of me bothered neither of the girls.
	"Only if you want to tell me."
	Michelle smiled and said,  "Kate tell her about how turned on you get around me."
	Kate smiled also and said.   "Well after you left I was holding Michelle in my arms and she was crying and well I looked into her eyes and told her everything was going to be okay that you weren't mad at her, because you see Michelle is really attracted to you.   I just looked into her eyes and well I just brought my lips to hers and before I knew it we were kissing passionately.  Her tongue was thrusting into my mouth and mine was thrusting into hers."  My pussy was getting really wet by not and it was starting to itch.  I really needed to masturbate but not now.  "well we started to pull our shirts over our heads as we continued to kiss and then well we stood up and started to undress each other.  We pulled each others skirts off and then well our panties.  I left my socks on because Michelle likes socks on.   Then we started to kiss again our pussies were so wet by  now.  I started to rub her already wet slit and she started to rub mine.  We were moaning with pleasure."  Both girls were rubbing there slits now again.   "Then I laid her down on the bed and slowly went down over her body kissing her nipples biting them also.   Then I went over her stomach her beautiful flat stomach.  You know you can almost see her ribs.  I am sure that we could see your ribs if you laid down Chris."  I nodded and smiled.  I knew that they could because I could.   "Well anyway I reached her pussy and started to eat her out.  You have no idea how turned on by now I was.  I was thrusting my tongue in and out of her little pussy and I was loving it.   Then she had an orgasm and I loved that even more.   After that she had me lay down and we kissed on the lips.  She loves the way that she tastes and the way that other girls taste also.    Then she slowly went down over my chest and my stomach.   She reached my pussy and soon I was feeling like she was."   She stopped and said,  "Okay so do you  hate us now."
	I smiled and said,  "No in fact it really turned me on."
	Michelle looked up at me and said,  "Hey does that mean that you would do something with me?"   
	I blushed and said,  "umm I don't know I have to think about it for awhile."    She nodded and now I had two people one boy and one girl who were both attracted and turned on by me.  I walked over to my bed and sat down.  Michelle was sitting across from me.  I liked the way that her bare little pussy looked with a few juices still on it.   The lips were as white as mine.  Her skin was not as fine or as prone to the sun as mine was but her skin still had the milky quality that mine did.  She smiled at me and I smiled back.  
	"So where did you go after you left Chris?"   Michelle asked me the smile still on her face.
	"I went for a walk and bumped into Jimmy we got to talking and ended up in his room.  And no we didn't try anything no matter how much you might have wanted us to Michelle."  
	Michelle laughed and stood up slipping her panties (which were on the floor) back on.  Kate was laying under her covers now looking very tired.    Her eyes were closed and I was willing to bet that in a few minutes she was going to be sound asleep.   Michelle was now totally dressed and was walking to the door.  "You think about sleeping with me Chris think really hard about it."   Then she was gone.   And my mind was left to think about sleeping with a girl and sleeping with a guy.  As my luck would have it both of them turned me on immensely.

Chapter 8

	Saturday morning arrived finally.  I woke up in my bed dressed in my nightclothes and looked over at Kate's bed.   The girl was already up and doing whatever it was that she wanted to do.  It was ten in the morning, which meant that I had missed breakfast, but this was the only day you were allowed to miss meals.  I slipped out of my bed and walked over to my dresser.  I pulled my nightshirt over my head and discarded it on the floor.  I pulled out one of my dresses and slipped it on over my head.  It was a dress that fit snuggly against my body and went only to the middle of my thighs.   Then I slipped on my socks that went to the middle of my shin and my doc's.  I usually didn't wear my boots but today I felt like it.  I was about to walk out the door and see where Kate, Michelle, and Cary had gotten to when a knock came at the door.  "Who is it?"
	Jimmy's voice answered back.  "Can I come in Chris?  Or are you not decent?"  
	"Come on in Jimmy."   He opened the door.   Jimmy was wearing a pair of shorts that day and a shirt that had some music band on it or something.  He looked at me and smiled slightly.  "What you smiling at Jimmy?"
	It was the first time that I had ever seen him blush even slightly.   Usually I was the one that blushed around him.  "I was just thinking that I was right.  You do dress up very nicely."   He laughed nervously, probably thinking I was going to hit him or something.  Instead I blushed.   We must have looked like to idiots to Michelle and Aaron who were both now standing in the doorway.  
	Michelle looked from Jimmy to me and back at me again and said,  "Hey Chris do you and Jimmy want to join us.   Kate and Cary want to go to the lake.  Want to come along?"   
	I looked at Jimmy and back at Michelle.  She was dressed very nicely that morning.  She was wearing these really short shorts that showed off her little ass perfectly.  Her shirt was loose and covered the shorts if it had not been tucked in that is.  "I don't know about Jimmy but sure I don't want to sit in my room all day and miss the fun."   
	"Yeah sure I will come also.   Do we need bathing suits?"
	Michelle said,   "Only if you don't want to get your clothes wet."   She laughed and started to walk out of the room again.  "Oh and plus you don't have the time to go get them."   We all started to walk out the door.  For a minute there I thought Jimmy wasn't going to follow but then he caught up to me and I felt him slip his hand around mine.   I smiled and continued to walk.
	"Can't let you go with them without me.  I might miss you."   He whispered into my ear.   In a few minutes we arrived outside and went down a path that led out back to a lake.  There was no one else there but Cary, Steven, Kate, and another boy who looked two years older than all of us.  
	I whispered to Jimmy,  "who is that?"
	Jimmy leaned closer to me and said,  "that is Kate's boyfriend Randy.  He went here last year.  They met and fell in love.  As far as I know he is now going to some public school up the road.  He lives near the school and always comes on the weekend to see her."   We arrived and Randy looked over at Jimmy and me.  I know I saw his eyes stop on me and look me up and down.  I didn't really mind.  I really doubt that Kate minded.  
	When we arrived over to where the four were standing Randy held out his hand and shook Jimmy's.  "Hey Jimmy man, how's it been going?"
	Jimmy took his hand out of Randy's and placed it back in mine.  "Pretty good so far."
	"I see you finally decided to go out with someone?"
	Jimmy looked over at me and said,  "I don't know if it is really going out.  This is Christen she just transferred here this year."
	"Everyone calls me Chris."
	Randy shook my hand and said,  "Nice to meet you Chris.  Hopefully Jimmy isn't trying anything you don't want him to."   There was something about Randy even at this point that I didn't' like.  I couldn't explain it.  Maybe it was something with the way that he talked or the way that his eyes seemed to bore though my clothes and see me naked.  I am not sure.   But something about the boy scared me to death.   Pretty soon though we all broke up.  Michelle and Aaron jumped in the water first and were soon swimming around.  They were kissing every once in awhile.  Cary and Steven were laying on one of the riverbanks talking and occasionally kissing.   Randy and Kate totally disappeared.  For some reason I now knew she had been lying about not having sex.
	Jimmy and I ended up sitting on the peer.   The lake was not a large one it was probably only two miles across in all directions.  Jimmy took my hand and said,  "I came to your room this morning because I wanted to ask you a question."   
	I looked over at him and into his green eyes.  That was one thing that we both had in common our green eyes.  "What did you want to ask me Jimmy?"
	"Well I was wondering if you would consider going out with me."   
	I bowed my head and said.  "Jimmy I would love to go out with you but I doubt you will want to go out with me."  He started to talk but I put a finger on his lips.  "Let me finish.  I doubt you will want to go out with me when you learn something about me.  I can't promise you that I won't sleep with someone else or something like that, because you see I am really attracted to Michelle and she is attracted to me."
	Jimmy looked out at the lake where Michelle and Aaron were now kissing.   He looked back at me.  "I seriously doubt that Aaron knows about that.  So why bother telling me that you want to sleep with her?"
	I smiled and took his hand.  "Because Jimmy I want to be honest with you.  I like you a lot.  Thoughts of you turn me on.  But the same is true with Michelle she turns me on also."
	Jimmy sat in thought for a moment and then he said,  "I don't consider that cheating on me.  The only way that you could cheat on me is to sleep with another guy."   
	I smiled and said,  "then yes I would be honored to go out with you."   He smiled and brought his arm around me.
	He whispered in my ear.  "Don't ever tell anyone this Chris but the thought of you and Michelle doing it really turns me on.   But you know what else turns me on.  Your little body."  He pulled away and we looked into each other's eyes.   Maybe it was the moment or the thoughts going threw our heads I am not sure but I leaned closer to him my green eyes looking into his and our lips met.   At first the kiss was simple just lips touching lips.  We were both still breathing.  Then I felt his tongue as it slowly traced my lips.  My eyes were now closed enjoying the new sensations brought out by the kiss.   Then he slipped his tongue into my mouth and as our tongues met and started to coil around one another the kiss deepened and I felt his arms go around me in an embrace.  I loved the feel of his strong arms around me.   I felt his hand slide down my back and to the top of my ass.   Then the kiss broke and we looked at each other.  At that moment everything seemed perfect.

Chapter 9

	Sunday morning arrived before I wanted it to.  I didn't want Saturday to ever end but I had no choice in the matter.   The world does keep turning and turning and doesn't stop.  Sunday morning I was woken up by a knock at the door.  At first I thought it was going to be Jimmy or Michelle but when I opened the door there stood Randy, Kate's boyfriend.  "Hey Chris, I came to get something for Kate because she forgot it."  He walked in the room and looked me up and down again.  If I had known what was going to happen this morning I wouldn't have let him in that room.  He walked over to her bed and started to look around then he turned to me and walked back over to me.  
	The look that appeared in his eyes was frightening it scared me almost to the point of breaking and running.  I tried to back away from him but he grabbed my arm and pulled me closer to him,  "You know you are so much better than Kate."  He started to rub his hands up and down the back of my body and he said,  "oh yeah so much smaller and so much more beautiful."  When I tried to break away from the fourteen year old boy he thew me onto my bed and started to pull my nightshirt up over my head.   He continued to pull it up until it was totally off and on the floor.    I tried to stop him but he had my arms pinned now with his own.  My legs were pined also.  He let one arm go as he unzipped and unbuttoned his shorts.   Then he pulled his hard on out of his boxers threw a hole in them.   I looked at the large hard organ and he smiled,  "oh and you are so much easier to have than she ever was."
	He ripped my panties off at that second.  I was trying to fight to break free to get away from him and to keep my legs closed at the same time.  He pushed against me harder and spread my legs with one of his.  I could feel his breath on my face.  "Oh little Chris you are definitely a good little fuck!"  I felt his hard cock as it pushed inside my pussy.  I can't explain the pain that I felt at that moment as that much larger, very forced hard cock pushed into my body.    He thrusted it into me and I felt my hymen break.  The pain was so much that I yelled and he just grunted and continued to thrust.   "OH GOD YEAH SO FUCKIN' TIGHT" He yelled over my scream.   And then I felt something shoot into my body from his body.   Then he collapsed on top of me and a few minutes later I felt something different happening.  I opened my eyes and saw that Jimmy was standing there hitting Randy and Michelle was off to the side.  Aaron was also hitting Randy.  Kate was no where around.  I felt Jimmy pull Randy off of me and I fainted.

	I am not sure when I woke up but I felt a wash cloth on my head.  I opened my eyes and saw that I was now under my covers and Jimmy was sitting in a chair beside the bed.  Mrs. Sharper was standing beside the bed along with Michelle and Kate.  My body still hurt, I think I hurt more inside than I did outside.  Jimmy smiled at me and said softly,  "You okay Chris?"
	I tired to nod my head but I couldn't move it more than an Inch.  It wasn't that I hurt all over or that I couldn't think correctly.  I was just not sure what I should do now.  Mrs. Sharper removed the cloth from my head and said,  "Its okay now Chris the boy is gone now the cops took him away.  Nurse Adams was in here earlier you have been out for about two hours.  You are okay the bleeding stopped and she said you will be okay."   Mrs. Sharper stood up and said,  "Jimmy, Kate watch her for awhile okay?"    They nodded as Mrs. Sharper walked out of the room.
	When she was gone Kate walked over to me and said,  "Look Chris I am sorry."  She got down beside me and gently started to stroke my hair.  "If I had known that he was going to come up here and rape you I wouldn't have let him in here.  I feel like I have known you all my life and that we are sisters or something.  He said that he would go get my purse for me when I said that I forgot it.  I . . .I didn't think that he would come up here and try to rape you."
	I smiled at her and said,  "I know Kate I know."   She nodded and tried to stifle tears as she got up and walked out of the room.   Jimmy was the only one left in the room with me now.
	He leaned down and kissed my forehead and then my cheek.  "My poor little Chris.  I know you probably don't trust boys right now, but I promise you I would never do anything against your will."   
	I smiled and scooted in the bed.  "Hold me in your arms Jimmy please."   He nodded and slipped under the covers with me.   I noticed that I was wearing my panties again, but that was all that I had on.  Jimmy slipped his arms around my delicate thin body and he brought me into his embrace.  I loved the feel of his much larger body wrapped around mine.   I felt as safe as I could ever be.  "I love you Jimmy."
	He smiled and kissed my forehead.  "I love you too Chris.

Chapter 10

	Monday morning I didn't want to get up and go to school.   I didn't feel good and the area in between my legs hurt more than it had the night before.   Kate was very understanding and told me that she would tell the teachers that I was not feeling well.   Though we were both sure they knew what had happened.   I was sure that most of the other kids knew what had happened here yesterday afternoon.   I tried to sleep most of the morning but found that I couldn't.  Around lunchtime a knock came at my door and I said that they could come in.   I thought it was going to be Jimmy coming to see me but instead it was Michelle.   She didn't speak a word she just slipped in bed with me and pulled me into her arms.   She was wearing her school clothes so I could feel the blouse pushing against my chest.  Her skinny arms wrapped around me and I let mine wrap around hers.   She kissed my head and said,  "oh my delicate little Chris."   
	At that moment I felt so much love and affection for someone else.   Perhaps it was something that had happened over the last few days or perhaps it was just destined to happen this day no matter what.  I pulled away from Michelle and we looked into each other's eyes.  Our lips meet slowly and unsure.  The touch was like an electric shock and slowly we both got use to our lips touching.  The kisses deepened as our breath deepened.  I am not sure when Her tongue shot into my mouth but at the first contact of tongue on tongue a shock was sent down each of our bodies.  I am not sure when I felt her hand slide down my body and reach my ass but at the touch of her small hand on my small ass I felt like I belonged with someone at last.   The feeling was the same that I felt for Jimmy, it was as deep as what I felt for Jimmy when he was near me.  I pulled back and let my own instinct take over.  I laid Michelle on her back and slowly started to unbutton her shirt.  I pulled her shirt back over her shoulders and revealed her small hard pink nipples.   She smiled down at me as I slowly brought my lips to her right nipple.
	I kissed the nipple softly and felt a shiver of pleasure ripple though Michelle's body.   I realized for the first time that I was wet, it was the first time that I had gotten wet in a whole day.  Michelle smiled down at me as I continued to explore her right nipple.  I brought my tongue out and flicked it against her nipple and this sent another ripple though her body.  I continued to explore.   I sucked on the nipple next this got a loud groan from Michelle's mouth.  Then I moved to her left nipple.  I slowly kissed this hard little nipple also.   As I sucked on her nipple I finished unbuttoning and pulling her shirt out of her dress.  I slowly moved my mouth downwards.   I loved the feel of her silky white skin.  I loved the way that her milk white skin felt against my mouth.  I slowly pulled her skirt down revealing her panties.  Her panties were the same low cut sexy panties that I wore sometimes, but they were a different color than the blue ones that I owned.  Hers were red and seemed to fit her red hair perfectly.
	I pulled her skirt off and dropped it to the floor.  Her shirt was still on along with her socks and I had no desire to take either off.  Her legs were now spread and I gently started to stroke her pussy though her panties I could feel the outline of the curve of her pussy.   The way that the small organ was shaped.   She was definitely turned on.  Her pussy was so wet.  The pain in-between my legs had faded to a dull lull as I continued to explore her body.   I pulled her panties down next.  I can not describe the way that her pussy looked.   It was the same milky white as her skin and as my skin.  The lips were small and perfect.  It was obvious that if she had had sex with Aaron that it had hurt her a lot.   Before I looked at Michelle's pussy I never knew how small I really was.  I brought my tongue down and licked up and down her outer lips.  I liked the sweet taste of her juices and continued to lick her outer lips.   Her hands slowly went though my hair as I continued to turn her on.  
	Then I spread her legs wider and opened her lips.   The delicate flower inside was revealed to me.  Standing straight up and hard her clit was ready for my mouth.   I slowly used my tongue to circle around it.  I knew she would be as delicate as me.  I knew not to touch the clit it would send a sensation of pleasure though her body that would send her into orgasm and I wasn't ready for that just yet.  I reached the hole of her pussy and gently I thrusted my tongue in.  Her hole was so tiny and so small that even my tongue had a little trouble getting in.  I let my tongue slide in and out a few rounds liking the taste of her very wet pussy.  Then I moved it back up to her clit and slowly started to lick around it.  I took my pinky finger and gently I thrusted it into her pussy.   Her pussy was not that tight around my pinky finger so I pulled that back out and used another one of my fingers.  Her pussy was tight around this finger.  I liked the way that the walls of her pussy contracted against my finger as I moved it in and out.  Then I brought her to orgasm as I slowly licked her clit.  I felt the first shudder on my finger the next one though made her hands claps in my hair and her hips buck.   She continued to orgasm until her body slowly started to clam down the shivers in her body slowly vanished and she felt relaxed and calm.  I laid down beside her and looked into her eyes.
	Michelle was still breathing heavily, as was I.  "Oh god Chris I never knew it could feel so good."   She sighed and brought her lips to mine.   She tasted her own juices on my lips and we continued to kiss deeper and deeper until I felt her hand slowly sliding in-between my legs a tingle of pain went threw my body and I pulled away.   "Shhh don't worry I will be delicate I promise Chris.
	I nodded and let her continue to touch my pussy. She slipped my panties down off of my body and smiled at me.  I laid on my back and she got on top of me.  She was slightly more heavy than me.  We kissed some more and then she slowly brought her mouth down to my nipples.  I remember the touch her mouth on my left nipple.  The way that she kissed it and sucked on it.  The pleasure that it brought to my body.   The way that it made me tingle between my legs.  I could feel my pussy it was so wet now that I couldn't even think rational thoughts.   Making Michelle cum had almost made me go over the edge also.   She slowly started to trace the whiteness of my skin and then she reached in-between my legs.   I remember as her mouth slowly started to lick up and down the outer lips of my pussy.   She was so delicate and so sure of herself.  I did feel a small tingle of pain mixed in with the orgasmic pleasures but it was nothing compared to what Michelle was doing to my body.
	She spread my lips and slowly started to rub around my clit.  The pleasure I felt was so much that I felt my hands clasp in her red hair.  I was almost there and she knew I was.  I remember feeling her small pinky finger run up and start to slide into my hole.   That was the only finger that I could ever fit inside my pussy but now as she slid it in I realized that it was not big enough to totally cover from wall to wall.  Then I felt the same finger I had used on her enter into my whole.   This finger though was too tight now.   She slowly moved it in and out.   I felt my body shudder one final time as I went over the edge.   Ripple after ripple of pleasure was sent though my body as I continued to feel her mouth on my clit.   There was a small amount of pain mixed in but it was lost in the pleasure.  I bucked my hips and grasped her hair.   Then as it slowly ended I let go of her and felt my body slowly starting to go to another world.   I couldn't' help it I was falling asleep.  I remember feeling Michelle lay down beside me and slip her arms around me.  Naked together we were soon both fast asleep.

Chapter 11

	I am not sure what woke me up a few hours later.  Perhaps it was a voice or a chair moving.  I am not sure.  I could feel Michelle's arm still laying across my chest and I looked over.   Jimmy was sitting in the chair he had been in yesterday.   He smiled down at me and gently moved the hair out of my eyes.   I smiled up at him and he said,  "Hi."
	"Hi."  I said back to him and sat up.  I let our lips gently meet.  I knew he could see my bare chest and I am sure that he could see Michelle's as well. When the kiss ended I laid back down in bed and covered Michelle back up.
	"I didn't expect to find you and her laying in that bed when I got here."
	I looked up into his eyes and said,  "are you mad Jimmy?"  
	He laughed and kissed my forehead.  "I think that is why I love you so much Chris always caring about someone besides yourself.  I have never seen two girls more beautiful than you and Michelle.  In fact to tell the truth both of your bodies turn me on."
	Out of the blue Michelle spoke up.  "Then why didn't you want to do anything with . . .me." I could tell that she had a pained expression on her face.  I didn't see it until after it happened but Jimmy reached his hand out and slowly stroked Michelle's cheek.  
	She was slightly crying I could feel it though where our bodies were touching.  "Oh Michelle you never let me get close to you all you wanted was to have sex."
	"I was scared you wouldn't like me if you got to know me."   He only smiled and kissed her forehead as delicately as he had kissed mine.   The rest of the afternoon it was the three of us.  Michelle and I laid in the bed and Jimmy sat in his chair.  I am sure that occasionally Jimmy got a view of either Michelle or my nipples and our whit chests.   We talked for a few hours about stuff and I learned that all three of us had a lot in common more than we all had cared to admit.  
	At one point Jimmy said,  "what did I do to get to delicate flowers?"
	Michelle sat up in the bed not caring if he saw her chest.  He did look at it I noticed hell he had looked at mine also.  "Delicate we may be but we only need one man to take care of us."   From that day forth Aaron was out of the picture.  Perhaps that was for the best or maybe it was the way that it was always going to happen.   Michelle had planned on dumping the boy anyway because all he ever thought about was how hot she was going to be when she started to grow breasts.   That first night Jimmy, Michelle, and I talked for hours. At one point we had him turn around as both of us slipped on some clothes.  We let him turn around when we were in panties.  I remember the feel of his eyes as they looked up and down my body and then as they did the same to Michelle's.
	"I have never seen two girls with such white skin.  You both probably burn easily in the sun."  I only smiled.   Michelle and me turned to each other and kissed on the lips.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw Jimmy shift his pants.  It was good to know that we had the power to turn the boy on.  We both turned back as Michelle started to slip on her blouse and skirt.  I pulled on a pair of shorts and a loose shirt.  Jimmy smiled as I slipped my shirt over my head;  "well I now know which one is thinner."
	Michelle smiled and said,  "I have known that for a few days Jimmy, Chris is thinner than I am by about six or so pounds."   Jimmy smiled and agreed.   Perhaps I should explain or relationship in a more understanding way.  Jimmy loved me more than he did anything else in the world he loved me more than he did his own parents I believe.  Michelle was the same way.  She loved me so much that she couldn't even look past me at another guy or girl.   Both of them were a part of me.  They were both representative of one side of me.  Yet they loved each other also.  It was different than the way that the loved me though.  Michelle and Jimmy turned each other on sure, but they were both more in love with me than they were with anything or anyone else.   That is why Michelle left Aaron and why Jimmy didn't have a girlfriend.   Well besides me that is.   Over the next week all three of us would take walks or go to the lake.  We talked about anything that came to mind.  Anything that was important.  And no we didn't have sex we were not at this point ready to have sex.      	
	The things that we all three agreed on right away was the way that our kids should be raised around sex.    That they should even be encouraged to join in the sexual relations.  Though none of us was sure what was going to happen after the next year we all knew one thing.  We wanted to be together for a very long time.  I learned that Jimmy lived close to me.  He was only about two hours away.   Michelle on the other hand lived further south.  We knew that if our paths ever separated and we couldn't see each other every day that we would talk though letter and words.   That first night Kate switched rooms with Michelle.  Kate was starting a relationship with Cary and none of us wanted to interfere with each other's relationships.  I still talk to Kate on occasion even today.  
That fist night Michelle slipped into bed with me and we just held each other as we fell into deep sleep.   A new chapter was about to open in my life at McFare one that I didn't want to see ever end.    My life was begun anew and I wasn't sure how to feel about it.  Over the next month things were going to change and grow.   I was so close to Jimmy and Michelle now that I knew my life was finally starting to change.

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....