Archive-name: Amazon/macro01.txt
Archive-author: Robert John Williams - (c) 1993
Archive-title: Monstrous Macropod, The - 1


In the deep underground caverns in the Arizona desert that
served as her secret home and laboratory.  Behemoth "Bigfoot"
Brawn, nineteen year old giantess-genius was showing off her
enormous and heavily muscled body to her thirty-nine year old
friend and lover Robert Raider.

Standing an incredible seven-feet-ten-inches tall and weighing
in at a bone crushing six hundred pounds.  "Bigfoot" Brawn was
an exotic looking oriental Colossus with short black hair
styled in a crewcut, a unusually high forehead, large black
slanted, almond-shaped eyes, a long wide nose that measured
a fantastic four inches long and two inches wide, high flat
cheekbones, plus a wide thin lipped mammoth mouth capable of
holding three or four large naval oranges completed Behemoth's
facial features.

Robebt Raider was Eurasian-American with a German-Chinese
background.  "Just like the infamous James Bond villain
Doctor No only nicer!"  As he jokingly replied to questions
about his lineage.  Standing six-feet-two-inches tall and
weighing in at two hundred and fifty pounds of bone and
weight-trained muscle.  Robert Raider was a big and strong
man but compaired to "Bigfoot" Brawn he was just a tiny, tiny,
midget; a baby next to his huge, huge lover.

Both "Bigfoot" and Robert were in the section of the caverns
that held the gym with its padded gray colored floor mats and
enormous custom made weights.  As they began stripping off
their navy blue sweat clothes, Robert called out to his mighty
female friend.  "Wait!"  The deep voice that answered had so
much power, Robert could feel its vibrations in his chest!
"YES?  Uh, Bigfoot could you please keep your sweats on while
you pump that imposing iron of yours?  I want to see your
monstrous muscles rip them apart!"

The Giantess flashed the world's biggest smile as she answered.
"OKAY!  BUT YOU HAVE TO DO SOMFTHING TOO!" Robert was uneasy
as he asked.  "What do you want?"  The smile turned evil.
"HOLD MY SANDALS WHILE YOU WATCH !" Oh boy! Now Robert was
in for it!,  Behemoth Brawn wanted sex! She knew just touching
the gigantic footwear would give her lover a raging hard-on!
Robert loved every part of the immense giantess but the
feature that really turned him on were her gargantuan feet!
None could surpass their awesome size! A yard long, eighteen
inches wide! The big toes were eight inches in diameter the
other eight toes measured four inches thick! Behemoth Brawn
truly more than earned her nickname of BIGFOOT!

"HEADS UP" Bigfoot yelled as she kicked off her mammoth
three-point black rubber sandals at Robert.  Each of those
three foot long, eighteen inch wide, and eight inch thick
sandals weighed fifty pounds apiece.  Unfortunately the
giantess misjudged the power and direction of her kicks and
slammed the heavy footwear into Robert with the impact of
thrown bricks! As the older man fell on his back a terrifying
roar of pain from the Titanic Teenager filled the room like
a blast from a jet engine!  "N000!" Monstrous thirty-two inch
long hands with thick four inch square-tipped fingers gently
brings the knocked out man inches from his lover's face.
"OH COME ON MONSTER MAN! PLEASE WAKE UP! I DIDN'T MEAN IT!
PLEASE WAKE UP!"  Nothing, only the steady rise and fall of
his chest showed he was still alive clinically.  The fine mind
silent.  As the hulking woman cradled Robert in her powerful
arms, an inspiration came to her!  "MONSTER MAN DON'T YOU
WANT TO SEE FEET THAT DWARF MINE?"  That did it!  Robert was
up and on his feet in seconds firing questions at the towering
teenager!

"Do they belong; to a man or woman?  Are they in proportion to
the person or wonderfully oversized like yours?  Does the feet
have the standard number of toes?  Less or more?  Are the feet
wide or long?  What does the person...mmmmm!  Mmmmm?

The annoyed Amazon had swallowed Robert's whole head inside
her monstrous right fist! "YOU'VE SEEN ME BREAK BRICKS,
SEASONED SIX BY SIX OAK BEAMS AND CRUSH GRANITE WITH JUST MY
FINGERTIPS!  DO YOU BET I CAN DO THE SAME TO YOUR HEAD?"
Robert's own right fist flashed the thumbs-up signal meaning
yes! "WHEN I LET GO WILL YOU KEEP YOUR BIG MOUTH SHUT AND
FOLLOW ME?"  Again Robert's thumb pointed upwards.  The huge
fist opened.  As his eyes focused Robert saw Behemoth walk
rapidly from the gym into the tunnels connecting the various
caverns the pair uses for living quarters and work areas.

He saw her turn a corner and thought it strange since he knew
there was no tunnel in that area.  Reaching the region, Robert
was shocked not only to find a passage, but one totally unlike
the crude ones blasted, drilled and dug by Behemoth and him.
They were irregular eight foot by eight foot squares lit by
hanging gas sealed electric lamps.  The new tunnel Robert
found was a perfectly round cylinder, twelve feet in diameter
that seemed to stretch into infinity.  It was made of what
seemcd to be emerald six inches thick that glowed with a soft
yellow-green light.

As Robert looked into the tunnel he saw "Bigfoot" Brawn's
brobdingnagian body running down the passage!  What was she
doing?  Was she trying; to lose him?  The giantess knew that
despite her size, weight, and freakishly hugh feet she could
out run any man or woman on earth and not just on a closed
smooth track either! Recently she raced Robert in a jeep
going seventy miles per hour across the desert at night in
the moonlight.  She raced barefoot wearing only skintight
black nylon swim trunks in that cold environment.  She not
only won the race she performed feats of raw strength, so
mind-staggering Robert became even more turned on by her!
First she effortlessly lifted the jeep with Robert in it
over her head and did one hundred deep knee bends! Then she
leaped atop a twenty-foot high boulder and got it rolling with
her leviathan legs and feet,  She got a second twenty-foot
boulder rolling and another and another! Finally
she had ten giant stones tumbling across the desert! After
numerous maneuvers as a grand finale, "Bigfoot" Brawn rolled
the boulders into a sixty-foot high pyramid with herself on
top!  When she leaped from the top of the piled rocks to
land silently by his side, Robert knew this was not just an
overgrown female bodybuilder! He asked her point blank.
"What are you?"  Behemoth Brawn flashed her cold, evil smile
for the first time.  "YOUR GREATEST DREAM OR WORST NIGHTMARE!
IT'S UP TO YOU"

Going into the emerald passage and running to catch up to the
bigfooted Giantess, made Robert careless as suddenly the tunnel
curved to the right then straight down! Robert Raider was on
the thrill ride of his life!  As he fell downwards for miles
then up! He slid in circles and corkscrews as the tunnel
narrowed to the width of his shoulders when without warning
he shot out of a hole in the wall one thousand feet above a
floor made of the emerald substance!

"This is the end!"  Thought Robert as he impacted with a loud
POOM!  "Poom?  Hey !  I'm Alive! "Springing unhurt to his feet
Robert saw that he had landed in some soft honey-colored flesh-
like material.  "Honey-colored flesh?  Don't tell me..."  He
looked upward and saw thhe gargantuan head and body of "Bigfoot"
Brawn now five hundred feet tall! She was holding Robert in
an Olympian sized right hand.

"HA! HA! HA! HA! HA! WELCOME TO MY WOMB LITTLE MAN! WE'LL
TALK BUT FIRST I'VE GOT TO GET SMALL!"  The female Colossus
then reached behind her back with her left hand, pulled out
a hugh bottle made of the some emerald-like material as the
tunnel, it looked like a magnum champagn bottle but of
gigantic proportions! She showed Robert the glowing lable
that flashed like a neon sign in gold letters.

"BIGFOOT BRAWN'S IMCREDIBLE SHRINKING WOMAN POTION"  Pulling,
then spitting the stopper out with her teeth the Titaness
lifted the bottle to her lips, took one long draught then put
it down at her feet.  Seconds later slowly at first then faster
the amplitudinous Amazon lost height and mass in five minutes!
She went from five hundred feet high and countless tons of
bone and muscle to (for her) a shrimpy six feet tall and three
hundred pownds of muscle.  And at eighteen inches long and
nine inches wide her feet were still the biggest in the
world! "Bigfoot! My god! What happened to you?"  Fortunately
for Robert Raider, Bigfoot Brawn had placed him besides her
monstrous feet before taking the potion.  He ran up and placed
his hands on her still wide shoulders.  Even at six feet,
Behemoth was a yard wide and still bigger than her lover by
fifty pounds.
                          
"HI MONSTER MAN!  DON'T WORRY ABOUT MY SIZE! I'LL BE BIGGER
AND STRONGER SOON ?  AND WAIT TILL YOU SEE MY FREAKY FEET THEN!
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF MY WOMB?" Even reduced close to his size
Bigfoot Brawn still had a loud voice that vibrated his chest.
Robert Raider swallowed and in a voice filled with awe and
wonder began to speak.  "This place is magnificent!  Where
are we and what is this green crystal material?"  Bigfoot
turned on her huge heel and said "FOLLOW ME!"  This time she
walked at a slower pace letting Robert Keep up besides her as
she explained.  "WE ARE INSIDE A CUBE MEASURING ONE THOUSAND
FEET IN LENGTH, WIDTH, AND DEPTH.  A MILE BELOW OUR CAVERNS
MADE OF MORPITE, AND BEFORE YOU ASK WHAT IS MORPITE ONLY THE
MACROPOD CAN TELL YOU AND AS TO WHO IS THE MACROPOD?  THAT IS
WHO YOU ARE GOING TO MEET!  THERE lT IS!

The couple had reached a twenty-four foot high dome made of
Morpite with a twelve foot high square opening. Inside, Robert
saw in the soft yellow-green light a strange apparatus that
looked like a searchlight.  It was six feet in diameter, it
was pointed at a square platform measuring twelve by twelve
feet and an inch thick with large metal push buttons over its
susface.  Before he could move, Bigfoot leaped ahead of him to
the platform! An eighteen inch foot shot out pressing a
button that lowered a transparent unbreakable wall between the
apparatus and Bigfoot sealing them away from Robert!  As he
pounded futilely on the inch thick barrier.  Bigfoot's
tremendous toes pressecd button after button!  Her nine inch
wide feet getting six or eight at the same time!  The shutters
on the machine opened sending a purple ray at Bigfoot Brawn!
Before Robert Raider's fear filled eyes she began to change
horribly!

                  (To Be Continued)
--
