                     "Madam X"
                  By: Phil Phantom

Brandon Hightower was more than a boss, he was a great guy and my
best friend.  We served in the same army outfit but at different
times.  We hit it off right away.  I advanced rapidly in his
company, occupying a management position for which I was totally
unqualified.  With his help and patience, I slowly learned
the ropes.

Brandon was a frequent visitor to our home, often staying up late
with Judy and I, laughing, drinking, and telling crude jokes.  We
also attended his parties, though Judy and Brandon's wife,
Estelle, did not get along.  Estelle is a cold, scary bitch.  I
never understood what Brandon saw in her or why he put up with
her shit.

Brandon was a randy, fun-loving, huggie-bear kind of guy in his
late forties.  He had a reputation for chasing skirts.  His hand
prints were all over the young things in the secretarial pool.  A
few of our employees shared their beautiful wives with their
horny boss and were richly rewarded.  Some others shared their
wives unknowingly and only their wives were rewarded.  

Brandon enjoyed telling me of his conquests.  I knew that one day
he would make a move on Judy.  I stealed myself for that day.  I
resolved to be one of the husbands that got rewarded, but I was
in no hurry to join their ranks.  

I dropped several hints that I would not freak out if Judy ever
cheated on me.  I made sure that he understood I did not want to
be like Phil Rowland, totally oblivious while practically
everyone in the company knew that the boss was balling his old
lady.  I thought Brandon and I had a good unspoken understanding.

I was on my way to see Brandon in his office after a brief
business trip.  As usual, our first order of business was for him
to catch me up on his sexual adventures.  I pulled up a chair
like a little kid waiting for grandpa to tell a war story.  I was
hoping to hear about Madam X.  She was ostensibly one of the
executive wives.  Brandon would not tell me whose wife, but I
surmised it was Greg Anderson's.  He was the only one with three
kids still living at home of the right ages and sexes: boy 16,
girl 14, boy 12.

When Brandon first told me about Mrs. X, I suspected he was
talking about my Judy.  We also have three kids that fit the
story, although Stevie is 13, not 12.  Although I was not an
executive, Greg's wife, Jennifer, was not exactly the raving
beauty that Brandon described Madam X to be.  Judy was.

As the story evolved over a couple of months, I knew it wasn't
Judy.  You see, Brandon has a thing for getting the kiddies
involved in the mother's activities.  He really gets off on
humiliating the mothers, forcing them to share their infidelity
with their children.  His favorite act was to actually fuck a
woman in front of her children.  

I knew Judy would never, under any circumstances, permit that. 
Hell, she just started making love with the lights on a few
months ago.  Except for a few unguarded moments, they never saw
her naked, and those instances had also not occurred until
recently. 

Judy was loosening up, and I attributed that to Brandon's open
flirtations.  Brandon made her hot.  He tongue-kissed her, and
felt her up in front of me or anyone else.  The night before my
latest road trip, Branded stopped by for drinks and laughs before
going home to the ice queen.  After he left (after leaving his
prints all over my wife) Judy fucked my brains out.  

Afterwards, she sat straddling my loins with my spent cock still
inside her.  She told me what a sexy man she thought Brandon was
and that if I didn't watch her closely, she might be bad.  I just
smiled and covered my eyes, peeking through my fingers.  She
laughed and playfully slapped my arm, saying, "I'm serious."

I said, "Sweetheart, I don't make you wear a chastity belt. 
You're a big girl.  If you think you can handle Brandon, knock
yourself out."

She smiled mischievously and said, "How do you know I'm not
already?"

I grabbed her hands and rolled her onto her back.  She squealed
as I straddled her middle, pinning her hands out.  I looked hard
into her laughing face with mock disapproval and said, "So you're
the new boss' whore, huh?  I heard he had a hot new slut that was
insatiable and would do anything to satisfy her horny cunt."

She coquettishly bit her lower lip then said in a sultry voice,
"No, but he has made it quite clear that there's an opening."

"Have you applied for the position?"

"I could."  It was more a question asking permission than a
tease.  I sat up and released her hands.  My expression took on a
serious countenance.  I said, "Yes you could, but you be careful.
Brandon is way over your head, Judy."

Her smile left her face, etched by concern tinged with fear.  I
could not tell if it was fear of my reaction or fear of Brandon,
but I knew she was being pressured by Brandon and holding
something back.  I waited for a confession, but she remained
silent.  I decided to let her tell me in her own time.  We
kissed, rolled apart, and went to sleep.

As I neared Brandon's office, I wasn't sure if he had a new
episode in the exciting adventures of Madam X, or was ready to
tell me about he and Judy.  When I returned from this trip, I
knew something had happened.  Judy could hardly look me in the
eye.  

Whatever had happened, the kids knew something.  They all shared
a dirty secret.  At the dinner table, Mark and Stevie almost
cracked up when in response to my innocent question about how
Judy had gotten along in my absence, she said, "It was hard
without you, dear."  Jennifer, my fourteen-year-old, blushed. 
Judy quickly changed the subject asking about my trip.

Throughout dinner, I could not help recalling the past episodes
of Madam X.  It had started as a simple affair, a behind the
scenes fuck.  Then, Brandon started dropping by when the husband
was out of town.  Mrs. X tried to discourage this when the kids
were about, but Brandon had his hooks in her.  

She'd eventually go with him into the bedroom and make all the
noise he insisted she make with the kids in the next room.  From
there, he progressed to making her go out in the nude to get him
beer between fucks.  The first time, he had to force her out of
the bedroom.  She almost tripped over the three kids who huddled
behind the door.

After that, she would do as he said, walking about the house
stark naked with his cum drooling from her pussy.  From then on,
she had to remain nude from the first fuck until she walked him
to the door, sometimes late the following morning.  He would not
permit her to clean his semen from her body whether drooling from
her ass or cunt, or running down her face.  She had to wear it
proudly.

From there, they began screwing with the bedroom door wide open
and the kids making constant walk-bys, eventually becoming
stop-bys, not bothering to hide the fact that they were watching.

The last episode I heard had the kids standing in the doorway,
watching mommy get plowed doggie style.  I wondered what stage
Judy and my kids were at after my four day absence.  What had my
kids seen or heard?  Obviously something.  I ignored the tension
and pretended everything was normal.  That night, I expected Judy
to fess-up.  She said nothing, just rolled over after a peck on
the lips and went to sleep.  

I fully expected Brandon to lay it out for me, and was slightly
disappointed when he smiled and launched into another episode of
Madam X.  He wasn't even interested in my trip, but I was
immediately interested in the episode.  I could tell by the way
he was acting, it was good.

He slapped his thighs, leaning forward in his huge leather office
chair and said, "Pete, my boy.  I've got the bitch almost fully
trained.  Last night was the ultimate coup.  I took her by the
hand, both of us naked as jay birds, and went out into the living
room.  I sat on the sofa with the older boy on my right, the girl
on my left, and the little one at my feet.  I stroked my dick
while X stood there red as a fucking beet with her little boy
staring up her right leg right into her pussy.

"I could tell she hated this.  I didn't have to say a word.  She
knew what she had to do.  While the kids watched, her eyes kept
wandering to my big old dick.  She stood there for about a
minute, then said, 'You bastard,' and then she straddled my
thighs and reached between her legs.  She took hold of Brutus and
guided it to her snatch as the kids peered around her ass to
watch Brutus slide into their mother's hot box.  She sank on my
pole and groaned.  Took it all in one steady pass.

"My boy, that is the power.  Brutus power.  I think she'd mount
Brutus at a board meeting with her old man sitting in."

"Jesus Christ, Brandon!  I don't know how you do it."

"Shit, you should have seen her after she got going.  Hell, she
even turned around so the kids could get a better view.  All
three got down on the floor.  She had her feet wide out at the
sofa's edge, leaning back against my chest, lifting that tight
pussy up and down on my rod, rubbing herself off and screaming
'Fuck me!  Fuck me!'  It was fucking beautiful, man.  The best
one ever.  Afterwards, I made her lie down on the floor and beat
off while me and the kids watched.

"She ate that shit up, Pete.  Couldn't get her legs wide enough
apart.  Hell, she tried every position she could get herself
into, and she is a limber bitch, too."

This caused an alarm bell to go off in my head.  Greg's wife was
not a limber bitch, but Judy used to be a gymnast.  I thought,
"No, it had to be Brandon exaggerating."

He went on, "She was fucking incredible, Pete.  Sucking fuck off
her fingers and doing the standing splits with one foot pointed
at the ceiling, her crotch aimed at the sofa.  She held her right
leg up with her right hand around her slim, trim thigh and
pounded her open cunt with the left, crying, "Oh God help me, I
love this!"

"Christ, Brandon, tell me, who is this bitch?"

"All in good time, my boy.  I ain't finished training her yet. 
One of these days, I'm going to stop by when the family is eating
dinner.  I am going to walk right up, strip her, and fuck her
right on the god damned table."

"With her husband there?"

"Damn right.  Wouldn't be any fun without him."

"He still doesn't know anything?"

"Not that I'm aware of."

"Aren't you worried he might object to this?"

"He won't say a fucking word if he wants to keep his job and his
wife."

"Damn, Brandon.  I sure hope you never put me in a spot like
that."  I saw the gleam in his eye.

"Yeah, and if I did, what would you do?"

I thought for a moment.  I knew this was my chance to get him to
tell me what he did with Judy.  I submissively shrugged and said,
"What could I do?  You'll never get that far with Judy, though. 
She might fuck you.  In fact, I know she will.  She might even
let you do it in my bed when the kids are home.  That's about it,
though."

"Well, Pete, that sounds to me like you are throwing down the
gauntlet.  Brutus can't take a challenge unanswered."

"I didn't mean it to come out that way.  What I meant was..."

"No, stop right there.  I accept your challenge."

"But..."

"No but's'.  Now here's the deal.  If I can get Judy to do
everything Madam X has done, you concede her to me.  She'll fuck
me or whoever I want her to fuck for as long as I sign your
paychecks.  Furthermore, you not only put up with it, but assist
in any way I might require.  To ease the pain of losing, I'll
move you to the executive suite.  How does VP of marketing sound
with a six figure salary?"

"It sounds great, Brandon, but I really don't..."

"Pete.  The wager is made and accepted.  All I want is your hand
on those terms and conditions."

I felt trapped.  He seemed so confident.  Sweat beaded on my
brow.  I tried to imagine Judy in Madam X's place, but just
couldn't.  Finally, I offered my hand and said, "Okay, you got a
deal, but what do I get if you fail?"

We broke off the firm handshake.  Brandon sat back with a smile
and said, "We won't need to discuss that.  You see, Pete, Madam X
is Judy."

My jaw dropped as Brandon reached into his drawer and pulled out
twelve eight by ten glossies and tossed them in my lap.  I looked
down and saw a picture of Judy, naked and sweaty, sprawled on her
back, legs straight up in a wide "V", and working a large
cucumber in her wet pussy.  At the top of the photo were three
pairs of little feet.  

The others were even more obscene and showed the faces that
belonged to the feet.  Mark was wide-eyed watching his mother
finger her ass while rubbing her clit.  In another, Stevie gazed
on her beaver while lying on the floor between her legs, propped
up on his elbows, cupping his face that was a mere inches from
her working fingers as they lewdly displayed her pussy to him.

There were six shots of Mark and Stevie double-teaming their
mother.  I could not believe it was my wife under my sons.  She
appeared to be enjoying their attentions.

In all of the shots, Jennifer just looked stunned.  The last few
were of Judy and Jennifer.   Jenny looked intently at the spread
her mother presented to her alone.  Judy had backed up to
Jennifer's position on the sofa, actually straddling Jennifer's
knees.  She was bent over and reaching between her own legs to
fan out her vulva.  The camera lens must have been near Judy's
thumbs, because her clit hung at the top and her wet fingers
framed Jennifer's face in the background.  It was obvious that
Jennifer was staring into her mother's gaping, cum-drenched pussy
hole.  

Brandon had come around his desk and up on my left, peering over
my shoulder.  He said, "You'll like the next one better."

I took a deep breath, then looked beneath the picture.  It was
like being hit by a truck.  Judy had mounted the sofa, still
facing away.  Her feet were far out near the back, wide out on
either side of Jennifer.  Judy had her hands on the floor outside
of Jennifer's feet.  She bowed her back to thrust her beaver in
Jennifer's face.  Jennifer had to pull her head back to avoid the
obscenely spread beaver.  The shot was taken from profile.  

I was afraid to look at the next one.  It was the same pose, only
the camera was looking down from Jennifer's forehead straight
into Judy's crotch.  This time, however, Judy's clit rested on
Jennifer's chin, drooling cum onto poor Jenny's face.  Brandon
commented, "Judy didn't like this at all.  It took a great deal
of persuasion to get her in that position.  She liked the next
shot even less, at least for the first few minutes."

I nervously looked at the next shot.  The truck backed over me. 
I let out a moan as I saw Judy standing straight up over our
lovely daughter with her cunt over Jennifer's upturned face.  All
you could see of Jennifer's face was her chin.  Long lines of
shiny liquid streaked her young neck.  Judy's sex was mashed to
her mouth.  Judy grinned glassy-eyed at the camera with both
hands mauling her tits.  The shot must have been taken several
minutes into the pose as the passion on Judy's face was
undeniable.

Brandon offered, "Jennifer didn't seem to mind, except at first. 
Mark had to hold her head steady while mommy got her cunt over
Jenny's mouth.  She started using her tongue after a minute or
two.  Don't feel too sorry for her."

It was the last picture.  I sat in a stupor as Brandon returned
to his seat.  He sat back smugly and said, "No hard feelings Mr.
VP?"

I shook the cob webs from my mind and focused on him, still in
shock.  I hung my head slowly in defeat, amazed that I could get
an erection after what I'd seen.  The photos in my lap hid that
fact, but I think he knew.  

He smiled and said, "Good, now, we have a little problem.  I
think I went a little too far last night, as you can see.  I got
carried away; what can I say?  I'm afraid Judy is a little
freaked out.  That's to be expected.  She'll get over it.  The
problem is, we don't have much time, and I'm going to need your
help with this next assignment."

"Assignment?  What assignment?"

"As the new head of marketing and keeper of my whore, this covers
two areas of your responsibility.  The firm is in deep trouble,
Pete.  We need the Okida deal.  If we don't nail it down, we go
into chapter eleven bankruptcy.  It's that simple.  If that
happens, this place will look like a ghost town.  Your office
included.  If we pull out of this, I'd put you back on, you know
that.  The trouble is, it might take years to get back.  Chances
are, we'd go completely under.  We must nail this deal, Pete."

"I'll do my best, Brandon, but I don't know shit about
marketing."

"To get Okida's business, you don't need to know marketing.  All
you need is a gorgeous blond willing to fuck a large black mutt
at a secret convention of Japanese war veterans.  I think they
want to dress her up like the Statue of Liberty, put a Rising Sun
bandanna on the mutt, and watch him fuck the shit out of her.  He
promises to return her unharmed but well-screwed.  Frankly, I
don't see how she'll get well-screwed by a bunch of seventy and
eighty-year-old men, but that's their admirable goal.  Banzai!

"Well, anyway, that's what he wants.  She can't be a hooker.  She
must be straight, pure as snow, and an absolute beauty - a
big-titted, all-American, blue-eyed blond.  Know anyone that fits
that description, Pete?"

My stomach tightened in a knot.  I said, "Brandon, not Judy. 
There's no way.  Sure, she'll play games, get a little crazy, but
fuck a dog at a convention?  No way, Brandon.  There's just no
way that will ever go down."

"Look at that last picture again, Pete.  Did you ever think you'd
see Judy grinding her fresh-fucked cunt in her daughter's face,
knowing she was being photographed."

I looked at the shot once more.  It was an incredible sight.  My
cock lurched.  He went on, "It actually got better.  I ran out
off film, otherwise you'd see.  After Judy climaxed, she remained
over Jennifer's mouth.  She even lifted up and looked between her
legs to watch Jennifer lick at her dripping snatch.  She got so
hot, she started rubbing herself off again, telling Jennifer to
lick harder and deeper.  Hell, she was up there for almost thirty
fucking minutes.  I had to make her climb down to give her a
parting fuck.  That wife of your has one hot and horny cunt on
her, my boy."

"Yeah, but to fuck a dog.  I don't know, Boss."

"Well, we're going to try and you're going to help.  Okida put me
in touch with a special breeder in Oregon.  They're flying out
their best trained stud: a big black lab named Ranger.  From what
I hear, all Ranger needs is to be near a cunt and he takes over. 
The dog is due in at noon.  I want you to pick him up and take
him home with these instructions:

You must keep the dog indoors at all times except to walk him on
a leash.  You can not shut any inside doors.  You may not
restrain him, admonish him, or do anything that might upset him. 
You tell Judy that we are taking care of this valuable animal for
our best customer while he's visiting the states.  You tell her
that this animal is highly trained and if he picks up any bad
habits, or shows any change in behavior after your caretaking,
you lose your job.  Another thing, the dog hates women in shorts
or pants."

Brandon sat back and smiled.  I said, "Come on, Brandon.  Judy
isn't stupid.  She will see she's being set up.  You may as well
tell her not to wear anything but a dog collar and crawl around
on all fours."

"Yeah, and if I did, she'd probably do it.  I know she'll see
through this, but it will give her an excuse to feel trapped and
helpless.  Besides, she needs to work up to this.  Let her try
and fend off Ranger.  It ought to be fun to watch.  I hear he
gets down-right nasty if he doesn't get what he wants.  He won't
bite, but he can sure growl mean.  I think Judy will come
around."

"What about the kids?"

"What *about* the kids?"

"We can't hide this from them."

"How about that!  I guess Judy will have to figure out a way to
keep Ranger interested in her and not Jennifer, huh?"

"Jennifer has to wear a skirt too?"

"Rules are rules, Pete.  Look, pal, I'm going to fuck your
daughter.  Judy knows that and accepts it.  I think you know it,
too.  After last night, I think Jennifer knows it.  At least she
knows who's in charge.  I don't really give a shit about getting
her cherry.  In fact, it will be better for her if I don't.  I'm
sure Ranger isn't as big as me.  Besides, he can't get her
knocked up."

I stood and paced, running my hands through my hair.  I forgot
about my hardon, now harder than ever.  Brandon's laugh drew my
attention as he said, "Looks like you have a big problem there,
Daddy.  Have the hots for little Jenny, do you?"

I blushed and smiled sheepishly.  I had thought about it. Jenny
is a real dream, budding with fresh youthful sensuality.  Jenny
is such an innocent passive and gullible child.  Judy and I have
always worried about her.  She isn't stupid; she's just
impossibly naive.  She believes anything anyone tells her.  We've
accepted the ultimate reality that one day we'd lose Jenny to
some fast-talking jerk, possibly a molester.  Her brothers take
advantage of her, especially Mark.  We've both learned to look
the other way.  Still, a dog!  

I returned to my seat as Brandon said, "Let's cut to the
chase, Pete.  Okida wants Judy fucked by the beast, and I want
Jenny fucked by him.  I think you do too.  So lets bring her in
on this on the same terms as Judy.  Take her out of school for a
week.  She'll get the flu."

I was up pacing again.  The image of my beautiful daughter
coupled with the dog had me near coming in my pants.  She was
such an obedient, passive child.  I knew she'd follow orders.  As
bizarre as it seemed, I now wanted everything that Brandon
wanted.  I even wanted to watch him screw my little girl and my
wife.  I was steaming hot.  I figured she'd eventually wind up as
somebody's plaything, why not ours.  Obviously, Judy had those
same thoughts.  I spun to face him and said, "Yeah, lets do it. 
Look, why not get panties out of the way right from the start. 
Nothing should be between Ranger and his pussy."

"All right.  New rule: females in his presence must keep their
vaginas shaved and accessible."

"Shaved!  Yes, I like that.  Hey, suppose I tell them that this
dog has been trained to think of all human females as belonging
to him.  He has to check constantly to see that no other dogs
have been near his bitches."

"I like that.  You are executive material, Pete.  I'll go you one
better.  New rule: when ever Ranger comes near, they have to
expose their crotches and spread their legs to offer him the
opportunity to check them out."

I clapped and said, "Oh, Jesus, that's fucking beautiful.  Oh,
Jenny, you are going to make a wonderful bitch."

"Don't forget Judy.  And by the way, from now on, I won't be
sending you out of town to get at my whores.  I'll be stopping by
regularity.  You can watch, or you can take a hike, but you keep
your mouth shut."

"Don't worry, Boss.  I won't be walking or talking.  Me casa es
su casa.  Me esposa es su puta."

"That's right, and so is your little daughter."

"Of course.  I'll hold her legs apart for you and Judy can roll
the condom on and guide Brutus home."

"There will be no condom or birth control.  I intend to knock the
bitch up.  If that doesn't set well with you, take it up with
Judy.  It was her idea."

"Judy wants you to get Jenny pregnant?"

"Once she accepted the fact that I was going to fuck Jenny,
that's all she talked about.  She has her own kinks, pal.  I'd be
pounding away at her box, and she'd be telling me how cute Jenny
was and how tight she must be, and how adorable she'll be nine
months along with her lactating boobs and big round belly.  She
has quite a fantasy built up around that.  You'd better adjust."

"God, this is fucking incredible.  I love it.  I actually love
it.  Jenny pregnant.  Jenny fucking a dog.  Jenny, my boss'
whore.  It's fucking beautiful."

                  *  *  *
I just had time to make the pick up at the airport.  I used a
company van and let Ranger out of his travel cage after the
porters placed it inside.  He was a beautiful big dog, clean with
a shiny black coat.  I looked under him to check his equipment.  

The dog was hung!  He seemed accustomed to having people fondle
his genitals.  He assumed a show dog stance while I massaged the
sheath.  Before my eyes, his pink glans emerged and was soon
sticking out by six inches.  It had a beveled tip and was as
thick as a large male thumb.  I imagined that prick penetrating
my young Jenny and a shiver of excitement ran up my spine.  I
patted his head and said, "Looks like you've had a rough trip,
Ranger.  What say we get you home.  Wait till you see the pussy
waiting for you, big boy."

Ranger was a well-behaved dog, obviously used to traveling.  He
sat in the passenger seat watching scenery go by, his cock still
unsheathed.  I looked over constantly, amazed at how things had
degenerated in my life.  One day, I think I have a normal,
everyday family; the next, I am married to a slut, dog-fucking,
incestuous pedophile, and I was no better.  I was her pimp, ready
to train my daughter to join her ranks.  I shook my head and
drove faster.

The kids were still in school when I got home.  Judy was in the
kitchen doing dishes.  I called out, knowing she wouldn't be
expecting me home.  She looked over her shoulder and immediately
saw the dog.  She shook dishwater from her hands, turned and
said, "Pete, we are not keeping that animal.  We discussed that
already."

"Relax, honey.  This is business.  Brandon gave him to us to keep
for a very important client.  His name is Ranger."  Judy's
eyebrows narrowed as I launched into my act.  It was a good act,
but not good enough to fool her. 

I tried to sound like we were at the mercy of an unreasonable
boss that would fire me if anything went wrong.  When I pulled
out and read the list of rules that he had typed up, Judy was in
shock.  She looked at Ranger, then at me, and said, "You do
realize what he's doing, don't you?"

I tried to act dumb.  She said, "Pete.  There's something you
need to know about your nice boss.  He has been here every time
you went out of town for the past two months, and not for social
calls.  Honey, I'm sorry, but Brandon has been having sex with
me.  I didn't think I could refuse."

"I understand, dear.  It's all right.  You really can't, not if
you like my job.  It isn't so bad, is it?"

"Pete, Brandon is a pervert.  This whole thing with the dog is a
crock of shit.  If he thinks I am going to put out for a mutt
just so he can get his jollies, he has another thing coming."

"Honey, he never said you had to put out for the dog, just follow
the rules."

"That's right, Pete.  But he thinks I'll get all turned on
letting a male dog sniff my crotch.  He thinks I'll melt like
butter and assume a position on all fours.  I won't, not ever,
not for him, not for your job.  I am not that type of girl, Pete. 
I have to draw the line somewhere, and I am flat drawing it at
inter-species mating.  There will be no further discussion on
this matter."

I was about to think we'd been blown out of the water by
battleship Judy when she reached under her housecoat and
shimmied out of her panties, saying, "I'll follow his stupid
rules, Ranger can sniff all he wants, but I will not be his
bitch.  As for Jennifer, she is going to stay with mother until
Brandon gets this crazy idea out of his system."

I smiled an inward smile and let Ranger off his leash.  He padded
right over to Judy as she backed nervously into the counter top. 
As his head came towards her crotch, Judy started to block his
advance.  I reminded, "No! Don't interfere, Judy.  In fact, you
have to present your crotch for his inspection.  Remember the
rules!"

She gave me a curious look then reluctantly eased apart the robe,
saying, "Fine, I don't care.  If you insist on enforcing those
silly rules, I'll go along." 

Ranger stuck his wet nose into her muff and made her squeal and
twist away.  He made a low rumbling growl and I said, "Judy,
don't resist.  He has the right to check you.  Face forward and
move your legs apart.  Let him satisfy himself that no other dog
has his scent on you."

She looked at me like I was nuts, but slowly turned and placed
her feet shoulder width apart.  Ranger's long tongue lapped
through her unprotected slit and Judy gripped the counter top
with white-knuckled hands.  Her robe fell fully open revealing
her total nudity as that tongue continued to make swipes through
her sensitive flesh.

I moved forward and dropped to me knees beside them for a closer
look.  That dog's tongue wasn't just swiping through, it curled
up inside her and drew out her juices.  I knew this had to be
maddening for Judy.  Even my tongue, one third the length of his,
drove her crazy when I thrust deep into her.  Ranger was swabbing
her womb with his wet muzzle pressed tightly to her clit.  Her
knees widened; her pelvis jutted out; she sank lower.

Suddenly, Ranger jumped up and gripped Judy around the chest,
resting his front paws on the counter behind her.  He startled
her as he brought his loins against her leg and started humping. 
His cock slid along the inside of her left inner thigh as it
emerged from its furry sheath, rising higher and higher.  His
cock ran in a slick along her thigh.  

I looked up to see Judy's reaction.  Her face had a catatonic
far-off stare.  When I glanced back, Ranger's penis was banging
at her left labia lip, far from the mark.  Judy sank lower trying
to capture the moving target.  On impulse, I used my fingers to
pull the cock to the right spot and the tip poked in and out of
her hole.  She moaned and sank lower, groaned and sank again.

Ranger's cock kept up a steady staccato of jabs as Judy kept
sinking lower onto it.  She was soon humping him harder than he
was humping her.  She looked obscene in her half squat, humping
away on that big doggie prick.  She managed to engulf his full
eight inches and the sheath pounded her cunt lips and clit as she
wailed and clutched his haunches, pulling him tighter.

Judy hugged the animal to her and fucked back with all she had,
oblivious to me.  I dare say she would have looked the same had
her mother and father been beside me.  I have never seen a woman
so consumed with such raw passion.  She came and cried out, "Oh
God, he's swelling up inside me.  Oh, Jesus!  It feels
like a baseball is in there.  Shit, if I were any tighter, we'd
be locked together."

I took advantage of this respite between orgasms to say, "You
mean if you were as tight as Jenny."

Her glassy eyes locked on mine.  They seemed to bore into my
psyche.  After a brief pause, she said, "Yes, like Jenny.  If he
gets inside of Jenny, they'll get hung up until he's finished
with her."

As her passion increased, I said, "We'd be powerless to stop it."

She nodded, and said, "Yes.  We could try to make her
comfortable, but we would have to let him finish fucking her."

She went into another paroxysm of fuck lust as Ranger emptied his
seed into her.  She squealed, "Oh, God, he's coming.  Its so
strong and hot.  Oh, yes, fuck me!  Fuck me doggie.  He's filling
me up.  Oh God!"

Ranger stopped his movements and stood buried in my wife,
panting.  Judy was panting also, but she moved in sensuous
circles, swooning and moaning.  She said, "I better stay put
until he shrinks naturally."

"I think you should."  

"I guess I underestimated Brandon.  He knows me better than I
thought.  I guess I'd better resolve myself to being this dog's
bitch."

"It certainly looks that way from here.  Could you pull off if
you wanted?"

"I suppose, but it wouldn't be easy.  He's still pretty big. 
Besides, who wants to pull off."  She ground herself on the dog's
buried cock and smiled devilishly.

I decided to press her button again.  I said, "Jenny wouldn't
have much choice, would she?"

Judy gave me another curious look, studied me, then said, "No,
she wouldn't.  If he gets his penis all the way inside Jenny,
that knot will swell up so big, they'd be like that until it went
down."

I said, "I hear that dogs sometimes get locked up for hours."

The lust in my eyes was as obvious as the object of my lust. 
Judy played into that lust, saying, "Yes, I suppose they do.  A
nice tight pussy like Jenny's might keep his cock hard for a very
long time.  I suppose Brandon might get pissed if I take her to
mother's."

"I'm sure he will.  He wants us to take her out of school for a
week.  He made it clear that the rules applied to both of you."

"Well, then I suppose Jenny will find out for herself.  I think
we should prepare a bed for her on the floor with Ranger."

"Then you'll see that she obeys the rules?"

"I'll do better than that.  I think it would please Brandon if we
not only obeyed the letter of the rules but the spirit as well. 
If he wants us to be bitches for this dog, then he should see
bitches.  I think we should both remain in the nude while Ranger
is with us.  Don't you?"

"Oh, absolutely.  Brandon will be stopping by.  I know he'd like
to see that we're taking this well."

"I agree.  I'll pick Jenny up from school and explain the
situation to her.  You have a talk with the boys.  By the time we
get home, Jenny should be ready to cooperate.  I'm sure the boys
won't mind two naked females around the house, although Jenny may
not like it.  That kid is so bashful about her body.  Well, this
pooch will cure that."

The cock in Judy's twat suddenly popped free releasing a gusher
onto the tiled floor.  Ranger trotted off and laid in a corner,
licking his dick.  Judy stood straight, looking disappointed. 
She gazed at the mess in astonishment.  She said, "Damn, I knew
he came a lot, but that is ridiculous."

I said, "Honey, I think most of those juices came from you."

She smiled and said, "I think you're right.  I could feel my flow
but I was all plugged up.  Damn that was good.  Jenny's in for a
big surprise."

"I think you're into this as much as I am."

"Honey, you are as transparent as air.  I know you want to see
Jenny get screwed by the dog, and you probably want to fuck her. 
I'll see that you get what you want.  Frankly, I don't want to
share him.  My interest in Jenny goes beyond this, way beyond. 
I'm almost afraid to share this."

"You mean the baby?"

"He told you?"  I smiled and nodded.  "I suppose you saw the
pictures then?"  I nodded.  "Did you like what you saw?"  I
nodded vigorously.  "Good, then we appear to be on the same
wavelength.  I want her knocked up and I want Brandon to do the
job.  If you don't already know, I applied for the position of
Brandon's slut and submitted one for Jenny, too.  We've both been
accepted."

"I understand.  I have no problem with that.  I'm sure you'll
both make fine sluts for him."

"I'm glad you have no problem with it because it's a done deal. 
I've been working on Jenny.  She thinks we are owned by Brandon.
She thinks we have no choice in the matter.  I want her to keep
on thinking that.  She knows what she's in for.  I told her that
Brandon will fuck her one day and that he wants her pregnant."

"How did she take it?"

"Not very well.  She confessed that she is not a virgin.  Mark
took care of that three years ago.  Her problem is she's seen the
size of Brandon's cock, and she sure as hell doesn't want to have
a baby.  I comforted and consoled her and told her there was no
way out.  She's resolved to her fate.  She won't like this dog
business, but she'll accept that too.  Do me a favor and try not
to look so enthusiastic when Ranger tries to mount her.  Let me
handle everything.  You just stand back and watch, but try to
stay out of her sight.  Tell the boys to do the same.  I'm
tempted to send you all out of the room for the first time, but I
know how much you'd love to see her maiden doggie fuck."

"Thank you, Judy.  I appreciate this.  I'll get the boys in
line."  
                  *   *   *
Talking to the boys was easier than I thought.  Once they knew
that I knew everything, we were like buddies, brothers in
debauchery.  They were excited by Ranger's presence.  They made a
big fuss over him, stroking and petting him.  The idea of
watching Ranger fuck their mother and their sister had them both
sporting erections.  I took mine out and joined them in a father
and sons jerk off.  I shot the farthest.

We were seated around the dining room table when Judy and
Jennifer entered the house.  They were somber, Jenny as white as
a ghost.  Judy led Jenny over to us.  Ranger slept soundly in his
favorite corner.  Judy stood before us with her arm around
Jenny's shoulder.  She said, "I've had a long talk with Jenny. 
She understands that we have no choice but to treat her like a
whore."

Judy gave me a sly smile.  It was evident that the talk went
better than planned.  Judy got behind Jenny and told her to lift
her skirt.  Jenny turned beet red but slowly raised the hem past
her mons.  Judy reached her right hand around and cupped Jenny's
sex, saying, "What is this I'm touching, Jenny?"  

Judy wasn't just touching it, her middle two fingers were delving
inside, spreading the tight lips, smearing her juices around, and
rolling the little clit button.  With a quiver in her voice,
Jennifer said, "It's my vagina."

"Lift your skirt higher, dear.  Now, what do whores call it?"

I wanted to grab my aching crotch as Jenny said, "A pussy."

"And who owns this pussy?"

"Mr. Hightower."  I grabbed my crotch.

Judy made Jennifer straighten then turned her back to us.  She
had Jenny bend low from the waist with her feet wide and flipped
her skirt up over her tight haunches.  She told Jenny to reach
back and pull her cheeks apart.  Judy straddled the back of
Jennifer's head, leaned out, and peered into Jenny's ass.  She
ran her painted nails along the wet line of Jenny's sex, gathered
the wetness and massaged it onto her pink asshole.  She then
eased her middle finger into her ass, making Jenny groan.  When
it was deeply imbedded, she said, "What is this?"

"It's my butt hole."

"And who owns it?"

"Mr. Hightower."

"Very good, Jenny."  Judy eased her finger out and laid her chin
in the grove at the top of Jenny's cheeks.  Smiling at us, she
said, "I think Jenny knows her place now.  Mr. Hightower wants us
to treat her like a whore, and he wants her to act like a whore. 
It won't be easy for us, but we have no choice in the matter. 
Since we're not used to treating our dear Jenny that way, we need
to practice.  From now on, you guys treat her like a whore,
always, not just when Brandon is here, understood?"

We all nodded with big knowing smiles.  She smiled back and said,
"And Jenny, whenever you see a hard penis, you try to make it
soft.  Do you understand?"

Jenny nodded in her head down attitude, saying, "Uh huh."

Judy said, "I see we have three hard cocks in the house right
now, Jenny.  What do you propose to do about that?"

"I don't know what to do, Mommy."

"Well I'm sure they do, don't you guys?"  Judy raised up and
patted Jenny's ass.  She said, "Stevie, since you are the
smallest, why don't you go first.  Mark, you go next.  Pete, you
go last.  I'm sorry guys.  I know this must pain you, but we
simply must do it.  Come on Stevie.  Fuck your whore sister."

Stevie did not need a second invitation.  He quickly shucked his
pants and poked his stiff boner into Jenny's cunt.  He didn't
last long.  When he pulled out, Mark was at the ready.  He took a
little longer.  Before I knew it, it was my turn to fuck my
daughter.

I removed my clothes and advanced on her cum-drooling cunt.  Judy
took my seven-inch rod and centered the head at Jenny's hole. 
She said, "Don't worry, she just had her period.  Go ahead and
sperm her womb."  I grabbed Jenny by the hips and sank into
heaven.  God, she was slick and hot and tight.  I fucked her hard
and fast with Judy's face peering into the juncture of our
genitals.  She held Jenny steady against my buffeting loins. 
Jenny moaned and groaned as I screwed her little twat.  Before I
knew it, I was pumping a copious load into my little girl.  Her
loud moans woke Ranger.

Judy stood Jenny up and turned her around.  Cum poured down her
legs.  Ranger licked the cum running down her legs, then nosed
her almost hairless cunny.  He ran his tongue through her slit. 
She stiffened and turned bright red as Judy said, "Part your legs
wider, dear.  Give him access."  Jenny stepped out and Ranger
rewarded her compliance with a good tongueing of her cunt."

She must have poured down her rich honey, because Ranger stayed
with her, nosing hard into her crotch, going deep and licking
fast.  While Jenny was distracted with Ranger at her pussy, Judy
began removing Jenny's blouse, bra, and skirt.  Jenny tried to
cover her breasts, but Judy pushed her hands down.  Jenny's knees
got weak and Judy steadied her by getting behind her and holding
her up by the tits, smiling at us from behind Jenny's back.  It
appeared that she abandoned the need for semi-privacy and was now
intent on giving us a show.

Judy lifted Jenny's feet clear of the floor and invited the boys
to assist by holding out her legs.  Mark and Stevie jumped-to and
soon had Jenny doing the mid-air splits.  Jenny groaned at the
humiliating position she was forced to assume, but Ranger's
tongue action soon took her mind off it.  I had to get a closer
look and dropped to the floor at Ranger's side, bringing my face
up to her pussy.  The sight was mesmerizing as Ranger's long
pink tongue tortured her abused sex.  After a few minutes of
this, Judy said, "Let's carry her over to the ottoman."

Judy and the boys shuffled Jenny into the living room as Ranger
followed.  They laid her over the padded ottoman on her back,
maintaining the wide spread.  Judy stood back and quickly
stripped.  She got down at Jenny's head and pulled her arms out
straight, stretching her out fully.  Judy patted Jenny's tight
belly.  Ranger needed no further instructions.  He climbed over,
straddling the ottoman, hovering over Jenny's frightened face. 
Judy said to me, "Well, Pete.  Would you like to do the honors?"

I smiled and knelt between Ranger's left flank and Jennifer's
right leg.  I took his fully extended cock and guided it to
Jenny's tight slippery pussy hole.  He was humping air as the tip
made contact.  Jenny squealed as it took an inch of pussy.  I
got low and watched inch after inch sink into my daughter.  He
had half of his cock inside when he began humping in earnest. 
The rest went in fast, taking Jenny's breath away.  Ranger was
fucking her hard and fast.  Jenny moaned and groaned, whipping
her head from side to side.  

Judy came up on Ranger's other side and began using her fingers
to roam the point of genital contact.  She rubbed on Jenny's
hard button clit, inducing a long string of moans from the girl. 
Jenny humped to meet the dog cock as her mother shoved a finger
up her ass and declared, "Oh, yes.  He's got a nice big knot. 
They're locked up good now."  

The boys did not need to hold her legs.  Mark went to her head
and stuffed his cock in her mouth.  Stevie got behind Judy and
humped her wiggling ass.  I stood back to take in the whole scene
and noticed Brandon ease inside the front door.

We met half way and turned our attention to my fucking family. 
He put his arm around my shoulder, smiled and said, "I knew you
were executive material.  Get Okida on the phone first thing
tomorrow morning.  Make arrangements for two sluts and a dog to
make a goodwill tour of Japan."

I took my finger out of my nose, examined my treasure, wiped it
on my hip, and said, "First thing in the morning, Boss."

Me and Brandon took seats and propped our feet up to watch the
show.  As soon as Judy saw Brandon, she crawled to Jennifer's
head and pushed Mark away.  She laid Jenny's head back over the
edge of the ottoman, then crawled into position to back onto
Jenny's face.  She wiggled her sloppy beaver against the inverted
face of my daughter and smiled devilishly as she made a firm
contact.  She called Mark and Stevie over.  They stood on either
side of her head with their cocks jutting in her face.  She
mouthed them alternately while smiling at me and Brandon.

Brandon leaned over and said, "Make those reservations for four
and a dog."   

                        THE END
