STORY: Mademoiselle Bellecoeur

I had been warned, in class, that I would receive a bare-bottomed
"correction", if I was ever late again.
Sure enough, next week I slept in and rushed to Grade 11 Chemistry, only
to get there a good 5 minutes after the late bell.  It was a hot day
in June, but the school was air-conditioned, and she was wearing a tight
pair of light blue jeans and a violet V-neck blouse which plunged rather
nicely.  After peering in the window, I opened the door.

Irritated at the interruption she looked up and *glared* at me.  

"I'LL SEE YOU AT 3 O'CLOCK, PAUL!  NOW GET TO YOUR SEAT!"

   My heart was beating fast; I had been warned more than once.
The class (mostly girls) gave each other questioning looks.  This was
a side of Mlle. Bellecoeur no one had seen before.  Her first name was 
Anne-Marie but she was "Madame" or "Mademoiselle" to us (the correct one
was Mademoiselle, because she was single)  The rest of the day passed far
too quickly, with butterflies in my stomach.  It was the feeling I usually
got just as the rollercoaster came over the top.  I went home for lunch,
unable to eat much.  She wouldn't really *hit* me, would she?  Nah, 
probably she would give me detention or extra work to do.  Corporal 
punishment was unheard of, these days right? And besides, I was a Grade 11
now, wasn't I?  Graduating in a year, exactly.  Still, that LOOK in her
eyes...

   History passed far too quickly, with the teacher blathering endlessly.
Most of the year's marks were in, this wasn't even a required course, and
it was HOT outside!  The students around me were as active as lizards in the
noonday sun, but I was wide awake and fidgeting.  Those seconds seemed to
go by twice as fast -- but I was also tired of waiting.  Wait a minute,
this is silly.  Me, 5'8'' and 150 lbs was going to get turned over some
woman's knee?  Ridiculous! Yes, I would just
march right in there, and if she tried anything, just laugh at her.  Hmph!

   Geography was much the same.  I nervously counted the seconds.  3:00!
Bzzzzz!  The class chattered excitedly -- no homework, Friday afternoon,
and a beautiful week-end coming up.

   A little less confident, I walked to my locker and put away my books.
I dawdled, finalizing plans for an overnight camping trip tomorrow.  Finally,
I headed down the now deserted west wing of the school, where the science
labs were.   Always the last one out of the Science labs, Mr. Carruthers
wished me a good weekend and headed out.  My sure-mindedness seemed to ebb
as I pulled the heavy lab door open.  It banged shut behind me.

   "You're late!" , she remarked calmly.  Wow!  I'd forgotten she was the
girls' gym teacher too.  Dressed in white T-shirt and a pair of very short
gym shorts, she stood with arms akimbo at the back of the room.  

   "All, right come over here.  Have a seat."  Heart beating a little
faster, I walked down the aisle and sat on the lab bench across from her,
our knees almost touching.  She hopped on the high lab bench opposite,
and began lecturing me. I couldn't help but notice the referee's 
whistle, the way it rested on the beginning of the curve of her small,
firm breasts.  Bra straps were visible on her semi-bare shoulders.  Her
class had just finished, and a drop of sweat rolled from her neck, down,
down, ...  This room was *always* cold -- a loud fan suddenly started
at the front of the room.  She changed position, and her magnificent, bare
leg brushed against mine.  So smooth, they were, and tan ...

   "Paul!  Are you listening to me??" she demanded.  

   "..ah OUI Oui! madame!".  She continued to harangue me, and I assured
her that I would *not* come late again.  Hmm! was that was it then.  She
was going to let me off with a lecture and no extra work.

    But she abruptly jumped up.  "Ok, Paul get ready.  I'm going to spank
you now.  I'll be right back."  She strode into the adjoining room, the
lab office where students weren't allowed, her shirt tail floating behind
her, providing just the slightest hint of brown skin.

   WHAT!?  I couldn't believe it, and broke into a cold sweat.
Nervously I got up, and paced a couple of steps... it didn't matter, for
she came right back through the swinging door with a pair of keys jangling
in her hand.  "Ha ha, very funny!" I said, not at all sure of myself.

   "No joke, Paul.  You're going to get a spanking, une *bonne correction*"
she said, looking me straight in the eye, from very close. "I warned you
more than once -- this is something you really deserve." I caught the
delightful scent of her perfume, and .. what was that ... even her deodorant,
Arrid.   She unlocked a drawer with the keys and pulled out a gleaming
steel ruler.  *WHACK* it slapped against her palm.  Ohmigosh, she's really
serious-what-will-I-do..

   "You can't be serious, Madame, I-"

   "THAT'S ENOUGH!" she cut me off.  "Now, take off your jean shorts and 
shoes, and put them on that desk"  Still confused, and now pretty scared,
I complied, while she locked the drawer again.  "Come here." she commanded.  
She turned me facing the lab bench and wall and went to retrieve the
ruler, a long, wide businesslike one  with, *what* was that ... it looks
like a HAND-GRIP on one end!

    "Get ready"  Incredulous, I hooked my fingers in my boxer shorts,
(the ones with dalmations all over) and prepared to strip before this 
magnificent woman..  A certain, ah .. firmness began to develop, mercifully
hidden against the lab bench.

   "That's fine, you can leave your boxers on" she intoned, "Now bend 
over!"   She firmly pushed me right over on the bench, with my feet firmly
on the floor still.  I spread my legs slightly, and hung on to the lab 
faucet... 
   
   *WHACK*  The first blow caught me squarely.  "Now, Paul, this is for
your three lates last week..."  *WHACK *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK*
That flurry of blows marked my stinging introduction to real discipline.
But the correction had scarcely begun.

   "You were late on Monday."  *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK*  The cotton shorts
were providing no protection against the slaps.  Oooh that hurt!

   "Tuesday, you missed a homework assignment." *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK*
*WHACK*   This was having an effect.  I began to squirm and protest,
"But Madame, on Tuesday I--"  

   "*Silence!*  *No*  *arguments*  *from*  *you*".  She punctuated each
word with a very hard slap.

   "Wednesday, you were late AGAIN."  *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK* ... this
was becoming unbearable, and I began to get up... "We're not done yet..
down you go"  *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK* another triple smack drove the
point home.  She paused to catch her breath.  I was desperate,  the heat
from my (no doubt red) backside was intense, and my toes curled at the
thought of much more of this punishment.

   "As I said, Wednesday you were late." *WHACK* *WHACK* -- I whimpered
slightly and rose slightly to shift position.  "Look Paul, you have to
stop moving around."  She came around the bench to look intently in my eyes.
"You're going to get a real good spanking.  I realize that it hurts, but 
you have got to take it like a man.  All right?" She lifted my chin with
the ruler.  I nodded, wide-eyed.

   "Here we go.  Wednesday!"  *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK*  *WHACK* *WHACK*
These last blows drove me against the bench, until I strained on tiptoe,
trying desperately to get away from that awful implement. I had no choice--
I tried to get up desperately...

   "that's IT!"  Exasperated, she dropped the ruler and looked me 
straight in the eye, and paused.  Suddenly she grabbed me by the scruff
of the neck and the back of my shorts and wedgie-walked me quickly to the
front of the room, where a chair sat all by itself on the floor.  Ignoring
my protests she sat down, and with a single motion stripped my shorts down
to my ankles.  My T-shirt was yanked off and tossed aside.  However,
I had no time to contemplate my humiliating situation,
because she smoothly slid me onto her lap, and then ... nothing.
  
   What was she waiting for? I braced myself... She began to berate me
about moving during punishment, and concluded that this licking was
not over, yet... 

   >SLAP< >SLAP< >SLAP<  She paused and berated me some
more.

   For the next few minutes, she alternated spanks with solemn lectures
on the virtues of punctuality, respect, and hard work.  I began to 
breathe faster,  felt a whine coming on and suppressed it.  All around
me was Her scent, the tantalizing rustle of Her shorts between smacks,
and the cool smoothness of Her legs as my erection pressed firmly against
Her bare thigh.  Ooh how it hurt.  I wanted to beg, plead for her mercy.

   Finally, she paused to rub her hands.  My erection became rock hard,
checked only by her leg.   She pulled off her right shoe. Uh oh!-
WHACKK!  WHACKKK!  I yelped helplessly with each blow... this was going
to be it; she was going to break me.  I would be utterly humiliated,
unable to look her in the eye. My eyes filled with tears.. 

  Perhaps sensing victory, she stopped.  Dropped the shoe, and OH if
that wasn't the best sound in the world!  Gratefully, I mustered the
shred of dignity that I still had and stood before her as she got up.
Her eyes looked me over, paused low, with a hungry look.  "OK Paul, I
think you got the message.  You can get dressed."  Gingerly, I retrieved
my boxers which had somehow flown over three aisles.   The jeans came
on last, slowly and painfully as she watched, hands on hips.

  Why I did this next, I don't know; but just before I left the room, I
had to brush by her.  Turning, I looked her in the eyes and kissed her
on the cheek.  "Thanks, I needed that!"

  Curiously, she blushed now even though all through my lesson she remained
cool.   Embarrassed, she barked "Ok Ok get going or you'll go over my
knee again!" and emphasized the message with a reminder spank.  Playful or
not, it sure hurt my stinging, tender bottom so I yelped and scooted to
the door.  As I exited I saw a strange look come over her face and she
began to breathe quickly.  As I reached the other end of the deserted
school, I could faintly hear cries of ecstasy from the science wing.
