
MAN MAID!!!

It was my vacation week and I was looking forward to a week

of rest and relaxation.  My wife had to work so I had the

house to myself.  The first morning of the week I kissed my

wife goodbye, and as soon as she left for work, I got up and

started to get "Dressed".  I went to the attic and brought

down my favorite underthings dress and shoes.  I am a bit

larger than my wife, otherwise I would wear her things.

I Took a quick shower and shaved my face as close as I

could.  After drying off I slipped into a sheer nightgown

and went to the bedroom to get dressed.  I slipped off the

nighty and put on a black lace merrywidow with matching

black lace bikini panties.I had taken in the merrywidow and

it pulled my waist in a good 4 or 6 inchws, giving me quite

a bit  of a figure.  My maleness was allready starting to

rise, so I paused a bit and tucked it under and pulled the

tight panties up.  I then slid on a pair of black stockings

and attached them to the garters. Next I slipped a pair of

breasts into the cups and took a good look in the mirror.  I

saw a very sexy lady looking back at me.  (so much for

fantasy!).

I sat down at my wifes vanity and started to put on my

makeup.  I was in the middle of the lipstick when I heard

the door open.  I panicked.  "Honey I forgot my purse."   I

heard my wife say as she headed to the bedroom.  My wife

does not know of my dressing.  I have tried to tell her

before, but I couldn't.  I tried to hide but It was usless.

She opened the door and saw me trying to cover myself up.

"What on earth are you wearing?" she stammered.  I fumbled

out a flimsy excuse that made no sense at all, when she said

" I always thought you were hiding something, but I never

thought  it was this".  "Are you mad?" I asked her.  "Let me

put it this way", she said "I dont know why you are wearing

my clothes, but you had better have a better excuse than you

were lonley!"  "We will talk more when I get home, and I

want my husband not this" she said sternly as she stormed

out of the house.

All my plans and dreams seemed to be crushed all that day.

I finished dressing, puting on a leather mini skirt and silk

blouse, but my mind was on what my wife said. That afternoon

I changed back into my male clothes and prepared myself to

face the music.

My wife came home and after a good hour of cold war stares

she asked me how long I had been wearing her clothes.

"Well", I started " I have been wearing girls clothes off

and on since I was 12 years old".  "I am not gay I just love

the way I look in the clothes".  My wife asked me why didn't

I tell her.  I told her I have tried to many times.  "Don't

you remember Halloween last year when I sugested you dress

as a pimp and I would be your `girl`?"  "Yes" she said "

come to think of it you did get into the roll more than I

expected to."  "And another thing", she said " were did you

get those clothes, they weren't mine!?"  "Actually they are

mine", I said " I have a collection of many different types

of dresses and such".  "You mean the things you had on this

morning are yours" She asked?  "Yes they are", I said.  "I

have some information you can read", I said " if you want

more information about crossdressing"  "Get it for me" She

said "and after I read it we will talk again".

I got the information about dressing from my study.  It

included articles about crossdressers, as well as some

magazines on the subject.  The next few days My wife said

very little about the subject, and I was not going to upset

her by bringing it up.  Then on Friday she called me and

said she would be late coming home because she had to do

some shopping.  Later that night was watching the tube and

my wife came in and made a bee line to the bedroom.  "Don't

come in here", she said I want to show you something in a

minute.  I sat in the living room trying to figure out

what she had.

She came into the living room a few minutes later wearing a

tight licra dress and 5" heels.  ""You look great" I said.

"Not as good as you are going to look" she said as she

grabbed my hand and led me into the bedroom. My malness was

hard as a rock as I watched her buns swish in the tight

dress.  Her gatrers were very visible under the material and

that only made it better.  When we got in the bedroom she

told me to close my eyes.  I closed them and she ordered me

to strip.  I asked her what the supprise was and she told me

not to worry and do as I was told.  After I was naked I felt

her putting some lotion on my legs.  This will help your

legs to look better she said.  I knew what was going on,

but I was to stunned to ask her why the change of heart!.

After a few minutes she took me by the hand and led me to

the shower.  "Hop in and wash off". she said " and meet me

back in the bedroom.  I got into the shower and I saw the

hair falling off my legs.  After I finished the shower I

dried off and went back into the bedroom.  My wife had some

lingerie laid out on the bed.

"Put this on " she said as she handed me a silver lame'

merrywidow.  I put the merrywidow on and she told me to turn

around.  I turned around and she hooked it up the back.

"Not a bad fit for a first try" she said as she hooked the

last one. "Now for the panties", she said  "but first we

have to do something about that protrusion".  My cock got

even harder wwhen she said that.  "I want you to take care

of it the way you would if I wasn't here!" she said.  "And

if you refuse I will tell all your friend about your

"hobby".  Reluctantly I took my cock in my hand and started

to masturbate.  I was about half way to climaxing when she

stopped me and said ,"you need something on your legs for

this", and gave me a pair of lace stockings and 6" black

pumps.  "put these on babie" she said with a sly look.  I

sat on the bed and slid the nylons up my legs.  They felt so

smooth in contrast to my hairy legs.  I attached the garters

and slipped into the shoes.  "Where did you get this stuff"

I asked her.  "be quiet and do as your told" she reminded

me.

"Now stand up and finish the job at hand so to speak" she


said.  I took my raging member in my hand and in a minute of

quick moves I shot half way across the room.  "Perfect" my

wife said " and just think it's all on film!"  "FILM" I

shouted, "you filmed this".  "Yes babie how else do you

expect me to keep tabs on you."  But dont worry, as long as

you do as I ask, no one will ever see this tape."  After a

bit more protest, she had me put on the lame' panties and a

tight blue spandex minidress that barly covered the tops of

my stocking when I stood up.  "Sit down and let me make you

up" she said.

While she was appling my foundation, she started to tell me

what was going on.  "I read the information you gave me and

I realized you really enjoy wearing womens clothing.  Judging

by what I saw you wearing Monday and the articles I read I

figured this was the look you loved the best."  She finished

the foundation and started on my eyes.  "I went to one of

the stores in the magazine you gave me to read,  That's were

I found this outfit your wearing as well as my outfit.  I

decided that I would rather have you dress like this here

instead of worrying that you would dress like this when you

were away".

She finished my eyes with a bright shade of blue eye shadow

and black mascara, then started on my lips with a shade of

deep red lipstick.  "The way I figure it" she continued, "

is, if I have a husband who dresses up like a woman, I might

as well let him.  In fact  you look so good I might just

keep you this way all the time".

When she was finished with the make up, she brought out a

blond  shoulder length wig. "Lets put this on and see how

you look Andy, I mean Annie".  She put the wig on me and

adjusted it and then helped me up and brought me to the

mirror for a look.  I couldnt believe what I saw.  If I was

a woman, I would be chasing myself.  I turned from side to

side and I looked great.  "Annie" my wife said, "we forgot

your breasts"  I looked and realized that the only "chest"

was from the merrywidow.  "Lets use yours" she said  I went

to the attic to get my falsies.  When I returned, my wife

pulled my dress over my head and slipped the breasts into

the cups.  After I pulled the dress down.  I took another

look in the mirror.  "there, thats much better" she said.

After admiring myself in the mirror I realised the vcr was

still recording this and I was going to ask my wife to turn

it off.  Then I thought about it and said to myself "what

the heck I will make interesting viewing later".  My

thoughts were broken by my wifes order to make dinner.

"what would you like love" I asked.  I don't know just

surprise me.

I went to the kitchen and started making a nice steak

dinner.  I was enjoying the newfound acceptance by my wife.

"Dinners ready Honey" I called from the kitchen.  "I'll be

right there" she said.  She came out in one of my suits.  I

noticed a buldge in her pants that took me by surprise.  She

came over to me,  gave me a hug, grabbed my buns and said

"you look great honey" "Whats for dinner"  "Steak and rice"

I said.  She squeezed my ass again and said great I'm

starved let's eat."  We sat down and ate.

"You know Annie", she said "you have been working much to

hard around here.  I think it is time to get a maid".  "A

maid" I asked?  "Yes, and I have just the outfit for her"

she said with a sly look as she finished dinner.

"After dinner I was washing the dished when my wife came in

the kitchen and started to feel my leg up to my crotch.

"Lets go to bed Annie", she said "the dishes can wait for

the maid".  I didn't have to be asked twice  we retreated to

the bedroom and I started to take off my dress when my wife

stopped me.  "Leave it on Annie"she said "it looks good"  I

pulled the dress back down and layed on the bed.  My wife

came over and started to caress me like I do to her.  It

felt so good I almost felt like a real woman.  The started

to kiss me passionately, and started to remove her clothes.

I had almost forgotton that I was dressed as a girl and she

as a man.  Then she took off her pants I found out were the

buldge came from. She had a strap on dildo under her bvds.

I started to get nervous, when she came over to me and

started to caress my cock.  I reached down and returned the

favor.  She slowly started kissing me from the neck down to

my heels.  When she got to me heels she re-positioned

herself and started to nibble on my cock through the fabric

of my panties.  She shoved her hips towards my face and her

"cock" was staring me in the face.  I didn't know what to

do.  " Go ahead Annie suck me" she moaned.  I gook her in my

mouth and went to town.  After a while she stopped and  told

me to turn over.  I did and she slid her "cock" were no one

has been before!  I cried out in pain "that hurts"  " Now

you know how It feels to be a woman.  Don't worry Annie in a

few days you will be used to it.

After what seemed to be an eternity, I was able to drift off

to sleep.  When I woke up I was still in my dress.  My wife

was up and said from the kitchen, "good morning Annie. your

clothes are in the closet"  I went to the closet and the

only thing there was a short short Maids uniform, and some

lingere.

The uniform ws the same one I put on layaway at the TV shop

in town.  It even had the slip I filled out.

I took off my clothes from the night before and  started to

put on the clothes in the closet.  There was my black

merrywidow, and panties.  I put them on and found a pair of

fishnet stockings to wear in the pile.  I put on the maids

uniform and noticed it bairley covered my cheeks  In the box

erer 2 short pettycoats and some matching ruffled panties.

When I finished I went to the kitchen and my wife said "its

about time Annie, I've been waiting for breakfast for 10

minutes now".  I made her eggs and coffee.  While I was

cooking I felt the back of the uniform ride over me rear end

and her hand patted my bum.  "I think I am going to enjoy

this" she said ""Tonight I am going to have company annie,

and I want you to serve us."  " What" I said as I turned

around  "You don't expect me to dress this way in front of

other people"  "Not just other people Annie, Just my friend

Jack."  Before I had a chance to say anything, she  got up

and started to leave. " Oh and remember the vidio darling, I

never shut it off yesterday, and I made a copy last night.

So if you want everyone to see you having fun just dress in

mens clothes tonight. " I didn't know what to do.  On one

hand dressing up is great, but on the other hand I was

scared about tonight.  "Remember Annie, dinner at

6:30".......

to be continued...










Type Selection or L for list,
P to set protocol, <CR> to exit:




=======================
= Jersey Shore System =
=======================
:   Fantasy Files     :


<->Exit, <T>ime, <G>oodbye, <!>Instant Logoff (No frills)

Note:  DO NOT upload compressed (ARC or ZIP)
files!!!  Files must be in ASCII text!



<D>ownload fantasy file
<U>pload Fantasy Files

                                                                                                                   