"A Maiden Fair to See"
Copyright 1995 D.Joan Leib


Teeth clamped firmly on her lower lip, Captain Kathryn Janeway strode 
into sickbay, her tall lean body tense. "Computer, activate- oh." Her 
imperious tone trailed off as she caught sight of the holodoctor.

"Yes, I'm already on, Captain," he said in his usual resigned tone. 
"What can I do for you?"

"I got my hand caught in a conduit down in Engineering," Janeway said 
through teeth gritted in pain, holding out the injured part, which was 
swollen and puffy. The doctor led her to a chair and reached for his 
instruments. 

As he worked on her, and the pain subsided, Janeway looked the doctor 
over. There was something strangely compelling about him...why did she 
always get so turned on when she was in pain? Then, too, she'd always 
had a thing for men with little or no hair. Sighing, she remembered a 
glorious evening on Starbase Two-Twenty-Nine, when that awful 
commander had hit on her, what was his name, Spike, Pike, Spiker, 
something like that...and his captain had gallantly rescued her...and 
then the captain had hit on her...and then they'd gone back to his 
ready room...she began to grow wet at the memory. Ah, those were the 
days...

Coming out of her reverie, she thought she heard the doctor mutter, 
"Look at me, brain the size of a small planet...."

"What was that?" Janeway demanded, confused and embarrassed, hoping 
the doctor hadn't noticed her momentary lapse into nostalgia.

"I said, you must have really slammed it. The bones were stressed, but 
nothing actually broke. You should be fine." As the holodoctor gave a 
final pass with his medcorder, the door opened and Kes walked in, 
apparently immersed in the data on her PADD. She headed directly for 
the doctor's office, never looking up.

"Captain, while you're here, might I ask you a favor?" the doctor 
asked, putting away his equipment and helping Janeway to her feet.

"Certainly." With her hand no longer screaming in agony, Janeway was 
feeling much more amenable to conversation, and even beginning to 
wonder what it might be like to screw a hologram....

"It's about Kes." He lowered his voice circumspectly. "She's been 
extremely distracted lately."

"Is that right?" Momentary concern furrowed Janeway's brow. She 
glanced at the office where Kes sat, staring glassy-eyed at a data 
screen.

"I believe it's some sort of...domestic trouble?" the doctor said. 
"It's beginning to interfere with her work. I'd speak to her myself, 
but I thought she might prefer to talk to another woman. At least," he 
straightened up, and some of the characteristic proud arrogance 
returned to his features, "so my programming indicates."

"I see," Janeway mused, watching the tiny pointed teeth that were 
biting Kes's lower lip.

"And she does seem to be quite...admiring of you," the doctor added, 
almost completely without innuendo. Janeway sighed. The holodoc was 
not the first to bring to her attention the case of hero-worship that 
young Kes seemed to have. But she, Kate Janeway, refused to admit that 
she was old enough for that sort of thing. Why, it seemed like just a 
year or two ago that she was as young, nubile, and...curious...as Kes. 
Hmm. Well, so much for balding men.

"I'll see what I can do," Janeway told the doctor, and added, 
"Computer, end emergency medical program." A look of surprise and 
indignation barely had a chance to cross the doctor's face before he 
ceased to exist.

Janeway started toward the office, but paused as the memory of 
Starbase 227 resurfaced. She took a moment to bask in the pleasure of 
that memory...

()()()()()()()()()()()()(
"I don't usually do this sort of thing," said Jean-Luc Picard as he 
sank down on the sofa next to Kate Janeway. "For that matter, I don't 
usually share my first officer's taste in women."

"Mmm, neither do I," Janeway agreed, thinking with distaste of Tuvok's 
cold, humorless wife. She shook that off and swallowed whatever Picard 
had been about to say in a deep kiss. His tongue caught at hers, and 
they could taste the synthahol in each other's mouths. When they 
parted, they were breathless, and Picard's hands were covering 
Janeway's breasts, the heels of his sensitive hands rubbing her 
nipples through her uniform.

"Well, there's a first time for everything, I suppose, Captain," 
Picard said, continuing the conversation as if nothing had happened. 
"Have you ever been involved with someone of equal rank? I mean, after 
ensign, of course."

"I don't think so, Captain," Janeway said, trying to pull a memory out 
of her synthahol- and lust-glazed brain. She arched her back into 
Picard's caresses and felt for the line where his uniform shirt met 
his trousers. "I had a lieutenant once when I was a commander. You?"

"My sex life has been rather slow since I got this commission," Picard 
admitted.

"You must be kidding," Janeway gasped, leaning forward to run her 
hands over his smooth bare head. "With the size of the crew you've got 
here on a Constellation-class ship...and not just any Constellation, 
the Enterprise, my goodness!" She shivered with pleasure as his tongue 
trailed across her throat. "You must have plenty of crewmembers 
throwing themselves at you, I'm sure, Captain."

"Well, there's my ship's doctor-" He stopped himself. "Nevermind that, 
I want to concentrate on you right now, Captain. Ahh!" The chill of 
the room hit his stomach as Kate lifted his shirt away from it.

"Oh, Jean-Luc...just keep talking. I love the sound of your voice!" 
she sighed, tossing her hair back over her shoulder, allowing him full 
access to her throat and the sensitive pleasure points on either side 
of it. He kissed them gently and growled.

"Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?" he muttered, and his voice 
trailed off in a moan as she trailed a finger, freshly wet from her 
lips, across his tight nipple. "Dear God, Captain, what do you want 
from me, a miracle?"

"Keep talking!" Janeway demanded hoarsely, climbing onto him as he 
sank backward onto the sofa. His shoulders met the cushions and he 
reached for her newly-bared breasts, and as she slid down onto him he 
managed to begin with "We hold these truths to be self-evident..."

)()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()

Snap out of it, Kate, Janeway said to herself, shaking her head 
slightly. She blinked several times, brought herself back to the 
Voyager and the present. Alas, Jean-Luc Picard was many light-years 
and many temporal years away. But Kes...A gleam lit in Janeway's eye 
and she slid through the door into the office.

"Kes, we have to talk," she said, her gravelly voice more tense than 
usual. The young Ocampa jumped in surprise, dropping her PADD onto the 
table, and leapt to her feet.

"Captain! I-I didn't see you there. Is something wrong?"

"So I'm told." Janeway decided to soften her approach. She let the 
door close behind her, and sat down, gesturing Kes to do the same. 
"The doctor seems to think something is wrong. Is there anything you'd 
like to talk about?" She wondered if this lovely little elf could 
possibly really enjoy sex with that awful Neelix creature. What on 
earth possessed some women, anyway?

To Janeway's surprise, Kes blushed a little and looked down at her 
hands in her lap. "Well, Captain, I guess...I mean..." She made a 
helpless gesture and started again. "It's not that I'm not happy with 
Neelix, really..." She looked up. "I know people think he's just 
annoying and...and silly...but he's really a sweet man. He's so good 
to me. He treats me like a queen. Only...."

"Only what?" Janeway prompted gently.

"Well," Kes' blush deepened. "You see, Captain, back home I used to, I 
mean, Neelix would never forgive me if he knew, and it's not that he 
isn't good or anything, but...we've been here on your ship for months 
now and I really miss having sex with women!" she said all in a rush, 
then blushed still deeper and looked down again, twisting her hands 
together nervously. Janeway sat back, startled. Was it going to be 
this easy? Kes looked up and misinterpreted the captain's surprise.

"It's really not that unusual among my people, lots of Ocampa women do 
it," she began, but Janeway held up a hand.

"I understand completely, Kes. It's not all that uncommon among my 
people, either."

"Oh?" Kes looked relieved. "Well, I'm glad you understand, Captain." 
Her dejected expression returned and she sighed softly.

"I can do more than just understand," Janeway said, sliding her chair 
nearer to Kes'. The younger woman looked up, not understanding. 
Janeway saw Kes' breasts move with her breath; the captain felt a 
strong surge of arousal. Swiftly, she leaned forward and put her open 
mouth over Kes'. Janeway's hands darted out and seized Kes' shoulders, 
holding her firmly down against the chair as she slid her tongue 
sensuously over the younger woman's lips.

Kes surprised the captain again; instead of struggling, she responded 
eagerly. Her hands came up Janeway's waist, and her little pointed 
teeth nipped lightly at the invading tongue. Janeway groaned and 
released her tight hold on Kes' shoulders, digging her fingers into 
the fastenings of the younger woman's loose dress. Swiftly she got her 
hands under the clothing and gripped Kes' small breasts, glorying in 
the feel of her silky skin, the nipples already hard.

"Oh," Kes gasped. "Oh, no, I can't, please stop, Captain! Neelix-"

"What he doesn't know won't hurt him," Janeway said huskily. She knew 
the protests were weak at best, because Kes was already naked under 
her captain's hungry fingers, her small body perfectly shaped like a 
visual symphony of planes and curves, her skin smooth and creamy, her 
entire body a testimony to her arousal as she sprawled in the chair 
under the assault of Janeway's experienced fingers and mouth.

"Oh!" Kes sighed again, parting her thighs willingly as the captain 
brushed her fingertips lightly across the tender skin of her inner 
thighs. "Oh, it's been so long..." She abandoned herself to sensation, 
throwing her head back against the chair. Her short blonde hair 
ruffled. The hair between her legs was the same soft, feathery gold 
stuff, curling gently around Janeway's fingers as she teased it 
gently. Kes moaned and pressed her pelvis upward, seeking blindly for 
the tantalizing fingers. Janeway hesitated one last tormenting moment, 
and finally moved her hand down, pressing two fingers inside Kes' wet 
tunnel and flicking her thumb over the girl's swollen clit. Kes 
twitched and sighed again with growing passion. 

Janeway flicked her thumb again and felt a gush of warm liquid on her 
fingers. She withdrew her hand and pulled back slightly, drawing a 
whimper of protest from the girl. Janeway raked her eyes slowly across 
the sight, Kes spread across the chair quivering with arousal. One of 
her hands came to life and rubbed against the captain's crotch, where 
the Starfleet-issue fabric was already soaked. Janeway grunted and 
brushed the hand aside, slid to the floor and knelt, holding Kes down 
again. She put her mouth to the spot between Kes' high breasts and 
sucked, using her teeth until she felt blood rise to the surface of 
the skin. Pulling back again, she admired the bright red blotch she'd 
made. She brushed her tongue over it and then moved in a swift line 
downward, pulling Kes' legs over her shoulders in preparation for the 
main event. The Ocampa, knowing what was next, was already afire with 
anticipation, and she quivered uncontrollably as Janeway kissed the 
tender insides of her thighs. With a sudden swift motion, Janeway 
plunged her entire mouth into Kes, and the younger woman bit down 
furiously on her lower lip to contain her yelps of pleasure. Janeway 
teased her for several minutes, bringing her to the brink and then 
backing off, until Kes was sobbing in lust and frustration. When she 
finally came, it was in a flood, her entire body convulsing. The chair 
squeaked in protest. Janeway moved swiftly to swallow Kes' moans in 
her own mouth, rubbing her groin against the girl's thigh. It wasn't 
very far to Janeway's own point of ecstasy -- the enthusiastic 
reaction of Kes to her ministrations had gotten her quite excited.

Recovering, Janeway moved back to the other chair and watched as Kes 
regained her breath and some of her composure. The younger woman 
looked up, her breath and her heart skipping a beat as her eyes met 
the captain's. Kes moved forward and kissed Janeway again, then moved 
her little tongue across the captain's chin and cheeks to taste her 
own juices. She lifted Janeway's hand to her mouth and sucked her own 
flavor from that as well. Then she noticed the blemish between her 
breasts.

"Oh, no!" she cried in dismay, running her fingers lightly across it. 
"What will I tell Neelix? He's sure to notice this! Oh, Captain," she 
looked anxiously at Janeway, "I should never have let you..." her 
voice trailed off, and she blushed slightly.

"Don't be silly," Janeway said, rising and pulling Kes to her feet as 
well. The younger woman was still naked, and the captain ran her hands 
possessively down Kes's back to squeeze her buttocks gently, feeling a 
little jolt of excitement run through Kes. "You're in sickbay, 
remember? Just heal it up, he'll never have to know." She lowered her 
head to look Kes in the eyes...and the lips. "How long did you say it 
had been?"

"Oh, um..." Kes was distracted by the tantalizing nearness of the 
captain. She could smell the human's alluring scent of arousal, and 
her lips literally ached for the other's...."Almost four months before 
we left," she barely managed to whisper.

"Then that can't possibly be enough," Janeway said in her most 
reasonable tone, pressing closer, drawing little tantalizing circles 
around Kes' nipples with her fingernails. "We'll have to go to my 
quarters and see that you're fully satisfied."

"Your-your quarters?" Kes repeated timidly. "But-" She gave in to 
temptation at last, stretching upward to kiss the captain. Their 
mouths met like an electrical connection closing, tongues searching, 
for an aching moment before Janeway pulled back and handed Kes her 
dress.

"Much as I enjoy the thrill of possible discovery," Janeway explained 
as Kes fastened the gauzy garment, "I think we'll both be happier in a 
more private environment. Don't you?"

Kes forced all thoughts of Neelix and his reaction aside. "Oh, yes, 
Captain. May I lick you all over the way you did me? I want to make 
you happy, too."

Janeway felt a twinge in her groin. She wondered how she'd survive the 
brief trip to her quarters. "Anything you like."

On their way out, the two women picked up a medkit. "Computer," said 
Janeway, "activate emergency medical personnel." The doctor flipped 
into existence.

"Please state the nature -- oh, Captain. You needn't have turned me 
off like that."

"Sorry," Janeway said flippantly. "Kes and I are going to have a 
little chat. I hope you won't be needing her for a while."

"Oh, I believe I can manage."

"Good. And, Doctor?" In the doorway, Janeway paused to look over her 
shoulder. "That chair could use an oiling." They left the doctor 
there, comprehension beginning to dawn on his craggy face.

-END-
