
                            Mistress Andrea's Maid
                            ----------------------

It was just another hectic day at the office, so I was really glad when I
finally got outta there, even if it was an hour later than  usual.  "Phew," I
thought to myself, "thank God that's over."  It was Friday, so I wasn't really
in a hurry to get home.  It was better that way, too, since I had to use
public transportation -- my car broke down a couple of days before.  So it
took me quite a while to get to the station where I usually board the bus to
the place I live.

When I finally got there, I saw her again -- a tall, good-looking and well
dressed redhead.  I had noticed her a few days earlier while waiting for the
bus to arrive, and I was surprised to find out that she lived near my place.
But, as it goes, I thought to myself, "Hell, I ain't got a chance with a
classy lady like that," and tried to forget about her.  But here she was
again, looking better than ever in her tight black leather skirt, her high
heels and the black seamed stockings; even her make-up was perfect.

I must have been staring, I suppose, 'cause suddenly a broad smile came to her
face and she was walking in my direction.

"Hi," she said.

"Uhm, hi," I replied.  I must have blushed a little, since her smile got even
wider -- and me, number one dummy, did not know what to say.

"You don't have to be embarrassed," she said.  "I'm  used to people staring at
me; I have to be, or else I couldn't dress the way I do.  Anyway, I think it
was kinda cute, seeing you stare THAT obvious."

"Uh, well, I'm really sorry, but I just couldn't help it.  You're the most
gorgeous lady I have ever seen in this country!"

Now it was her turn to blush. "I have heard lotsa lines in my time, but none
was exaggerated that much!"

"But it's true!" I insisted.

She laughed and said "Hey, I wasn't complaining!  Keep this up, flattery will
get you anything!  At my age you need all the compliments you can get."

She was kidding, of course (or was she?) -- I guessed she was about ten years
older than me, making her thirty-something, what I like to think of as a
woman's best age.  It was then that the bus came round the corner and we both
got in.

I sat down, thinking "This is too good to be true.  Surely she was just
kidding me.  No lady her age is that cool."  But, just as if she wanted to
show me I was wrong she came up and sat next to me.

"So, trying to get away, huh?" she said with a pout that made me laugh out
loud.

"Naah, I would never ever try to run away from something or someone as
pleasant as you."  I answered.

"Whaddaya know, you really CAN be a smooth talker once the ice is broken," she
replied.  "So I was right.  Now, lemme see whether I am right about some other
things, too.  You like to read English books, right?  I saw you reading a copy
of 'So Long, And Thanks For All The Fish' yesterday.  By the way: good book."

I was boggled.  "YOU know ..."

"... the entire Hitchhiker Trilogy."  Why, what's so unusal about that?

Once again, I didn't know what to say.  "This woman can't be real, she's so
natural, so cool, not as arrogant as most beautiful women are," I thought.

"Don't look now, but I think you just missed your  stop," she told me.

"To tell you the truth: I don't give a damn about that, I much rather wanna
stay with you -- that is, if you don't mind."

"Not at all," she said.  "I would have asked you to come up to my place
anyway, since I need someone to help me get rid of the champagne I got in my
fridge," she continued, smiling.

"Sure, anytime." I almost fainted.  I always wanted to meet a woman like that,
and here she was, right beside me, asking me to come with her.

"Hey, wake up, sleepyhead, whaddaya waiting for?" she yelled at me from the
bus door.  "You're not falling asleep on me, are you?"

While we walked to her apartment, I realized that I didn't even know her name,
so I asked her.

"Andrea", she said.  "And yours is Michael, right?"

I couldn't believe it.  This woman even knew my name.  "How did you ...?"

"Simple.  I overheard you and a friend of yours talking at the bus stop a
couple of days ago.  So I know.  Big deal."

"You're not by any chance a Private Eye or something like that?  You seem to
know an awful lot about me, as to which I know almost nothing about you!"

"No, relax, I'm not a cop or P.I. or anything even close.  You'll find out
soon enough, I'm afraid."

I was puzzled.  What could possibly be so bad that she was afraid of my
finding it out?  But before I could even begin to speculate we arrived at her
apartment.  She unlocked the door and I followed her inside.

She got the champagne from the refrigerator and a couple of glasses and then
joined me in the living room.  It was a nice apartment, and she had decorated
it nicely, so I felt right at home.

"So, how do you like my place?" she asked.  "I like it.  Actually I like it a
lot," I replied.

We sat there for some time, talking about the usual stuff, politics, music,
books, movies and things like that. It was really great doing that, sitting
there with that gorgeous lady and feeling comfortable around her, talking to
her as if she was just "one of the guys".  Then, as the conversation
developed, we suddenly came to the topic of clothes.  You could see her eyes
light up as she talked about her favorite dresses, how she really loved all
that lacy lingerie.

"So I've noticed."  I said.  "I have never seen such exquisite wardrobe on a
lady like you.  All you see'em wearing these days are blue jeans and sneakers,
sweatshirts and Army jackets.  It is so sad.  Most women could look
glamourous, if they just wanted to."

"I know what you mean," she said. "I mean, if you would have seen me without
the make-up and, as you said, in jeans and sneakers, you wouldn't have
bothered to take a second look, and we never would have met."  She smiled and
told me, "But I have lots of other surprises in store for you!"

"I believe you do," I replied.  "And I am looking forward to them," I said,
still wondering what the big secret could be.

So we sat there, first on the couch, then on the floor and snuggled up against
one another, joking and giggling as if we had known each other for years.  The
champagne did the rest, I suppose, as we both started exploring each others
bodies.

"Mmmmh, I just love women's bodies."  I moaned.  "How I wish I could be one!
All those pretty  clothes, that sexy lingerie, the gorgeous make-up -- I
really envy you gals."

She laughed. "Well, I think you are  right.  We do have some advantages in
that area."  She paused.  "Hey, I got an idea!  Why don't we dress you up like
the most gorgeous woman that ever lived -- that is, if you want to?"

"Sounds like fun." I said. "Hell, why not, let's do it!"

"OK then, go to the bathroom and take a shower.  Meanwhile I will go look for
the stuff we need."

"This is starting out pretty kinky," I thought to myself in the shower.  But I
didn't really care -- what the heck, this was something wild and crazy,
something I had often fantasized about but never experienced before in my
life.  I got out of the shower, dried myself off and opened the bathroom door.
I was speechless.  Andrea stood there, wearing a very short, tight black
leather skirt, a black see-thru blouse under which you could see her naked
breasts, a garter belt with black seamed stockings and black patent pumps with
heels that were at least 6 inches high.  My guess was that she just changed
the skirt and blouse, but none the less I was stunned.

"OK, slave, get down on your hands and knees." she shouted.  "We have to get
rid of that awful hair on your body."

Smiling at me, she forced me down on my knees and started shaving my legs, my
arms, chest, back, even my pubic area.  After that, she applied some kind of
lotion to my body, "so it doesn't hurt later on," she explained.  "Thank
goodness she didn't use after  shave!" was the only thought that popped into
my mind.

"Ok, so much for that.  Now let's do something about your figure.  Get up!"
she yelled at me.  With these words she grabbed a corset and put it round my
waist.  She had some trouble with it, but finally it was laced up nice and
tight, and even though I could hardly breathe, my excitement mounted.  This
was of course very obvious to her, since my cock already stood at full
attention.

"You like that, don't you?" she asked.  "Well, there's more.  We'll make a
beautiful maid out of you before the night is through.  But don't you dare
come before I allow you to, you son of a bitch!"

"Oooh, I love it when you talk like that," I replied.

"Did I give you permission to speak, huh?  I don't think so, so shut up!
Besides, you are to address me with 'Mistress Andrea', is that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress Andrea."

"Very good.  You learn fast.  Alright, let's get on with this.  Here, put on
these stockings."  She handed me a pair of stockings just like the ones she
was wearing.  I put them on my newly shaven legs, getting even hotter while
doing so.  I tried to fasten them, but Andrea, uhm, Mistress Andrea, stopped
me.

"What do you think you're doing?" she asked.  "Here, let me show you how it's
done, you stupid idiot.  If you don't do it like this, the seams will never be
straight and people will laugh at you behind your back!"  With these words she
straightened out the stockings and fastened them on the garters.

"Now, put these in the cups of your corset," she said, handing me a pair of
rubber tits.  I had seen these things in various catalogues before, but I
never even imagined that I would get to use them one day.

So I put them right where they belonged, and Mistress Andrea told me to sit
down at the table.  She got her make-up kit and started doing my face with all
the right colors.  "She really knows how to use that stuff," I thought to
myself.  Then she turned to my hands, putting on long, fake nails and
polishing them in a color that matched the rest of my make-up.

"Now for the best part," she said and got a beautiful long blonde wig which
she then put on my head and fixed it so it wouldn't come off that easy.  Then
she handed me a dress and told me to put it on.

It turned out to be some kind of a maid's uniform, only with a much shorter
skirt.  In fact it was almost too short -- you could see the tops of my
stockings when I moved just right.  Then she told me to sit again and grabbed
a pair of black patent pumps with heels as high as hers and put them on my
feet.

"Now walk, maid!  Look at yourself in the mirror, you stupid bitch, and tell
me that you like what you see!"

I got up, a little wobbly at first, since I had never before in my life worn 6
inch stilettoes, but I got the hang of it rather fast.  So I went up to the
mirror, looked -- and was stunned.  The girl in the mirror couldn't possibly
be me.  The long golden hair, the rosy cheeks, the glossy red lips combined
with that slim waist, topped off with the high heels and the short dress with
the apron made me look like a beautiful young girl which probably most men
would have wanted to marry on the spot.  No one would have suspected that
underneath the short skirt there was a now rock-hard, throbbing cock, waiting
for relief.

"Well, whaddaya say, maid?" Mistress Andrea asked.

"I can't believe it.  Is this really me?  How on earth did you do it?  And the
best part is that it doesn't feel strange or uncomfortable at all.  I even
FEEL like a woman!"

"As far as I'm concerned, you ARE one as long as I want you to.  But don't
think I'll treat you any better now!  Get back over here, bitch, I have
something you will enjoy even more.  Trust me, Mistress Andrea knows whats
best for you."

I went over to her, where she put hand- and legcuffs on me, along with a
collar on which she attached a leash.

"Now, that's much better, isn't it?" she asked.  "But something is missing.  I
just can't put my finger on it.  Oh well, maybe I will remember later on."

"Thank you, Mistress Andrea!" I said.  I couldn't help it, I liked the feeling
of being used, of being a woman and, at the same time, being controlled
completely by a woman.

"It's a little too early to thank me yet." she replied.  "Hmmm, now lemme see,
what are we gonna do now?  I think we could go next door to visit a ladyfriend
of  mine.  I guess she would be quite interested in getting to know you, my
little slut."

"Please," I begged her, "please, Andrea, you can't really mean that!  I
thought this was just between the two of us!"

"So I changed my mind!  Besides, whore, didn't I tell you to address me as
`Mistress Andrea'?  Such disobedience cannot go unpunished -- and I know just
the right punishment for you, too!  Alright now, get moving, you stupid clumsy
bitch!"

With these words she led me off to the apartment door and outside the
apartment.  I prayed that no one would see us like that -- not that anyone
would have recognized me or, as I mentioned earlier, even guessed that I was a
man, but with the hand- and legcuffs, the collar and leash and of course
Mistress Andrea's clothes we probably would have caused an uproar anyway. She
didn't seem to mind -- on the contrary, she seemed to get an extra kick out of
it, and I could even understand her, since I, too, felt wild excitement beyond
my fear of being seen.  I kept on wondering what would happen next, and was
pretty sure I would like it no matter what ...
  
