The Sleeping Maja.
By Anonys

Father's untimely demise was the beginning of our end.

Our moneys dwindled swiftly and we had no alternative but to the
vacate present house and sleep in a public park.

My father's brother who was a devil in a rogue's disguise offered 
his paltry house for a temporary residence.
The house was very modest with only one bedroom and a small kitchen. 
The furniture was non existent.

His benevolence did not lack consideration. He demanded a sizeable 
rent and in other case mom would had to repay him with her soul 
and body.We paid him by selling mom's last piece of jewellery and 
drove him out.

Mom was extremely depressed. Tranquility was an impossible 
proposition and only medicines could give her some respite.

In this deplorable situation the sleep was a stranger and to give 
ourselves a reprieve we conversed late till midnight when her eyes 
became heavy with sleep. She said, 'dear now we must retire, dear 
I would implore you to be near me as I am terribly afraid of your 
uncle. It would be improper to accommodate you on the floor but 
please excuse my inability to provide you any hospitality as 
there is no bed in the house.'

I, too eager to gain her nearness replied earnestly, 'dear mom, 
please do not despair yourself, I can easily manage without a bed.' 
She put on a completely transparent sleeping apparel and went to
bed immediately, and did not even care to cuddle or kiss me goodnight.

She was sedated and lay completely oblivious to her surrounding.

I could not do much but look at her graceful figure twisting and 
curling in the bed which overflowed with her radiating beauty.
For me the sleep was out of reach. I had never been so close to her 
and in fact, I had never noticed her beauty.

Mom was the prime star. She was a mixture of all kinds of roses.
Nature's exclusive handicraft. A delight of all delights. She was the 
light of the day and brightness of the night. Fresh as snow,  hot as 
cinder and enchanting as a myth. Any other beauty at its highest 
perfection was only a coarse imitation of her figure, and a 
disgruntled dark image of her shadows. 

Her arms were bare, the rise of her breasts open to invitation, a 
lock of brown hair sported on her burning cheeks and half opened 
quivering lips showed a row of sparkling white teeth. Her legs up 
to the thighs were bare. The soles of her feet, the best moulded 
I had ever seen, were so delicate, so soft and so shiny as if she had 
never treaded on anything else but fresh flowers of the season. 
She was sojourning the realm of dreams; a gaily smiled 
embroidered her lips.

The night had begun its long journey towards the dawn but I was wide 
awake and propounding some strategy to gain the closeness of this 
libidinous woman. I crept very near and placed my hand on her shoulder. 
She moved nor objected to my audacity. I ventured forth, cupped her
breasts, plucked her nipples in my fingers and, out of my rising 
passion, treated them rather unfairly.

She opened her sleepy eyes and welcomed me with a soft greeting on 
her exotic lips. Her smiles were the smiles of the flowers.
She hugged me closer. I said, 'dear, you are very sweet, I like you.' 
She whispered sharply, 'silence, ears are here; they hear everywhere.' 

I quickly removed my clothes, pulled up her nightie, wrapped my body 
around her and locked her lips with mine in a perpetual hold. Were 
they flowers or buds? I was strangely suffocated by the touch of that
completely naked Amazon Queen. The animal heat and the piquant aroma 
rising from her womanhood totally disabled my senses.

She pretended undisturbed but was earnestly perturbed. Even the 
hair on her arms and hand stood erect with excitement. Her very 
soul implored for satisfaction, her eyes intoxicated, her lips 
quivering, her limps trembling and her body on a virtual fire which, 
to me experienced eyes, denoted extreme sexual frenzy.

She strongly took me in her arms and pasted her hot lips on mine in a 
deep kiss, but rather in a conservative manner without actually going
French. The touch of her wet and hot naked body caused a commotion of 
such magnitude that my penis attracted an extra ordinary erection and 
rose in an ominous fashion. 

The wooden staff struck her cunt squarely and the head of my prick
partially entrenched in her hot vagina and only a piece of clothing 
barred my way to the happiness of paradise. This emanated a shrill 
'Sees' from us, her face assumed a vivid red incarnation and her eyes 
shone brightly. She quickly embraced and kissed me deeply but this 
time it was French kiss which explored the deepest crevices of my 
mouth and tongue. 

My prick still buried in her vintage arcade was reinitiated, and she
feeling the swelling, compressed her thighs and tortured the puny 
prisoner. I pushed it further, and she grasped my buttocks and rapped 
it lightly to guide the rhythm of the thrusts.

I felt a strong sensation on the sensitive head of my penis and felt 
like losing my ground and discharge prematurely. I had to summon all 
my valour to beat the nature. Noticing my predicament, she 
alternatively relaxed and strengthened the pressure of her thighs. 
I shivered in my every hair and my breath coming like an inferno 
pierced through my capillaries. 

I had almost lost my reasons and in utter madness passed my hands and 
very powerfully squeezed her breasts. She recoiled, uttered a shrill
cry of pain and said, 'darling you are a ruthless rogue, it was painful
pressing them so wildly, you should follow the ethics of love and not 
lose the sight of wisdom. Patience my darling is a virtue, there would
be occasions and occasions. Any unwarranted exhibition of wild lechery
would certainly lend your beloved an immense suffering.

I turned pale with shame and said, 'To annoy you is past my  will.
My heart's ill, and my breath still. I am not guilty, my passion is. It 
made me such bold, but a sincere apology deserves forgiveness.' Noticing 
my embarrassment, she said, 'oh! Darling forgive me, What a fool I am, 
this is the time to speak from the heart and not from mind. At any time, 
I am yours.'
 
She repeatedly kissed my lips and this time they were purer and truer. 
She wiped my lips with her tongue and groped every nook and corner of 
my mouth. I sucked her breath, I was inhaling the fragrance of fresh 
roses red, pink, yellow and black.

Our organs were straining against each and this mutual admiration of
our passions sent a cold chill through our spines. She,  however, took 
no practical steps to fulfil her desire. The victory was close in sight 
but there are many slips between the cup and the lips. Knowing her 
nature, I did not want to sacrifice the already won game by being
indiscreet or trying some act newer. Therefore, I restrained myself 
from being louder in my efforts and kept my hands asunder of her cunt 
in order not to expose any previous experiences of a sexual
extravaganza.  I thought that she was a bit of an introvert. 
Those who take a long time in speaking their hearts but when they 
open at the their time, prove to be the hottest women in a man's life.

She was heaving very heavily and stings of her fiery breath were 
burning patterns on my neck and cheeks. She pressed my head so 
strongly on her breasts that her erect nipples almost touched my 
throat. I, having an uncanny desire to bite the hard apples, sharply 
closed my teeth on one of them. She groaned with pain and replied the
assault by deeply digging her sharp teeth on my shoulders. 
I retorted with an equal callous and the game of attack and retreat
continued. Now I became intrepid and travelled my hands to 
her back, buttock and finally her cunt. The spot was soft, wet and hot 
as the fireplace itself. She held my hands, pressed it to her clitoris 
and motioned me to jerked it up and down quickly.
I continued my cherished game as efficietnly as possiblble.

Not able to hold any longer, she with a jerk enclosed her lips on mine 
and planted several ardent kisses with her soft and fresh lips. I sucked
her breath that gave forth a aroma of fresh flowers. More kisses were
exchanged repeatedly and my hands found the rise of her bosom. I opened 
the blouse, pulled up her bra and her heavy breasts bulged in my view. 
Large shinning globes, symmetrically moulded from some rare decorative
glass. 

They were pink like roses. The thick auras were of a darker shade and 
the nipples jutted out in pure ecstasy.  I saw a big mole on her breast, 
which not visible  from the blouse, aroused my penis to an  iron 
stiffness, awarding her an enormous pleasure. I kissed the mole, applied
my lips to the erect nipples and sucked it softly.  I figured that slow 
and steady tactics would be the best the instrument to arouse her
libidinous temperament. My hand went down further towards her quim, to 
my surprise she did not hinder me, but instead she guided my hand to 
her erect clitoris and tempted me to titillate it with the quick 
movements of my fingers. I was not very astonished as I had 
understood her ardour. 

I was happy and smiled a covert smile, I even forgot the motherly 
love I shared with her. Mom's personality and my inhibitions were so
over-powering that I, without, considering the murky consequences of
this forbidden feast, leaped in her arms and smothered her face, 
lips and breasts with biting kisses.

She sat by me and embraced lightly and said, 'dear love, I have 
fulfilled what you desired.  Now match mine with your own.' I replied,
'yes, I shall equate them by my actions.'

I grasped her torso all my strength, kissed her passionately, played 
with her impatient nipples. She too was not too low. She bent her 
mouth my hairy mound, reached for my penis and held it her wet lips. 
She gasped, 'my dear, I shall value your love more than my life. 
You have brought springs to my murky winters. Now please reply me 
the same pleasure that I affording to you, bent down on my cunt and
suck my clit in a similar fashion. I looked at her lustrous charms.  

Oh! What a wealth of hair was there on her Mound, the lips of her 
cunt were very thick and long, surmounted by a fleshy clitoris with
its point blunt as a small pea. It had a deep red angry look enough to
frighten away any weakling from the game of sex. 
I sucked her clit with my tongue and drilled her vagina with my fingers. 
We were both playing roughly at the same frequency and were at the
height of arousal. 'Mom, please do something, I have a strange sensation
in my prick, the erection is too painful.' 

I cried in lust. She arose, and fixing my penis on the hole of her 
cunt simply sat down on it. My whole prick, up to its root, was engulfed
and  imprisoned in the tight vice of her cunt. It was very hot, very
wet, very slippery and very soft, but not lax. 

She moved her torso back and forth to make the penis go in and out, 
and revolved her pelvis in a circular motion to perpetrate a two fold
attack. Her buttocks pressed against my balls which she crushed and 
pounded with successive blows. I was in seventh heaven of delight and
shrieked in pleasure. We were a match for a match, an eye for an eye, 
and reciprocated each other's tortures and pleasures. I caught both her
breasts and pressed her nipple between my index and thumb in such a way
as if strangling the throat of a disloyal beloved.

She could not bear these attacks  much longer and uttered low whines. 
She whispered, 'oh! Darling, this is the best fuck I have ever had in 
my life. Oh! My goodness, what a cock! So powerful, so full of life, 
so full of passion. Dear where were you till now. I never knew the bliss 
of youth. Oh! If had only known you! if I had only known! All my 
yesterdays without you; what a waste of existence. My dear boy, I think
I am truly in love with you.' 

She was now nearly boiling with the heat of passion, waved her frame 
to and fro and cried, 'oh! Darling suck by breasts and bite on my 
nipples.' I sucked them with all my zest and drank the Ambrosia of 
the her sweet perspiration mixed with her tantalising perfume. I kept
pushing my cock without a refresh and moved quickly. She was not in the
frame of mind to expel her juice and lose the pleasure of the great
rendezvous. She continued to twist and turn for countless minutes then
said, 'my darling your prick seems to have an infinite erection. I 
marvel at your sexual prowess but I don't give in so quickly like other
incompetent women; I shall suck you all your vigour.'

We locked ourselves in a mortal combat where rules were non-existence. 
We were at war and no clemency understood. In this arena of love, there
could be only one survivor. I could not afford to lose but had to win at
all cost even if it meant selling out my soul to Hecate, the Queen
witch, otherwise face the loss of integrity. I had to summon all the
Lucifer's powers of lechery to guide my sails.

My preservation won the battle. She did not hold fast to her words 
and whispered, 'darling you win, I am to come soon, please increase the 
efforts of your performance.' I squeezed her breasts with all my might 
and taking one of nipples in my teeth bit it so hard that droplets of 
blood smeared my lips. She screamed loudly and said, 'darling you are 
hurting me too much, the pain is excruciating but pleasing, do not stop 
and treat the other nipple in the same bloody fashion.'

Lust was largely writ on her face and she could endured no more and 
cried, 'darling you are a sadist but I love you, oh! Dear don't stop, 
do not slow down; I am coming.' She heaved forward, fell on me and bit 
my throat leaving a deep red mark. Her cunt contracted powerfully 
followed by more strong contractions. My penis was drenched in a hot 
flow of sperms as she had spent in a copious quantity. 

I, unable to hold myself any longer, vandalised her womb with a 
titanic discharge. She squeezed her cunt and sucked off the last drop 
of my semen, and nipped the sensitive head of my prick. She did not 
loosen her hold on my penis as wanting to keep it imprisoned forever, 
but all good things must end. My vanquished prick, all wet with her
salacious juice, slipped out sluggishly and we were glued to each 
other for a timeless eternity.


We  were deeply pressed for money and both of us had to hunt for a
preoccupation to supplement our meagre resources.
One night I returned late at night and entered the bedroom.
I observed that she was lying in the bed with a thin silk sheet 
stretched over herself. She smiled at me and said, 'Oh! Dear, I am 
so tired and exhausted by this endeavour , please come and sit by my 
side, your proximity soothes my soul.' She threw the  sheet and 
underneath she was entirely naked. Against the white bed sheet her 
body shone like a statute chiselled out of the rarest marble. 

Her tall exciting figure, milk white skin, black wavy hair spread on 
the pillow, her glowing face, her drowsy pink eyes, and her moist 
quivering lips overwhelmed me. The symmetrical breasts, swollen pink 
aura and the stiff nipples petrified me. The thin navel, heavy buttocks,
wide spread long legs and the rich Mound of Venus clouded me. 
The erect clitoris shining like the mother of pearl and her honey 
dripping pulsating gash tantalised me. All alive to my eyes, was a 
treat for the gods. Am a mortal, they  pulverised me.
 
This was the ultimate woman, this was life, this was my optimism. 
Her youth was like a full bloomed summer flower ready to be plucked, 
else it would die. 

She stretched her hands and pulled me to herself and I dropped in her 
arms like an autumn leaf. She was at the highest of her sexual frenzy 
and waited just for me. She needed a special treatment as the occasion
warranted. I was 'rich in knavery and lacked Chivalry'. This alluring
proposal retarded my natural piety, and not able to restrain any 
further, plunged in her embrace. It seemed as if this was our first
rendezvous and our lips met in kisses, kisses and kisses.

She nearly tore off my pants and seized the stiff prick in her hands.  
I, divorced from all principalities, in one action, inserted the hot 
rod in her aching cunt. 
As I entered her, she heaved a long, long 'aahhh' and closed her eyes 
with a pleasant smile of the purest delight. She was too hot and wet
inside, never had I witnessed her in such a frenzy of passion or so
lovesick. She shouted, 'darling, darling fuck me with all your power. 
Be at your best today, I need you as never had I needed you before. 
Conquer me, vanquish me or obliterate me. Teach my apathetic soul to
live again.'

She entwined her long legs on my buttocks and guided the rhythms of 
the strokes with light prods of her feet. I improved my offerings and 
with every backwards action she shouted, 'Oh! No,  No,' as 
if fearing the loss of penis. 
With ever inward push she uttered an 'Aha yes,' in satisfaction 
that she had retained the prized object and I continued my pushes 
with all my zest. 

Our relationship was completely beyond recollection. [Not worth the
trouble of a thought.]  I was at the edge of my emotion and announced,
'Dear your fondness overwhelms me. I shall never let you of my sight.' 
She shouted in reply, 'yes, let's make it permanent, you may rule me 
as you like, beat me, cajole me, destroy me, render me useless. 

Be a son or a lover, but nothing for any-other. 

She was so wet and slippery inside that in the heat of action many 
times my penis slipped out of her gash. She hurriedly caught it in 
her trembling hand and inserted it back. We were both drenched in 
her perfumed sweat. 
She was slippery as an eel, and I had to encircle my arms around 
her neck to prevent ourselves completely slipping out of the hold.

She started trembling from head to foot and shrieked at the top 
of her voice, 'dear you have battered me, Ooff. I am coming, 
here I come.'
Her breath quickened, she gritted her teeth and white foam burst 
from her lips. Her cunt throbbed violently and she squeezing her 
legs wrenched at the root of my prick as to extract all its stiffness.
With some such powerful jerks, she discharged forcefully, almost 
sucking my penis in her womb.

She writhed, twisted and her vagina played havoc with my prick. She 
bit me at several places, tore the skin of my chest and dug her long 
sharp nails in my back. It was like the first woman mating with the 
first man. The pain was excruciating but celestial.

She almost swooned from excess of passion and remained motionless 
for several minutes then opened her eyes and said, 'I love you, 
today you have enslaved me forever. You may do with me as you please. 
Now you may have your pleasure and end up in my cunt at your will.'
I was not in a hurry as I wanted to avail this woman to my best and 
would not discharge so quickly and end her proximity so soon. 
I withdrew my penis from her cunt. She looked surprised, 'dear love 
are you even with me.' 'No my dear, to the contrary, I want to 
extract the same magnitude of pleasure as I had offered you. 
Now I shall take my time.'

I kept up pushing and whenever I felt like quitting, I slowly 
withdrew from her cunt and rested for a while then engulfed inside 
her again. 
I continued this for a long time, and she marvelled at my sexual 
prowess and enjoyed the amazing process. Between the rest and work, 
she discharged twice and said, 'I am all undone, please do not 
punish me any longer, I know my master. 
Please forgive my impunity and release me from your bondage.'

I increased the pace of pushes and was soon out of wind. At the 
precise moment of discharging, I shouted in her ears. 'My dear Mom.' 
My voice rose in a crescendo only to eclipse with, 'I love you.' 
I twisted and rotated my prick inside her cunt up to the extent that 
she nearly swooned with excess of pleasure. 
I paused and discharged very heavily thus emptying my pouch of 
semen and filled her cunt with my Eau de Love. 

We were drenched in our sperms and perspired wildly. I kept lying 
over her and did not attempt to withdraw my penis to take the 
pleasure to the end. 
However, she throbbed her cunt several times and my triumphant 
penis softly slipped out of her vagina after its longest journey.

Our combined sperms dripped from her cunt that I soaked it  with a 
towel which she had placed at her bedside for this specific purpose, 
as though, already had planned a grand combat. She lay unconscious 
like a razed marble statute of a she-god. 
Her hands and legs stretched apart, displayed her smashed breasts, 
severely tortured cunt, inflamed clitoris and broken pubic hair.  

A thick trail of the silvery fluid oozed out from her enlarged gash. 
It travelled down the ravines of her buttocks, dripped slowly on the 
bed and was absorbed in the linen to make a wide yellow circle. 
Overcome by this scenario, I put my face on her thigh and smeared
my fingers with the oozing ambrosia and tenderly rubbed her clitoris 
which had still retained much of its prior hardness.  

She opened her eyes and looking affectionately at me said, 'you 
are gift from heaven, you have has brought back some of the smiles
in my deserted life.' Catching me bodily she pulled me to herself 
and kissed my lips profoundly. Totally exhausted after our fierce 
battle of sex, the nature would not approve of her blessing for 
another sensuous game. 
We kissed, revealed our love and coaxed each other's organ.

**
We embraced passionately, tears of joy dripped through our eyes. 
We promised an eternal devotion. Our friendship had turned into love.
My first and last and the most passionate. 

A never ceasing, a never dying end.
Friendship is full of joy. Love is filled with some pain. 

We had transacted --- A losing bargain. --- Yet, so profitable. 

We were dripping with perspiration though it was icy cold outside. 
The flickering fire playing on our bodies lulled us into a deep 
slumber and eternal bond of love.

We consumed by our excitement slept comfortably in each other's 
arm for a long while. I regained my reason first, kissed her 
sleeping lips and she awoke with the smile of a morning  flower. 
Our love rekindled and soon our organs were competing with each 
other in the race of love. 
We repeated this entertainment again and again and in one night 
I ravaged her four or five times until our genitals lay totally
exhausted.

We conversed of our love and I told her, 'darling you are the 
brightest star in the Galaxy. I am in the perpetual debt of your love.'
A ray of jubilance radiated from her face. I kissed her eyes and said,
'darling would you give something I ask.' Tears drowned her eyes and 
she spoke in a disheartened voice, 'dear my heart and soul are yours, 
you may draw them whenever  you wish.' 
I said, 'darling I want propose to you.' 

She appeared surprised, 'Propose to me, have you drunk from the river 
of forgetfulness!' 

I began solemnly, 'darling, I love you beyond sensibility, please 
marry me as life has no destination without you.' She was drawn in
some morbid thoughts and said, 

'The catalogue of Life is not so simple;
It is a supreme disorder. 
It weaves a web of confusion around its prey. 
A mistress cannot wear the crown of a bride.'  

She added, 'dear I am your mom.' I replied, 'does relationship, 
age, wealth or beauty count, love is a marriage of hearts.' 
She shouted cheerfully, 'my love, you are in the right, I am a 
lost meteor burning in my fire, please save me from annihilation. 
All the suns of the universe cannot brighten my murky world. 
Without you now, life is a deceitful mirage  I cannot exist outside 
your arms and shall be forever your faithful wife,a beloved mistress 
and your best friend.'

With a passion she wept and embraced me, 'O sweetheart, my sweet
boy, I love you very much. I found you, and you are most fruitful.
Yes, I shall marry you because I want to be a part of your life. 

Even now, I am here and you will not require another woman.'

Finding ourselves unable relinquish each other we decided to change 
our identities and shift to some remote part of the country. We
clandestinely married and lived a solitary life. 

We were very happy to find each other and consider this union as 
a Heaven's reward to us for some of our good deed which we might 
have performed unknowingly.

We never had children as we did not want to cast the shadows of
our unorthodox relation to our successors but would carry that 
emotion to our graves.


                         ....The End....**

Email:anonys@mailcity.com



