                           THE MAKING OF A SLAVE

      I stood in front of the Greyhound bus station and watched her
walk away.  In the three years since I turned 18 I have tried four
times to get sexually involved with a woman I was dating.  Sylvia was
the fourth to spend a week with me making love.  She was also the
fourth one to tell me I was a lousy fuck. 
      I tried to accommodate them and do what they wanted, but
whenever I tried to 'eat pussy', I just gagged and choked on the
smell.  As far as fucking was concerned, well just the idea of
sticking my nice clean dick into a sloppy loose slimy cunt generally
turned me off completely. 
      The only thing a girl could do that would really turn me on was
to suck my cock.  That really got me hot to feel a pair of soft hot
lips encase my cock and give it an active tongue whipping brought me
to full erection. 
      I tried, with all four, to be straight.  Everything always went
smooth, right up to a planned sex orgy in the Bahamas.  We'd build a
great relationship, but then a week of sex in the Bahamas's turned it
all to shit.  I just couldn't do the things they wanted done. 
      So I stood there watching her walk away as my ego was still
smarting from her last words. "Doug, you act like a man, you talk like
a man, you look like a man, but damn it the only time you get hard is
when I'm sucking your cock -- and the only time you'll suck my tits is
when they're covered with your sperm.  I don't think you'd get within
a foot of my cunt if it wasn't full of male sperm." 
      I really did dig sucking my cum from her mouth and licking it
off her stomach and tits after a blowjob.  On the two occasions I had
an orgasm, while gritting my teeth and fucking her, I licked out her
cunt afterward with the taste of bitter/sweet cum over coming my gag
reflex. 
      "I think you're a fucking faggot, go find a boyfriend and stop
making women miserable."     
      "Go find a boyfriend and stop making women miserable."  All my
life I had fought against an attraction to men.  Now for the fourth
time I'm being told by a girl that what I needed was a 'boyfriend'. 
      I stood there on the corner with Sylvia's words bringing back
bitter memories of three other similar brushoffs. 
      We were on the nude beach at Malibu when Wilma dumped me.  As
she gathered up her things she said, "Doug, I am tired of watching you
ogle every hot male body that comes by.  I try to get you hot and you
respond with a limp prick.  Some guy comes by with a good-looking
prick or ass and you start salivating.  Next time you call my house
for a date, ask for my brother." 
      Then there was Patsy.  She wasn't trying to be kind, "Doug, you
are the kindest, most generous and gentle man I have ever met, but
that cock between your legs is a fucking waste of material.  Cut it
off and let them build you a cunt,  what you need is a boy friend." 
      Sandy was the third one.  She didn't leave angry, actually she
was crying when she said, "Doug, I think it is time for us to part
company.  I like you a lot, in fact I think I love you, but sex with
you never get hot.  You cum once and the rest of the day it is
impossible to get you hard.  You go through the motions, but your
heart isn't in it.  You surround yourself with girls, and can't keep
you eyes of their boyfriends.  Did you ever think you might be
homosexual?" 
      I watched Sylvia walk away and tried to get some pleasure out of
her bouncing undulating butt in those tight shorts.  Sure the female
body was pretty and fun to watch, but it was the pink cock with a
mushroom head I had just watched pee a steaming jet of piss into the
airport station urinal that was first in my thoughts and had my cock
straining against my jeans. 
      As I stood there trying not to wonder what it would be like to
slip my lips down a hot dick, a van with three men in it pulled up to
the curb and one of them shouted at me.  "Hey, guy you want to party?" 
      It was my piss partner from the bus station.  At first I just
looked at the guy with a blank stare on my face.  He was in his late
twenties, had a nice thatch of blonde hair.  His face was smooth
shaven.  His lips were soft and pink and thick and begging to be
kissed.  His eyes were brown and so deep that I felt like I could go
swimming in them. 
      After a few seconds he said, "We need a fourth, there's only
three of us and we need a fourth for some serious fun.  We'll give you
20 bucks." 
      I didn't really hear what he said, I just looked into those eyes
and said, "Sure, why not?" 
      They opened up the side door on the van and told me to climb in. 
The back of the van was covered with a mattress and the third guy was
lying on his side looking at me. 
      When I slide into the back and half sat and half laid on the
mattress brown eyes got out of the front seat and laid down on the
other side of me.  I was sandwiched between the two of them.   
      They both laid back on their sides looking at me and so I laid
back looking at the ceiling.  The one on my right pulled out a twenty
dollar bill and slide it into  the back pocket of my tight jeans as
the other one began to unbuckle my belt. 
      I started to protest.  I thought I should tell him to stop, to
keep their twenty bucks and let me out at the next corner.  But
Sylvia's words cut into my thoughts "find a boyfriend and stop making
women miserable".  My family was 2000 miles away in Wisconsin.  I was
in ajob I hated.  I decided it was time to make some serious changes. 
So, with full knowledge that I was about to be fucked by at least two
men, instead of protesting I helped them open my jeans and slide them
down to my knees. 
     Suddenly each of the guys in the back with me grabbed a wrist and
before I knew what was happening I was handcuffed to rings welded onto
the van's back door.  Brown eyes said, "Just relax and enjoy it.  We
won't hurt you.  We just want to warm you up for Jimbo." 
      I knew what was going to happen and the thoughts were enough to
get my cock reacting. 
      I laid there quiet while Brown eyes removed my boots and socks
as the other guy used a sharp knife to cut off my t-shirt. When they
started to pull my underpants off I thought I ought to give some token
resistance.  So with my feet free I did a lot of bouncing to make it
difficult for them, but not enough to seriously hinder them.  The
driver cussed, "Don't bounce around back there, damnit, we're not
going to hurt you, just a little innocent fun." 
      With my hands cuffed to the van walls, there was no way I could
avoid what was going to happen, and to be totally honest, I didn't
want to avoid it.  In fact just thinking about the possibility of a
hot cock up my ass (it would be a first) was making my cock and balls
twitch.  And what if one of them came in my mouth, just the thought
had me salivating. 
      No one was saying anything as they stripped me.  They had been
very careful to not touch me in any erotic way or place, but as they
stripped off my shorts I laid on my back between them with my cock
sticking up as hard and full as I have ever seen it as it arched up
from my groin the head pushing on my stomach. 
      The driver said, "Well what did we buy?  Describe it to me." 
      The one on my left (the one with the steel blue eyes and soft
fat lips) said, "Well he's hot to go, his cut cock is so hard the skin
is pulled to tight to move."  Then he leaned over and with his lips
less than an inch from my mouth he licked them and asked, "Is that
hardon for me, or do you like Jerry better?" 
      I just looked at him and raised my head barely touching his lips
with mine, I said, "I've never done it with a guy.  But, you don't
have to keep me tied.  I'll not fight you." 
      He smiled and said, "Tied you is and tied you stay.  But we'll
try to make it fun for you.  But first some questions to make sure we
don't cause you problems at home or with your job.  Being how it is
Sunday night we want to make sure to get you home on time." 
      I didn't care when I got home.  All I could think about was that
I was naked in a Van with three men who were going to, at a bare
minimum, fuck me.  I answered every question with complete truth. 
      "I live alone.  My parents are in Wisconsin.  I write or call
them usually about once a month.  I called them last Thursday.  I hate
my job.  If I'm late Monday it won't matter.  After three days they
would terminate me.  My rent is paid to the end of the month.  I am on
a month to month lease.  No girl friend.  I wish I did have a regular
boy friend.  Probably two months before anyone would care to try to
find me." 
      The one I had watched piss leaned close to me.  His tongue
slipped out of his mouth and he licked my lips with the tip of it.  I
didn't pull away, in fact I liked it so much I tried to kiss him.  He
avoided my kiss, but kept licking my lips with the tip of his tongue.  

      As he let his tongue drip saliva on my lips a fever started
building in my groin and my cock seemed to get even harder.  He slide
his tongue back and forth over my lips and licked my cheeks and eyes.
I felt his hand under my ass and his index finger put a small pressure
on the pucker of my anus. 
      While brown eyes was licking my face and playing with my
asshole, steel blue eyes was running his fingers up and down my
stomach.  He would tickle my tits, and gently pinch each nipple then
run down my side and stomach until his finger tips reached the base of
my cock.  Then he would slowly run them up the shaft, pause and rub
the swollen glans getting them moist on the precum dripping from my
cock and then back up to my tits to rub my own juice into the nipples. 
      While he was doing this steel blue opened his mouth and engulfed
mine in a kiss.  I responded by opening my mouth and his hot tongue
probed into my mouth and he began circling my tongue with his as his
finger quit teasing my pucker and slide into my ass. 
      I was used to finger fucking myself as I jacked off and the feel
of a finger in my ass soon had some natural juices flowing so that he
soon had three probing and wiggling in my asshole and massaging my
prostrate. 
      I had never felt anything so fantastically good as those moving
fingers in my ass, and I tried again to get them to undo my hands. So
I could help them.  But with my mouth full of brown eye's tongue and
those fingers running up and down my chest and stomach the best I
could get out was a soft moan as I twisted my hips to the enhance the
thrilling movement of fingers in my ass.   
      The driver asked,  "Well what's happening?"

      Brown eyes said, "Like I thought when I saw him drooling over my
cock in the men's room, we caught us a real ripe one.  All I'm doing
is tickling his chest and stomach, with an occasional pinch of his
nipples and his cock is dripping juice like a fountain.  His belly
button is full of precum." 
      I felt his tongue enter my navel as he sucked and licked it,
then he said, "Hey tastes real sweet!" 
      The driver said, "More, more, tell me more."

      "Well Jerry is kissing him and sucking spit and has three
fingers up the kid's asshole.  The moaning and groaning you hear are
sounds of sexual ecstasy." 
      The driver asked, "Well what do we do, fuck him in the van and
turn him loose at the observatory or will he make a good date for the
party?" 
      I pulled my mouth away from Jerry and said,  "Party...." that is
as far as I got before Jerry shoved a soft ball into my mouth and tied
it there with a leather strap. 
      The driver said, "I think he wants us to take him home with us. 
Why don't you fuck him now Larry but first tell me what he looks
like." 
      Larry said, "Well Jimbo, he's got a hot body.  I don't think we
could have gotten him handcuffed if he really wanted to fight us, the
kid's got some nice arm muscles, they are strong but smooth, so they
could belong to a girl. 
      We'll have to shave under his arms, a little bit on his chest
and stomach, his legs for sure, his forearms and around his cock if
you want him to pass as a girl.  His beard is just fuzz, but with the
hood on that won't matter one way or the other.  Later if you like he
can be cleaned up to make a nice looking girl.  He has a baby face and
with a long haired wig, well he'd be a cute little whore. 
      He has some nice pec's, put him in an uplift bra and he'd have
some real cleavage.  His fat nipples are tight as knots and would look
real nice pushing out of a peek-a-boo bra." 
      "So you think we could dress him up and take him out?"   
      "No trouble, he has tight stomach muscles and his hips flare
just enough to hold up a dress.  His ass is nice and round with a real
bubble butt.  Every man in the room will want to stick a dick in it."  

      The more they talked the hotter I got.  I had never thought of
dressing up as a girl, but as they talked about it the better it
sounded.  
      Jerry was licking my face and ears and dipping occasionally to
suck on my nipples.  He was also keeping my ass wanting more with his
expert fingers and my cock just seemed to keep getting tighter. 
      Jimbo asked, "What about his cock and balls, are they going to
shame me by showing under his skirt?" 
      Larry let his fingers tickle my shaft and said, "That may be a
problem, its a nice fat seven inches, just the size you like, but, its
been a totem pole of steel ever since I pulled off his shorts.  We'll
have to milk it real good to make sure he can't get a hardon when
dressed.  We may have to strap it down or put a cock restraint on it
for the party. 
      Jimbo said, "Well we got about 40 minutes before we get to my
house, so you fuck him real good in the van.  Then when we get to the
house I'll milk his cock.  We have two hours in the room to fuck and
suck on him until he couldn't get a hardon to save his life.  If that
doesn't work we'll strap him up real good." 
      As they were talking my mind was trying to envision what was
happening, and the more I understood about what they had in store the
hotter I got and the more my cock bounced. 
      When I tried to move, I discovered that somewhere in the
stroking and kissing they had also tied my ankles.  I was spread eagle
on the mattress, shackled to the side of the van, naked and my mouth
stuffed with a ball gag, there wasn't much I could do, so I stopped
struggling and wiggled my ass against the fingers embedded in it
determined to get as much personal enjoyment out of this as possible. 
      I was a little scared, but at the same time I was excited.  So
far everything they had done was pleasurable and everything they
talked about was right out of my personal fantasies. 
      "What's his cock like?  How about his balls?"

      Jerry took up the narrative as Larry swung over so he was
between my legs.  He slide to the floor then started pulling an some
ropes.  The ropes went through rings in the ceiling and as he pulled
they lifted and spread my feet.  He kept pulling until he lifted my
ass about six inches off the mattress, my balls at mouth level.  I
almost went into spasms when Jerry pulled his fingers out of my ass
and Larry sucked one of my nuts into his mouth. 
      Jerry said, "His cock is nicely veined.  He's cut pretty tight
so you'll have to keep him well lubed when he fucks you, otherwise it
might split his skin, but then you like them that way.  His dick head
is swollen and purple right now and I don't think it would take much
to get it to spit cream." 
      That was when Larry sucked a nut into his mouth and I jerked
like I was electrocuted as a gusher of cum left my cock to splatter on
the door behind my head.  I wanted to scream as Jerry swooped down and
covered my dick head with the hottest pair of lips I had ever felt. 
With him sucking on my dick head and Larry sucking my other nut into
his mouth, my cock and body jerked in muscle wrenching spasms and my
cock spit huge gushing blobs of cum cream. 
      I strained against the shackles and arching my body shot another
load of cum into Jerry's mouth.  Three more times they brought me to a
gut wrenching, cum spitting ecstasy of release. 
      Jerry licked the last drop from my piss hole and said, "Tastes
real good!"        
      "God damnit", Jimbo cussed, "I wanted to suck up that cum, he
better have some more for me or you two guys are in serious shit." 
      I had never experienced anything like it, my head was spinning
and my body was tingling and little jerks of pleasure were rippling
through my muscles as my cock began to droop.  Even though I was
shackled and gagged, I knew that at that moment in time I would do
anything these three men asked of me. 
      I wanted to return the pleasure, I wanted to suck their cocks
and lick their balls, I would eat a shit sandwich if they asked me to
just for the pleasure of kissing their assholes.  I had never thought
anything could be so fantastically pleasurable. 
      Jerry looked at my eyes, tears were cascading down my face. 
Tears of pleasure that burst from my eyes as my cum was bursting from
my cock.  He said, "Are you hurting?"  I shook my head.   
      Jimbo said, "Ask him if he's ever been fucked."  I quickly shook
my head no and before they could ask another question I lifted my hips
in the air and began nodding my head and twisting my hips. 
      Larry said, "I think he wants us to fuck him."  I nodded even
harder. 
      Jerry asked, "Have you ever sucked a cock?"  Again I shook my
head.  Jimbo shouted, "How about you suck mine?"  Again I nodded
vigorously. 
      Jerry removed the gag from my mouth and as soon as I could get
some spit into place so I could talk I said, "Yes, yes, I want you to
fuck me.  I want to taste your cum and suck your cocks.  I will do
anything you want, please undo my ankles and wrists." 
      Jimbo said, "Well what do you know, we got us a real bottom man. 
But the handcuffs stay in place."  
      Jerry said, "Can't risk having you decide to be nasty.  But as
long as you don't fight it and cooperate, nobody is going to hurt
you." 
      Larry had stripped and I watched his naked body move up until I
felt his hard cock probe the puckered mouth of my ass.  I shifted my
hips pushing against the head of his dick, feeling the heat of his
passion.  The natural juices of my lustfilled body had already
lubricated me and Larry's cock slide into me until his hot balls
warmed my spread buttocks. 
      At first it hurt like hell, but I didn't cry out because the
pleasure of being stuffed with his cock far and away overwhelmed the
pain.  I wanted him to fuck me and he did.  With slow long strokes he
moved his cock in and out of my asshole.  Each thrust drove the wind
from my lungs and brought a moan of pleasure bubbling out of my throat
and mouth. 
      As Larry was driving his cock in and out of my twisting, pulsing
ass, Jerry stripped his jeans off and straddled my chest.  I saw Larry
bury his face in the crack of Jerry's ass just as Jerry's cockhead
dripped drops of precum onto my lips. 
      I raised my head as far as I could and was able to lick the piss
hole of Jerry's cock as he pushed it down toward my face.  
      Then Jerry leaned forward over my face and I opened my mouth to
receive his swollen glans.  For the first time in my life I felt the
satin smooth head of a sweet tasting cock slide past my lips to rest
on my tongue and excite my palate with its soft velvet heat. 
      Where he was straddling my chest Jerry couldn't really fuck my
face, so I just sucked and licked the head of his cock, enjoying the
presence of it in my mouth and it slipped in and out of my lips in
syncopation with Larry's hips driving his cock deep into my ass and
filling me with pleasure that burned in my guts. 
      As I was being filled and thrilled at both ends by moving
pulsing cocks, my own prick was once more filling with blood until it
was straining and stretching the skin.  The head of my prick was so
sensitive that with each movement of Larry's or Jerry's hips it
bounced off of their bodies and sent jerky spasms down my legs to grip
and greet the thrust of Larry's cock.   
      When I thought that what was happening to me couldn't get any
better, I felt Jerry stiffen.  His cock head swelled in my mouth, I
felt a pulse of cum ripple up the base of his cock and my mouth was
filled with sweet/bitter greasy cum.   
      As his cum filled my mouth and slide down my tongue into my
throat, I tried to stop it and force it back up to capture the taste
and feel of that sweet slime.  My attempts at closing my throat and
clearing it to bring Jerry's cum back into my mouth, had the secondary
effect of milking another load of cum up from his nuts into my mouth. 
      With my tongue and throat greased with cum Jerry grabbed my
head, leaned forward and pushed with his hips and his cock slide past
the gag reflex and I felt it slide into my throat.  The rapture that
filled me as that hot slimy head slide into my throat is indescribably
delicious. 
      The wonderful sensations and tastes that were thrilling me at my
head had added to them the extreme pleasure at my ass as Larry's body
stiffened and he drove his cock deep into me with a buttocks slamming
thrust that was so hard and deep I could feel the swollen head of his
love stick and the full length of its pulsing shaft as a burst of heat
rose out of it and filled my gut. 
      As Larry's cock pumped several shots of hot cum up my ass,
Jerry's love stick spit bitter/sweet jism into my mouth.  That which
was as much pleasure as one man could ever hope for became an
overwhelming flood of joy and I arched my body to feel my naked shaft
jerk and unload a string of white cream with such total ecstasy that I
was seeing rainbows and sparklers going off in my head. 
      When I came back to reality, Jerry was kneeling over me, his
soft cock tickling my chest as he was gently rubbing my temples. 
Larry was sitting beside us and was uncuffing my wrists.  I tried to
move my legs and found they were already free. 
      With my free hand I reached up and pulled Jerry's face down
toward me.  He started to say, "Damn we thought you were....." but I
silenced him by filling his fat lips with my tongue. 
       After a long tongue battling kiss, I pulled free and looked at
Larry.  He was smiling at me and said, ".... Having a heart attack."  
I grinned and asked, "When do we get to the party?" 
       Jimbo laughed in the front seat and said, "We'll be at the my
house in about five minutes.  We've got some more fucking to do, have
to drain that cock of yours, then I'll dress you up for the party." 
      Larry was on my left lying on his back and Jerry was on my right
lying on his back.  I got on my hands and knees and moved around so
that I was 69 over Larry and started mouthing and sucking on his
flaccid cock.  Larry pulled my hips down and began  to lick my balls. 
Within seconds my cock was steel hard again and the more I sucked on
Larry the harder his got. 
      Jerry said, "Jimbo this guy is hot to go, pull over and I'll
drive the rest of the way, you really will enjoy milking this stud." 
      Jimbo was huge.  I didn't get a chance to really see him, but
both Larry and Jerry had to get into the front seat to make room for
him in the back with me.  He had to weigh close to 300 lbs.  A lot of
it was fat, but most of it wasn't. 
      What really turned me on was that even after he was dressed he
looked like he was wearing a fur coat.  His body from the neck down
was covered with a thick coat of curly black hair.  The only part of
his body that didn't have hair were two circles around his protruding
pink nipples and his mammoth cock.  Even his huge balls were coated
with curly black hair. 
      His cock was a full ten inches long.  The head of his cock was
actually a little smaller than the shaft as it tapered down from about
a one inch diameter to a good three inches at the base of the shaft. 
      I was totally mesmerized by his cock.  I grabbed it with both
hands and began to masturbate it as I slipped my wet lips up and down
on the head coaxing precum into my mouth. 
      As I was working his cock he pushed my hips around until I was
straddle of his head.  I was working his cock for all I was worth,
driving as much as possible down my throat, but I really didn't know
how to open up and let him in.  Then I felt a totally fabulous heat
surround my own cock and Jimbo pulled down on my hips until my cock
was buried to the balls in his throat. 
      He was swallowing my cock and pushing my balls into his hot wet
mouth at the same time and I just couldn't hold back the cum.  My body
went rigid as a rail and I started pumping cum into his throat as I
moaned and sucked on his huge tool. 
      After I emptied my balls into Jimbo's throat, I started to lift
my head and someone (probably Jerry as Larry was driving) grabbed my
head and pushed me down onto Jimbo's shaft.  I started fighting and
gagging, but Jerry wasn't letting go and Jimbo was working my cock and
balls, still fully encased by his hot mouth. 
      As I gagged and gasped for breath Jerry pushed my head down
harder and with him shoving down and Jimbo driving his cock upward
with his hips I felt that cock stretch out my jaw and invade my
throat.   
      Jerry pulled up on my head and I gasped for air and then Jerry
pushed down again, only this time I was pulling on his hands as I
wanted that cock and I wanted all of it.  On the third pull, gasp and
thrust I felt my nose bury itself in fat as the hair of Jimbo's body
tickled my face and ears. 
      Then it became a rhythm.  Thrust, push, pull out, gasp, thrust,
push, pull out gasp......  My head became the bobbing receptacle for
Jimbo's driving cock.  The faster I worked and bobbed and swallowed
Jimbo's cock the louder were the sucking sounds that escaped around my
stretched out lips. 
      At the same time Jimbo was still working on my cock and balls. 
His huge mouth enclosed them and my hardening shaft filled his throat
again.  I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt to have that huge
cock stretching my jaws and invading my throat while at the same time
my own cock and balls were getting sucked and blown driving wonderful
sensations of pleasure up my groin into my gut. 
      Jerry was no longer pushing my head up and down.  He sat on it,
his hot cock pressed against my back and his hot balls against my the
back of my neck.  When I thought there could be no greater pleasure
(my back being warmed and massaged by a hard hot cock, my cock and
balls being sucked and that huge warm wonderful shaft filling and
stretching my throat and mouth) Jerry grabbed my ass and plunged a six
inch dildo up my shit chute. 
      My body bucked and bounced trying to experience everything at
once andI a heat of pleasure grew in my gut and exploded from the end
of my cock into Jimbo's throat.  
      Immediately following that I felt Jimbo's balls roll and I
actually felt his huge cock swell and ripple as the cum climbed out of
his balls, up the shaft and into my throat.  I felt the grease of his
jazz fill my throat and grease it up as his cock drove to the hilt and
sent spasm after spasm of heat into my cut. 
      With each squirt of cum into my throat, I responded with a
squirt of cum into Jimbo's throat.  Reluctantly I released Jimbo's
softening cock, sucking as much of his cum into my mouth and letting
my lips slide and suck on the head of his cock so I didn't miss a drop
of flavor. 
      Jimbo released my cock and balls from his mouth, sucking also
the shaft and head to make sure not to waste a drop of cum.  Jerry was
still sitting on my head and working my ass with the dildo and sliding
his hot rod up and down on my back. 
      Jimbo reached up and took over with the dildo as Jerry slide
down in front of me so that my ass was up in the air on Jimbo's
stomach and I was looking down on two groins.  Jimbo was only half
hard, but Jerry's cock was fully engorged as he introduced it to my
lips. 
      I was to spent to really suck on it, but I opened my mouth and
Jerry began to fuck my face.  He held his cock leaving only about
three inches from the side of his hand to the head of his cock. 
Holding his cock like this with one hand and my head with the other he
fucked my face. 
      While Jerry was busily fucking my face, Jimbo lifted my hips and
slide out from under me.  Putting me on my knees with my face buried
in Jerry's groin, he lifted my hips and pulled out the dildo.  I was
sure I was about to be fucked by the largest cock I had ever seen.  I
didn't know what it was going to be like and I pulled away from Jerry
and rolled over on my back. 
      Then getting to my knees facing Jimbo, I said, "I don't think
so.  So far it has been a lot of fun, but I don't think I can take all
of that cock up my ass." 
      Up to now I had been enjoying the action and going along with
everything, so I didn't really realize the position I had put myself
into.  I learned very quickly that it was not my decision to decide
what did or didn't go up my ass. 
      Jimbo slapped my face.  His hand hitting the side of my head was
so hard I momentarily passed out and was seeing stars.  He waited
until my eyes started to focus before he hit me again.  Three times
the loud crack of his open palm upside my head boomed in the truck. 
      After the third time Jimbo said, "From now until I turn you
loose you will address me and all of my friends as sir.  You will not
tell us what to do or do anything you are not told to do."   I just
looked at him dully, trying to figure out what was happening.  I said,
"I don't underst......" after my head stopped spinning, I said, "I
don't .......".  After my head stopped spinning, I said, "Yes".   
      Jimbo waited a few seconds and spoke the word "Sir" into the
boom made by his hand and my head.  When I could again focus, I said,
"Yes sir." 
      Jimbo reached between my legs and grabbed my cock.  It was once
more fully erect.  Never before had I ever had a hardon right after an
orgasm.  Now I had the fourth in less than an hour.  It was great.  I
hoped the night would go on forever.   
     Jimbo grabbed my balls in his huge hand and pulled on them.  My
cock jumped with joy.  He licked his lips and said to Jerry and Larry,
"I tell you this fucker will make a great slave.  Hell, beating on his
head has his cock standing at attention.  I think I'm going to owe you
for this one." 
      Jerry said, "We'll be at your house in one more block." 
      Jimbo said, "Okay, put the hood on him so we can take him out of
the van into the house." 
      Afraid to move or speak (and I must admit the fear was actually
creating a throbbing in my cock) I just stayed there on my knees as
Jerry pulled a rubber hood over my head.  He adjusted it so that my
mouth and nose were free and my ears protruded from small slits in the
side.  I could feel very soft and very long hair on my back, neck and
ears.  The hair was down almost to my waist. 
      When he had it adjusted on my head it was skin tight with pads
over my eyes.  Jerry then took the ball gag they had used earlier and
pushed it into my mouth.  
      While Jerry was adjusting the mask, Jimbo put a strap around my
balls and pulled it tight stretching my ball sack out away from my
cock.  He then put another strap around the base of my cock and my
balls and pulled that tight.  It hurt, but it also caused my cock to
pulse and jump with anticipation. 
      Jimbo said, "He is a horny fucking bastard.  Larry, get back
here and suck his cock while I go in the house and get a collar and
leash.  Larry told me to lie down on my back.  I felt the shackles go
back on my ankles and then I was lifted into air until my feet touched
the roof of the van. 
      Larry said, "Perfect, Jerry.  Just the right height." 
      My head was resting on the mattress, my feet were raised up to
the roof and I felt someone sit down on my chest, the buns of their
bare ass surrounding my chin.  Larry said, "Jerry, take the gag out of
his mouth so he can rim my ass as I suck his cock." 
      Jerry removed the gag and Larry began to suck on my cock.  His
mouth moving up and down the shaft massaging it as his tongue circled
and excited the head.  Larry was positioned so that all I had to do to
lick his asshole was stick out my tongue.  At first I thought it would
be sickening to lick his ass and never would have done it willingly. 
But I had quickly learned how vulnerable I was, especially considering
the size of Jimbo. 
      So as Larry slurped on my cock, I began to lap his asshole.  I
was surprised at the sexual thrill that started when my tongue hit
that pucker.  The smell was acrid and the taste was bitter, but as
soon as my tongue found that hole, I wanted more. 
      Pretty soon I was licking and sucking on his asshole and reaming
it with my tongue and teeth as my hands gripped his hips and pulled
him down where he was actually sitting on my face his asshole jammed
against my lips. 
      As I was sucking and slurping his ass, he was sucking and
slurping my cock and then a third thrill raced through my body as I
felt someone's tongue slide through the crack in my ass to settle and
plunge into my ass. 
      With great cut crunching spasms, I shot cum into Larry's mouth. 
The pleasure was to much and I shouted, "Oh god, suck me, fuck me,
lick me......"  Larry kept sucking on my cock, the strap around the
base keeping it from going soft.  Jerry quit licking my asshole and I
felt his cock probe at it. 
      Larry kept seated on my mouth sucking my cock as Jerry opened my
ass with his cock.  As Jerry fucked my ass, he got into a rhythm with
Larry's head bobbing on my engorged cock.  My cock was so sensitive,
what with having shot more times and more cum since I got into the Van
than in the last week, that each time the head of my cock slide past
Larry's sucking tongue, a shock of painful pleasure drove up the shaft
into my gut to mingle with the pleasure of Jerry's cock sliding past
the sensitive lips of my ass as it hammered my prostrate. 
      It seemed like hours, but was surely only minutes when I felt
Jerry slam his cock deep as it would go into my ass and fill it with
pulses of hot cum.  And from somewhere unknown, each time Jerry
shuddered a shot of cum into my ass, I felt the burning sensation of
ejaculation in the mouth of my burning cock. 
      I thought it was over when Larry got up off of my face and left
me lying there with my throbbing hurting cock still engorged with
blood that the straps around its base would not allow to leave.  Larry
said, "I think I'll just lick this here cum out of his ass for him."   
      "How about it slave, you want me to suck your asshole clean?" 
      I said, "Please, just let me go.  I don't think I can handle
anymore."  Jerry said, "Fuck'n slave still hasn't learned who he is. 
You suck his ass, I am going to get another load of jizzum from his
cock." 
      Jerry took Larry's position with his asshole jammed down on my
lips.  His ass was not as clean as Larry's.  I realized that with
Larry it was a cleaner smell.  Jerry smelled like he had just taken a
shit and his ass tasted like it, but I was actually glad they hadn't
released me as I wanted to lick his ass and taste his shit. 
      Jerry waited for a while as Larry was licking and sucking my
asshole.  It was beyond pleasure.  The soft touch of his wet hot
tongue actually soothed the hot pain Jerry's fucking had left behind. 
Soon I was wiggling my ass and pushing up to get more of his tongue in
me. 
      At the same time I found myself sucking on Jerry's asshole.  I
sucked the on the mouth of his ass and then tongue fucked his shit
chute.  My whole body jerked with pain when Jerry blew on the head of
my cock.  I did not know anything could hurt so much and feel so good
at the same time. 
      Once more I was the meat in the sandwich as Larry finished
licking my ass and drove his cock into me while Jerry sucked my cock
and drove me into spasms of pain and pleasure with every touch on the
head of a cock that was kept rigid by leather straps. 
      After what seemed to be an eternity of painful pleasure, I felt
the heat of Jerry's cum caress my stomach while at the same time Larry
drove his cock deep into my bowels and filled them once more with warm
wonderful pleasure. 
      As Jerry and Larry came together, Jerry took just the head of my
cock into his mouth and began to suck like a baby.  And like a good
mother, from somewhere I didn't know existed, I produced a load of
sperm and in a spinning, fireworks of color, pain and pleasure filled
his mouth and followed the pain and spinning red vortex into oblivion. 
      My escape from pain and pleasure was momentary.  As the world
came back to me someone was  putting a collar around my neck.  The
ball gag was once more inserted in my mouth, so that the most I could
do was moan.  The first moan got me a stinging slap on the ass. 
      Jimbo said, "Come on slave, and pulled me by the collar out of
the van."  They had removed the straps from my ankles and from my cock
and balls.  I was sure I would never again be able to get an erection
as I stumbled behind what seemed to be a leash connected to the collar
around my neck. 
      I tripped up a couple of stairs and was pulled into the house. 
Jimbo said, "Take the blinds off." 
      I was hoping that the mask would be removed as I was wet with
sweat beneath it.  But all that was removed were the pads over my
eyes. I was standing in a room about 10 by 10 with walls and ceiling
totally covered with mirrors.  On the walls and from the ceiling were
several hooks and from four of them was hanging a huge leather (for
want of a better word) hammock.  Except this hammock had holes at both
ends and several metal loops all around the edges. It wasn't to
difficult to figure out how it was used.   
     Jimbo lead me across the room until I was standing under a pole
about six feet long suspended from the ceiling by a nylon rope
connected to the ceiling hooks via a pulley system.  It looked like it
could handle several hundred pounds.  At each end of the pole were fur
covered wrist restraints that could be moved in and out on the pole. I
was standing just a foot from one wall facing the mirror. 
     I stood there looking at myself as Jerry and Larry locked me into
the wrist restraints.  They then spread my arms into a 'V' so they
were locked on the bar with about 3 feet between my hands. 
     Because of the hood over my head the sight in the mirror seemed
to be happening to someone else.  My head was covered with a very soft
and pliable rubber face mask that was designed to look like a young
girl with long curly blond hair.  The only part of my face that showed
was my eyes, the end of my nose and my lips.  The mask was tight
against my skin and moved as if it was my own skin.  A black ball was
stuffed into my mouth and tied with a strap. 
     I watched Jerry and Larry pull the pole up using the pulley ropes
attached at the end.  It stretched my arms up, but the wrist
restraints kept my hands from sliding together.  They stopped lifting
me when my toes came up off the floor. 
     Jerry got another pole out that had ankle restraints attached on
it.  They clamped my ankles into the restraints and then pulled them
apart as far as they would go and locked them onto the bar.  They then
lowered me until my feet were on the floor and just barely relieving
the strain on my arms.  They then left. 
     I was hung spread eagle from the ceiling and surrounded on all
sides with mirrors.  The floor was polished steel and although it
wasn't as clear as the glass mirrors, it was very close.  
     By looking up I could see myself in the ceiling, but it wasn't
the most interesting view.  The view I found most interesting was
looking up into my groin.  The spread legs gave a good view of my
balls and cock with a vague but promising view of my ass. 
     Another view that pleased and excited me was the view of my back. 
I didn't realize just how plump my buttocks were and how their rounded
humps were accentuated by the sharp 'V' of my back. 
     I noticed that my muscle structure was the smooth muscles of a
swimmer and even with my arms lifted and spread with the tension
stretching my pecs upward, I still had very distinct tits tipped by
pink nipples.  I envisioned myself with an uplift bra and could see
that except for my cock and balls and the hair on my chest, arms,
stomach and legs I could easily pass for a girl with small, not tiny
or flat, breasts. 
     As I mentally turned myself into a girl I felt the heat grow in
my bowels, although my cock stayed flaccid.  Then as I began to
fantasize about being dressed up like a girl and picking up men to
suck and let them fuck my ass, I saw my cock begin to grow. 
     My cock was about half hard when Jimbo came back into the room. 
His hairy body was naked except for a leather harness on his chest and
down to his groin.  His cock was sticking out a good ten inches in
front of him and his balls were hanging below it with both cock and
balls poked through a cock ring held to his body by the leather
harness. 
     Looking in the mirrors I could see that the leather harness strap
was a single strap that went between his legs from the cock ring, up
between his fat buttocks and attached to the chest harness by a metal
ring in the small of his back.  In his hand was a multi-string short
whip with a handle shaped like a dildo. 
     As I watched him and his images cross the room I felt the heat
increase in my groin and I had several views of my own cock responding
to what I was seeing and what I was expecting.  By the time he reached
me my cock was standing poker stiff. 
     He grabbed me by the cock and pulled spinning me around in a
circle.  Because my feet were touching the floor, I stopped spinning
as soon as he let go.  
     "So," He said, "the slave thinks he can still control the action
does he?"   With this he lashed me across the buttocks with the whip. 
It was a stinging pain that caused me to respond by trying to move
away from it.  The next slap of the whip was harder and I could see
the red lines it left on my lower back and buttocks. 
     Again I jumped with the sting of pain and tried to lessen it by
moving with the swing of his arm.  "Damn you learn slow."  He said, as
he reached way back to bring the whip lashing across my ass and
raising a row of large welts.  I knew the next one would be opening
the flesh and so I braced myself to not move when the lash hit me. 
     "Better." He said.  Then he came around in front of me and taking
my cock, which during the lashing had actually gotten bigger, in his
hand he used it as a handle to spin me around.  I lifted my feet from
the floor and let the swing carry me around in a dizzying spin.  
     Using my ass and cock as projections to push on he sent me
spinning around faster and faster.  Pretty soon the ropes holding the
bar to the ceiling had wrapped around each other lifting me into the
air a couple of feet.  He then grabbed my cock and held it bring me to
a stop.   
     It felt like he was going to pull it off.  The pain stabbing
through my groin as he stopped me was almost like an orgasm.  Holding
me by the balls, he turned me away from him and shoved the handle of
his whip up my ass.  He had apparently greased the handle as it slide
easily up my fuck chute.  Then he turned me around to face him again -
- still using only my balls for a handle. 
     Reaching between my legs he grabbed the whip strings and pulled
them up to split them into two groups.  He then wrapped them, in two
different directions, around the base of my cock and tied them
together. 
     The strings around my cock acted like a restrictions and kept my
cock from going soft.  The strings also were pulled across my balls
trapping a single nut on each side.  Then by shoving the dildo deeper
into my ass he tightened up the constriction on my cock and pushed my
balls further apart. 
     He pushed on the dildo until it slipped entirely into my ass and
I felt my sphincter muscle close down around the whip strings. 
Kneeling in front of me he slowly let my bulging cock slide into his
mouth.  The sensation of his velvet lined mouth around my engorged
cock was all it took to send a spasm of pleasure up into my gut.  My
balls were stretched tight in the sacks and the result was a cutting
stab of pain that only enhanced the next spasm of pleasure. 
     His mouth and lips and tongue milked my cock and inside of me the
handle of the whip was stirring up sensations of esctasy such as I had
never before experienced.  Ripples of cramps raced up and down my legs
but Jimbo ignored them and kept working my cock.  Pretty soon the
cramps were also rippling in my stomach and chest.  I was stretched
out to tight to even move. 
     Jimbo kept working my cock until suddenly every muscle in my body
went into a spasm and my cock jumped and erupted several times.  I
thought I was going to cum forever.  Again and again my cock spit cum
into his mouth and each time my whole body responded in spasms and
cramps.  When Jimbo at last released my cock, a few seconds after the
last orgasm, I knew I was forever in love.  That big mountain of a man
could have anything he wanted from he.  I was hopelessly in love with
him. 
     He stood up his mouth full of my cum.  Holding me still by
grabbing my cock, he took off my ball gag and pressed his lips to
mine.  I opened my lips for him and he spit my own cum into my mouth. 
He looked at the mirror in front of me and said, "I told you he had
another shot in him."   
     He then untied my cock and holding the strings of the whip pulled
it in a quick jerk out of my ass.  With the removal of the dildo
nothing was holding me and the twisted ropes on the pole began to
unwind sending me into a fast spin. 
     He left the room with me still spinning on the rope.  As the spin
ended, I would then spin in the other direction. Afraid to stop
myself, in case it would bring displeasure to Jimbo, I held my feet up
and let the ropes spin me first one way and then the other.  By the
time I came to a stop, I was to dizzy to know it and it felt like the
room was still spinning when Jimbo came back in. 
     This time he had a small riding crop in his hand.  Jerry and
Larry came in with him and they lowered me until they could remove the
pole from the ropes.  They didn't release my hands, but instead they
told me to bend over as far as I could and then they tied the bar
between my legs to the bar between my feet. 
     Jerry and Larry kept me from falling over as Jimbo whipped my ass
with the riding crop.  The strokes were light and painless, but with
each one I whimpered.  Jimbo said, "Slave, are you ready to be fucked
by this big cock now?  Or do we have to do some more preparation
activities?" 
     I said, "Yes, I am ready."

     Jimbo slipped the crop down my back and lightly brushed it over
my ass and said, "Beg me.  Beg this horse to ride your ass and fill
you with his big cock." 
     I said, "Please fuck me.  Please dear sir, dear horse sir, please
fill my ass with your cock and bring me great wonderful pleasure." 
     Larry laughed and said, "The slave learns quickly."

     By watching the mirror surface of the steel floor I could see
everything that was happening and I watched Jimbo first grease up my
asshole with lube. Then he began filling and massaging my ass with his
fingers.  First one finger, then two fingers, then three and finally
four of his large fingers were shoving lube up into my ass.  He said,
"He's ready, take him over to the swing." 
     They untied the poles from each other and lifted me into the
leather swing.  It was positioned just right so that Jimbo's cock was
pointed at my ass, Jimbo stood between my legs, still spread apart by
the pole, and with one quick movement drove his cock hilt deep into my
greased asshole. 
     I couldn't hold back a scream as the pain drove with his cock up
my ass, through my groin, up into my chest and out my mouth.  Jimbo
began to fuck me with long hard fast strokes and each one drove out of
me a whimper of pain, but as he continued the whimpers turned to moans
and the moans turned to words as I started twisting on his cock and
begging for more. 
     "yes .... fuck me oh I love you sir I am your slave I love you
sir please fuck me fuck me fuck me ......." 
     Jimbo was panting and groaning and hammering his cock in and out
of my ass as I was yammering for more.  Then he said, "Larry will you
get this slave to shut up. 
     I immediately stopped talking.  I expected them to reinsert the
gag and hoped if I shut up it wouldn't happen. 
     Larry walked up to my head, let loose a rope from above and
pulled my head backward.  As my head laid back I was looking right at
an upside down cock.  I opened my mouth and reached for it.  Larry
then grabbed my shoulders and drove his cock into my mouth.  With both
ends of my body being hammered by driving cocks I was once more being
driven to levels of pleasure I didn't know were possible.   
     The harder and faster their cocks moved in my ass and throat the
better it felt and I could feel my cock once more throb and fill with
blood.  Jimbo said, "Jerry, this slave has more cum collecting in his
balls, suck it out." 
     As soon as Jerry's wet hot mouth surrounded the head of my cock
Larry buried his cock in my throat, his balls closing my nose, and
Jimbo buried his cock in my ass his balls slapping my buttocks.  Three
cocks jerked and jumped.  My throat and mouth filled with jazz, the
heat in my ass drove a beam of pleasure up my gut and out the end of
my prick to fill Jerry's mouth. 
     As Larry removed his cock I sucked one last drop of cum from it
and felt Jerry's lips slide up the head of my cock to suck any
remaining cum from it.  Jimbo kept pumping my ass then suddenly pulled
out and laid a load of cum on my stomach. 
     Still bound and totally spent I laid in the swing with barely
enough strength to raise my head.  I asked, "Can I have some water?" 
     Jimbo picked the whip up from where he had dropped it and lashed
my stomach, cock and balls.  He seemed to be totally out of control as
he whipped me with four stinging strokes.  Then grabbed me by the hair
on the hood and pulled my head back.  He swung one leg over my head
and reaching behind him grabbed the hair again and pulled my face into
his ass. 
     Grinding his ass into my face and sliding up and down so that
first my nose and then my mouth was pushed into his shit hole he said,
"When will you learn.  You are my slave.  When you begged me to fuck
you you became my property.  Until I decide to set you free you belong
to me.  I - AM - YOUR - MASTER!  You will do exactly what I tell you
and only speak when asked a question.  It you do anything else I will
punish you." 
     He let me go and walked over to stand beside me.  Four more times
the whip fell, this time on my chest.  Then he asked, "Do you now
understand?" 
     I said, "Yes."

     He whipped my chest. "What!"
     I said, "Yes, sir!"

     He whipped my chest and then my stomach and last my groin. 
     He said, "What!"

     I said, "Yes master."

     He slide the whip from my chest down to my groin and letting it
dangle between my legs tickling my balls he said, "By George I think
you've got it." 
     "Larry," Jimbo said, "Untie him and lets see how good a slave he
can be.  He has already kept us from the party to long.  We will use
the Bondage room.  Go and get the bullwhip, I am through fucking
around." 
     After Larry untied me from the swing he also unshackled my wrists
and ankles.  I tried to stand up but my legs wouldn't hold me and I
fell on the floor. 
     Jimbo said, "On your hands and knees slave and come here." 
     I got up real slow trying not to move the many muscles that were
hurting. 
     Jimbo said, "Get over here now!" and as he said it he grabbed the
bullwhip from Jerry and cracked it over my back.  I felt the tip dig
into my ass and in the mirror watched the blood bubble up out of the
small wound. 
     There was no hesitation as I scrambled over to him on my hands
and knees ignoring the pain.  I stopped with my face pressed into his
stomach and licked the top of his flaccid cock like a chastised puppy. 
He grabbed the leash that was still attached to the collar around my
neck and jerked up on it.  He then pushed me with his foot and knocked
me to my back. 
     Pulling the leash tight with his left hand he swung the bullwhip
with his right hand.  Because we were so close together the whip
wasn't hitting me.  It snapped on the floor behind me with the length
landing on my crotch and up to my chest.  He pulled the whip up until
the tip laid on my cock and said, "I didn't tell you to lick my cock. 
You will learn not to do anything unless your are told and then only
what you are told." 
     As he spoke the last word he flicked the whip and the tip of it
dug into my ball sack and sent a shiver of pain up my groin.  I
whimpered and said, "Yes master only what I am told." 
     "Stand up."  I stood up.

     "Lay down on your stomach."  I laid down.

     "Kiss my foot."  I slide across the floor on stomach and kissed
his foot. 
     "Suck on my toes and lick between them."  I began to suck his
toes and lick between them.  I could see in the mirror surface of the
floor that this was beginning to give him an erection.  Watching his
cock grow as I sucked and licked his toes made me feel very good.  I
wanted my master to have pleasure.  With great joy I followed his
instructions. 
     "Lick the top of my feet and my ankles....Now suck up my legs
until you get to my knees....slowly (he flicked my ass with the tip of
the whip) ... that's good.  Now (He turned around and bent over) suck
out my asshole." 
     I licked his ass and felt the heavy hair tickle my lips.  "Pull
my buttocks apart with your hands.  Suck on that asshole.  Stick your
tongue in there.  Suck my ass and use your hands to masturbate me at
the same time.  That's it, yes suck that asshole and stroke that cock. 
Get around here (he pulled me around with the leash connected to my
dog collar).  Suck that cock.  Yes swallow it all.  Take it all you
fucking slave." He grabbed my head and jammed his cock into my mouth. 
I couldn't breathe, but he just jammed more cock into my throat and
held it there.  Just as I began to feel my head spin from lack of
oxygen he pulled out and I gasped in air. 
     He gave me just enough time to get a breathe and then jammed his
cock back in.  "Grab my ass slave and pull that cock into your
throat."  I grabbed both his buttocks and with a get wonderful feeling
of accomplishment rammed my head down and swallowed his cock until my
nose was pushed into his stomach.  I held him tight as I could and
swallowed and swallowed.  I couldn't breathe, but I wouldn't let him
go.  He didn't tell me to let him go so I just pushed against his
groin with my lips and tried to swallow his cock. 
     My head started to spin.  I thought I was going to pass out from
lack of breath, but I would die before I would bring my master
displeasure by pulling off his cock before he told me to.  Just before
I passed out I felt his cum climb up the shaft and felt the greasy
heat in my throat.  I passed out with his cream thrilling my gut and
his cock still held hard in my throat. 
     I woke up lying on my back looking up at his groin.  His cock was
dripping cum onto my chest and he said, "Now you are being a very good
slave."  I smiled and said, "Thank you master -- thank you." 
     "Get up slave... you are now ready to get dressed up for the
party.  We are already an hour late so I will have to punish you for
taking so long to become a good slave and making me late.  How do you
think I should punish you?" 
     I said, "You could whip me, but I would rather feel your hand
spanking my ass."  He said, "Bend over and grab your ankles.  I am
going to whip you and if you move I will not let you lick out my ass." 
I bent over quickly and said, "I will not move master ---- I really
want to lick your ass." 
     He used the cat of nine.  His strokes raised welts on my ass and
legs, but I didn't move as the pain was an exquisite pleasure.  After
several lashings he said, "Crawl up behind me and lick my ass slave." 
     I whimpered, "Thank you most wonderful master and I licked his
ass and stuck my tongue in his asshole with great pleasure.  After I
licked him clean he said, "Fuck my ass."  Immediately my cock got
hard.  My master was going to let me fuck him.  I drove my cock into
his ass and began to fuck him as fast and hard as I could.   
     In and out I drove my cock thrilling at the heat of his tight ass
around my shaft.  Then with a great grunt of pleasure I cried out,
"Master I am going to cum...."  He shouted, "Fill me slave, fill me
with your cum."  I drove my cock into him slamming his buttocks with
my hips and felt a wonderful gush of cum erupt into my master.  "Now
slave, suck that cum out of my hole."  I dropped quickly to my knees
and sucked with all the suction I could get and sucked on his asshole
swallowing whatever came out until I could taste the flavor of my cum. 
     "Okay slave.  We will get dressed for the party now." 
     He lead me by the leash out of the room.  I was very careful not
to get to close so the leash stayed tight, but I also was very careful
not to drag back so he would not have to pull me.   
     The next room was a bedroom.  He had me go and sit at the
dressing table.  Larry came in dressed in a thong and Jerry was there
also dressed in a maid's uniform.  He was very cute in his short
dress, halter and black lace stockings.  He as also wearing spike
heels.  Jimbo said, "Stand up and spread your arms and legs out like
they were when you were tied."  I did what he said. 
     "Now don't move while Jerry and Larry shave your body.  I don't
want to be forced to punish you."  I stood as still as a statue as
they covered me with shaving cream and using straight razors shaved my
body.  The shaved my arms and then my underarms.  They then shaved my
back and my chest and stomach.  They took great pleasure in shaving
around my cock, threatening to cut it off.  But my master had said
don't move and I didn't move.  They then shaved my balls and even
shaved between my buttocks and around the entrance to my love chute. 
     Finally they shaved my legs.  Jimbo came back in dressed in a
blue tuxedo.  He was beautiful.  I said, "You look beautiful master." 
He smiled and came over and kissed me.  Then he took the cat of nine
off the bed and with a big smile he kissed me again and then laid the
cat across my buttocks again raising several welts.  "The kiss" he
said, "is for telling me I am beautiful.  The cat is for speaking
without being asked a question.  Now slave, get dressed and put on
your makeup." 
     Jerry took the leash and lead me over to the dressing table.  I
sat down as commanded and Jerry began applying makeup to my lips and
eyes.  When he was finished it was hard to tell that I was wearing a
latex mask.  I looked like a young girl and although my own features
were mostly concealed by the hood, I was pleased to see how very
pretty my face was. 
     I looked over at Jimbo for approval and with my lips parted in a
smile I slid my tongue across my teeth.  Jimbo said, "You do that to
much and you'll have to suck my hard dick again."  I nodded my head
and licked my lips.  Jerry, Larry and Jimbo all laughed and Jerry
said, "You'll get your share of cock little slave." 
     Jimbo came over to the table and much to my surprise knelt
between my legs and sucked my shaved balls into his mouth.  I let out
a loud breath as his moist mouth sucked up my balls.  After sucking on
my balls for a while he then took my still flaccid cock into his
mouth. 
     The heat of his lips and tongue around the shaft and head of my
cock brought new moans of pleasure from me, but I had really been
sucked out. It had been less than three hours since I first got into
the van and I had truly been sucked dry.  But I wanted to get hard for
my master and that desire began to stir in my balls. 
     I felt them churn and the pleasure turned to a fabulous pain.  I
cried out, "Oh god, god, god, it hurts."  Jimbo lifted off of my half
hard cock.  I cried, "No please master I want to give you pleasure,
please don't stop it hurts oh god it hurts but please don't punish me
I really want to please you."  He laughed and instead of sucking me
more used both hands to masturbate me. 
     My body convulsed in great jerks and my half hard cock dribbled
out cum mixed with flecks of blood.  Every drop felt like a liquid
fire as it pulsed slowly out of my cock.  Jimbo laughed and kissed my
balls.  Then he stood up in front of me and said, "Well slave -- you
sure won't shame me by getting a hardon at the party.  You are truly
sucked dry.  Does that give you pleasure slave." 
     "Yes master, if it pleases you it pleases me."  Using the leash
he pulled me to my feet and lead me over to the closet.  He handed me
clothes and I put them on.  First he gave me a bra.  Jerry helped me
put it on and strap it so that my nipples were pushed through peep
holes and the rest of my breasts were pushed up to make a tight
cleavage. 
     Over this was a halter top that hung loose just below the bottom
of the bra.  Then I was given a black girdle with straps to hold up
stockings.  The girdle was pulled tight by Jerry and Larry.  They made
me empty my lungs and pulled the stays tight until I thought I
wouldn't be able to breath.  The girdle gave me a nice small waist and
I found that if I just took very small breathes I could breath. 
     The long stockings that I was given were a black and gold mesh
and attached to the girdle.   Jimbo lead me over to the mirror and
asked, "Well slave, what do you see."  I said, "I see a beautiful girl
who somehow has grown a cock and balls."  He laughed and I said, "I
hope it pleases you master." 
     Using the end of the leash he slapped my cock.  The pain ran up
my gut and I started to double over.  "Stand up straight and take your
punishment for speaking out of turn."  I stood up and three more times
he flicked the leash against my cock.  The pain was intense.  But was
eclipsed by the pleasure I got from his smile as he cupped my balls in
his hand and said, "That's how I expect my slave to respond to
punishment." 
     He then gave me a skirt to put on that hugged my hips and flared
out just below the rounded curves of my buttocks and just above the
base of my cock into a loose cascade of soft silky rayon.  The last
item of clothing was a pair of high heels.  Because I often dressed in
my mother's clothes when in high school I was able to stand and walk
in the heels without wobbling. 
     What I saw in the mirror was an extremely beautiful young woman
who was dressed to excite the cocks of straight men.  Jimbo stood
behind me and ran his hands up and down my body.  He was lightly
caressing my tits and stomach.  Then he rubbed my hips and slide his
hands up under my dress to lightly fondle my loose hanging cock and
balls. 
     He laughed and laughed as he fondled me and I leaned back and
felt the warm pressure of his growing cock against my buttocks.  Then
he said, "Time to go to the party."  As Jerry and Larry proceeded us
out of the bedroom into a room filled with men and women, he whispered
in my ear, "I will fuck you later slave."  I said, "Thank you." and he
gently slapped my ass and laughed. 
     At first glance it looked like the average cocktail party, but it
was soon apparent that it was really a cock-tail party.  About a third
of the people (some men and some women) wore dog collars and leashes. 
     One of the women, dressed in tight leather and with her tits
free, came up to Jimbo and said, "That was a nice show you gave us." 
When are you going to let us meet that young man.  Or", she nodded
toward me, "is this young girl your new thing?"  I noticed one wall
looked like a huge window and through it I could see the bondage room. 
I was thinking I should be embarrassed to have been watched by so many
people as Jimbo taught me obedience.  However, instead I was excited
to think that in the future I would know there was an audience and I
quietly vowed never to make my master ashamed of me.      
     Jimbo spread his hands and yelled out, "People, lets have a
little quiet."  When the room got quiet he pulled me by the leash up
onto a platform in front of the window.  I was so proud, I sucked in
my stomach and stood with my tits out and my nipples clearly shown by
the clinging fabric.   
     I heard the whispers as the crowd dissected me with words.  Jimbo
let this go on for a while, then he yelled, "Quiet please."  Then
pointing up at me Jimbo made me happier than I had ever been when he
said, "You all know I lost my last slave when he ran off with some
slut.  Well he did me a favor, you've seen him in the bondage room and
now I present for your pleasure, my new slave."     I was so proud to be standing there in front of that room full of
people being introduced as Jimbo's new slave.  For years I had
fantasized about being a girl and being ordered around by a strong man
who would teach me sexual thrills.
     Now here I stood, the latex mask and long silky hair that made my
face into that of a beautiful young lady.  My tits were bunched with
an uplift bra and some tape.  The bra was peek-a-boo and my nipples
were showing through to push out on the silky halter top.
     Around my waist is a cinch girdle with straps holding up the
black and gold lace stockings.  My cock (milked a wonderful and
painful six times in just a couple of hour) hung limp against my sore
and dangling balls.  The welts on my ass from the cat-of-nine are
covered by a silk skirt tight down my hips and bunched just above my
the base of my cock and the round globs of my ass.  On my feet are a
pair of silver spikes.
     Around my neck is a choker studded with semi-precious stones and
attached to the choker is a leash held by my master.  My master,
Jimbo, is dressed in a Tuxedo and is the most beautiful man I have
ever seen.  He is a fat, close to 300 lbs, six foot tall bear whose
body is covered with dark curly hair.  
     He found me just a few hours ago alone and lonely.  And in just a
couple of hours of sex and obedience training he changed me from a
frustrated man, who was known by all the women he knew as a lousy
fuck, into a lovely lady.
     He tells me to get on my hands and knees and lick his shoes.  I
lick the toes of his shoes and kiss them as he tells me.  Then he
reaches down and lifts my skirt to show my naked ass to the room full
of people.  He says, "Today, to bring as much pleasure to my slave as
possible I am offering his ass to anyone who wants it."
     The first one is line is a woman dressed all in leather and with
a dildo strapped to her cunt.  The end of her dildo presses into the
mouth of my asshole and with slow pressure she begins to force it into
me.  My ass is dry and she is having trouble entering me and it hurts
very much, but I don't want to shame my master, so I bite my tongue to
keep from screaming and relax as much as possible.
     As she finally enters me all the way, my wonderful master reaches
down and begins to lubricate my ass with his finger.  It is so good to
feel him sliding his slippery finger in and out of my love chute, that
I look up at him and tell him with my eyes how much I love him.
     The woman begins to fuck me with the strapped on dildo.   She
plunges in and out of me stopping only when my master decides I need
more grease.  Then suddenly she shudders with an orgasm and drives the
dildo deep into my ass.
     When she pulls the dildo out of my ass it has shit on it.  She is
very angry that I let it get shit on it and shoves it into my face. 
My master says, "Slave, you clean that thing with your tongue."  I
lick the shit off of the dildo hating the woman and vowing one day to
fuck her ass and make her eat my shit.  My master says, "Now that is
nice, but I am going to have to punish you for getting shit on that
dildo."
     He puts his foot on the back of my head and pushes me down on the
floor.  I lay down on my stomach and my master says, "Get that ass
back up in the air."  So I lift my ass as high as I can and get back
on my knees, with my head pushed to the floor with my master's foot.
     He pulls my skirt up, once more leaving my ass bare.  I feel the
sting of a paddle and then hear the whoosh as it goes through the air. 
I can not help it, I try to pull away from my master.  He pulls tight
on the leash and pushes down with his foot and a second stinging slap
of the paddle bruises my ass.
     Again the pain is to great to ignore and I drop to the floor
trying to avoid the paddle.  My master gets very angry.  He grinds my
face into the floor then drags me to my feet.  I hang my head and look
at the ground.  I am afraid to look him in the eye.  He yells and
screams and removes the mask from my face.  He says, "You don't
deserve to be called slave and wear my slave mask.  You are a
disobedient turd and will be taught manners this night.  Get back on
you hands and knees."
     "My slave has shamed me and must be punished.  Bring me the
stocks."  A wooden stock made of two 2x2's with three holes and a
hinge is brought up on the stage by a naked man.  He has a big cock
and it is standing up totally erect.  As he puts my hands and head in
the stocks he shoves his cock into my face.  My master says, "Well,
suck that man's cock.  Let him know how grateful you are for teaching
you obedience."
     I take the big cock in my mouth and begin to suck and blow on it
as I feel the top of the stock come down and trap my head and hands in
the three holes.  My master and Larry hold the stock still in the air
and the guy with the big dick begins to fuck my face.  Faster and
faster he fucks me driving his cock into my mouth until it hammers
against the back of my mouth.  Suddenly he erupts and the sweet nectar
of sex fills my mouth.
     I suck and lick at his cock as he withdraws it from my mouth.  I
am sucking so hard as the head passes my lips that a load pop is heard
when he pulls free.  He says, "Now that is one hungry cocksucker."  My
master says, "Let go of the stock Larry."  As they let go I discover
that the short pieces of wood are extremely heavy.  I can barely hold
the weight and stay up straight.  My master tells me to kiss his feet
again and trying very hard to please him I bend down.
     The weight of the stock pulls me to the floor and I can't lift my
head to lick his shoe.  He then begins to slap my ass with the paddle
and demand that I be obedient and get my head up and lick his shoe. 
Crying, not only from the pain of the paddle but also because I have
again failed my master, I am finally able to inch my face forward and
lick his the toe of his shoe.
     Larry leans down and rumples my hair.  He says, "Just 250 lbs of
lead in that wood, but it will keep you from moving around."  My
master sits spread legged in front of me.  He has removed his trousers
and shorts and I am looking into his fat groin all covered with hair. 
His cock is soft and he pushes it into my face.  I open my mouth and
suck it in.
     He pulls it out of my mouth and stands up.  "I never told you to
suck my cock.  Jerry get me the whip, I will teach this turd not to
use his mouth before I tell him to."  I begin to plead.  "I am sorry
master, I thought you wanted me to suck your cock.  I promise never to
put my mouth around your cock without you telling me to do it.  Please
forgive me and tell me what I can do to make you happy.  I didn't try
to fail you I just was full of shit and the weight is to heavy."
     My master pulled my head up by grabbing a handful of hair and
then pushed the ball into my mouth again.  He says, "You can please me
by doing what I want.  I love you and want you to be my slave, but I
must teach you to do what you are told when you are told to do it. 
Now stand up."  I struggle to stand on my feet, but I can only get to
my knees.  Then I feel the sting of the whip.  "Damn it, I said, Stand
up!"  Over and over my master whips my ass and says, "Stand up."
     I get my feet under me and get up into the air, but I can not
lift the weight of the stock and it keeps me bent over.   My master
then says, "OK, who wants to clean this slave out so we don't have any
more of his shit around?"
     One of the women comes up with a garden hose in her hand.  I can
tell it is turned on as the water is dripping out of the nozzle.  I
try to beg, but with the gag all I can do is groan.  My master whips
my ass again and says, "Shut the fuck up you have shamed me and you
must learn never to do that again."
     As the hose nozzle is inserted into my ass I feel the heat of the
water and realize that it is almost scalding hot.  I try to pull away
from the nozzle.  My master says, "Don't keep shaming me turd or I
will have to throw you out and not let you be my slave."  I back up
and push against the hose so it goes into my ass just far enough so
the girl holding it can turn it.
     The flush of heat in my rectum and groin is beyond description. 
It is like having multiple orgasms all at the same time.  I feel the
water fill me and then flow out and looking down I see the water and
shit cover the tile floor at my feet and run down the drain in the
middle.
     The water keeps flushing me until there is no shit left and only
clear water is coming out of my ass.  I feel full and hot and the
sweat is dripping off my balls and face.  My master says, "Empty that
rectum slave."  Thrilled to be called slave again, I push and feel the
hot water gush from my ass and run down my legs and balls like a giant
orgasm.
     My master says, "OK slave, now we will see if anyone else still
wants to fuck you."  A small man walks up before me with a cock bigger
than anything I have ever seen.  It has to be four inches around the
base and 13 inches long.  He looks at me and says to Jimbo, "Do you
think he is ready for this dick."  My master smiles and says, "He is
my slave -- he is ready for anything.  If I wanted to put my foot up
his ass he would be thrilled."
     "Right slave."  I nod my head as vigorously as possible with my
the heavy stocks pulling me down.
     "See, but lets get him stretched out a little for you first."  My
master gets behind me and starts to grease up my ass, he uses three
fingers for a while and I am in heaven just knowing that my master is
playing with my asshole.  He moves from three fingers to four.  Then I
feel his hand cup and I can feel him pushing until he has buried his
hand to the wrist in my ass.
     What I feel and my master knows no one else can tell.  For inside
my ass he begins to open his hand and wiggle his fingers.  The
sensation is beyond description and my cock begins to drop precum in
huge dripping drops.  My master pulls his hand out of my ass and says,
"Take him, I do believe he wants it."
     As that huge cock enters my ass and opens me up it is more than
my skin can stretch and I begin to bleed.  I am trying to scream, but
can't.  Ignoring the blood that is now lubricating his big tool, the
fucker laughs and says, "By damn I got a cherry."  Slowly he fucks me
his big cock driving in and out of my ass and with each stroke going
deeper.  
     Before long the strokes are driving his cock all the way to the
balls and then the strokes become hard and short.  I can feel the
whole length of that huge cock driving in my gut and sliding in and
out of the walls of my rectum.  I start working my ass, helping him
fuck me and milking his huge cock with the muscles in my ass.
     He screams a scream of pure pleasure and drives his huge cock
into me, his balls slamming against mine as the throb of his cock
moves up the walls of my ass and his cock head expands until I think I
am coming apart inside and a wonderful hot gush of cum washes into my
love chute.
     As the big cock is pulled from my ass, I hear a girl say, "I want
to suck his asshole and taste that cum."  Pretty soon I feel the lips
and tongue caressing the puckered mouth of my ass and I feel the
suction of lips sucking on my hole.  This lasts for a little while
until a man says, "No damn girl knows how to suck out an ass.  Let me
at it."
     The man is not gentle.  He drives his nose into crack of my ass
and his chin against my balls and I feel the suction of his lips on my
ass.  I feel him suck the lining up and then feel the cum slide up my
ass and out into his mouth.  It is like a second orgasm and I start to
shake and quiver all over.  I fall to the floor and can't get up.
     My master, Jerry and Larry take me out of the stocks and carry me
to a big poster bed in the middle of the room.  In the middle of the
bed two guys are fucking a very small girl.  
     One of them has his cock up her ass and she is sitting in his
lap, the other one has his cock in her cunt.  As they fuck her they
ignore her body and are playing with each other's tits and kissing. 
She is just the glue that holds them together.
     My master says, "I need the bed."  They immediately get off the
bed and get down on the floor where they start again.  I am laid on
the bed and stripped naked.  They remove all the wonderful clothes
that I enjoyed so much wearing.  As they remove the gag from my mouth
I am crying with loud sobs.
     My master sits on the bed next to me and gently plays with my
cock and balls.  He says, "What is wrong little slave?"   I say, "I
want to stay dressed as your slave.  I want to be your girl.  I have
shamed you and lost my dress."
     Still playing with my soft cock and dangling balls he leans over
and gently kisses my eyes.  His lips slide lovingly across my eye lids
and down my cheeks.  His tongue gently licks my lips which I open for
him.  He licks my lips but doesn't enter my mouth with his tongue. 
Instead he licks down my jawline and then my throat.
     He licks and kisses my chest and tits.  He stops at each nipple
to bite it and bring a drop of blood and then sucks it and kisses it. 
As his lips find their way down my stomach and his tongue dips into my
navel I feel my cock begin to stir.  It has been an hour or more since
my last erection and draining.  I think, "Oh, please cock, don't get
hard, don't shame my master."
     My master kisses the head of my dick and I feel my balls roll
with pleasure.  Then he says, "Wish I could get one more load of cum
from you before we call it a night."  I push up my hips and say, "I
think if you suck it I can get another erection and maybe even cum for
you."  
     I immediately know I have done wrong.  My master jumps from the
bed and yells, "Tie that disobedient slave to the rack."  He turns and
leaves the room.  Larry and Jerry come and grab me by the arms and
drag me to my feet.  Larry grabs the leash and jerks me out of the
room, pulling so hard and fast that all though unencumbered with
clothes, I still have to stumble and run to keep from being pulled
down.
     I am stood up facing the two way mirror.  I thrill that my master
is going to let them watch him punish me.  A huge frame is around me
and inside it is a circle with three ropes.  The rope coming out the
top of the metal circle is tied to my wrists.  The other two ropes
placed to the left and right are then fastened one to each ankle.
     My master stands in front of me holding two wheels that have
click rods on them so that each time he pulls one past the click it
can't be returned in the opposite direction, unless he decides to let
it go backwards.
     With one wheel he pulls my hands straight up in the air and lifts
me until my feet are off the ground.  As I hang from my arms he begins
to turn the second wheel.  The second wheel is then used to spread my
legs as far as they will go.  He slowly brings pressure to bear, until
I squeal with the shot of pain.  Ignoring my moans he twists the wheel
another click.  It feels like my ass is going to split, but he is able
to click it eight more times before my legs are pulled out so tight
that he can't turn the wheel far enough to get another click.
     He ties down that wheel and starts with the first one again,  I
am stretched upward until I am sure something is going to break or
come apart.  I am sure my joints can't take it and I plead with him to
stop.  He laughs and climbs up a ladder to shove a cock gag into my
mouth and strap it down tight.  The cock head is soft and feels like a
real cock in my mouth, but I can get it out or suck it in.  It just
fills my mouth so that I can't even move my tongue around.
     He pulls the wheel tight just three more clicks.  Then slowly
forces one more click.  Then he brings out another wheel and as it
turns it I am turned around until I am parallel from the ground.  The
weight of my body puts even more pressure on my arms and legs and it
feels like every joint in my body is on fire.
     My master comes over to me, he is once more dressed in his
master's harness, and begins to spread cocoa butter on my body.  He
starts at my ankles and greases up one leg then the other.  He stops
at my groin and greases up my cock and balls.  I am looking at the
ceiling.
     Then he greases my back and my neck and up both arms.  Once he
has finished my arms he goes back to the wheel and spins it around
until I am once more parallel to the floor but looking down on it.  He
says, "I know this is going to hurt a lot.  But I really need to
stretch you out tight and you are still drooping a little around the
middle."  
     Then he takes the wheel stretching my arms and pulls it down
until it clicks once more.  My scream of pain is muffled by the cock
gag in my mouth.  He then turns the wheel attached to my leg ropes and
I am amazed as he drags one more click out of it.  The second click
doesn't amaze me because I am totally consumed by the fire of pain in
my legs and groin.
     He greases my back and ass.  The light caress of his fingers
speaking love to my aching muscles and joints.  Then he shoves  his
fingers into my ass and fills me with a hand full of cocoa butter.  He
laughs and licks his lips and comes around where his hard cock is
pointing at my mouth and says, "You smell like a Hershey bar."  Then
he turns the wheel one more click and again my scream is muffled.
     He sits on the floor under me and slides down to where my balls
and cock are hanging.  I feel the ball stretcher as he pulls it tight
at the base of my balls and then a strap up between them separating
them into two tightly stretched sacks.  A sudden weight pulls down on
my balls and I feel them stretch with pain.  He says, "I think about
10 lbs is good for the first session."
     A stab of pain drives through my cock into my body and I pass
out.  When I come to I can see the blood on the floor and looking down
I can see that my balls are tied to a large lead weight pulling them
down and through the head of my cock, going in the mouth and up
through the top of my dick head is a gold ring.  Fastened to the ring
is a small weight that has my cock pulled down toward the floor.
     The flow of blood has stopped and the pain in my body is now
total.  A dull ache is in every muscle, every joint, my balls, my
cock, my jaw and mouth, even my head where my master pulled up on my
head aches with a dull "I am here!" pain.
     My master notices I am awake and comes over and gently rubs my
stretched out arms.  His gentle hands slide across the muscles of my
body, gently caressing the skin.  It is as if the only thing in the
world that exists is his hands as they leave behind them a sensation
of decreased pain.  
     He kisses the back of my neck and says, "I am sorry this has to
be done, but I just can't have my slave thinking he can make his own
decisions."  He pauses and reaches down to slowly rub the crack in my
ass and then push one probing finger into the hole. 
     "I have been remiss."   He pauses and massages the mouth of my
asshole sending shivers of pleasure through my body.  Then he again
kisses the back of my neck and gently sucks on my ear and then licks
the inside. All the while he is doing these things sending wonderful
shivers of pleasure through me that wash out the pain he is talking.       
"Larry has reminded me that we never really asked you if you wanted to
be my slave.  We didn't do anything that you objected to, but then I
kind of lost my temper when the slave I was learning to love dearly
shamed me in front of my friends.  I then did some things you had not
agreed with.  I should not have pierced your cock without your
agreement that you belong totally to me 100%.  So as much as I will
wept to not have you to love (he fingers my asshole and kisses me in
the small of my back.  The pleasure drives the pain from me) I must 
give you the choice to leave me or to stay with me and be my slave."
     He stands in front of my his big cock hard and hot lays on my
forehead as his fingers massage my temples.  He says, "I am going to
remove the gag and you will be able to tell me if you want to be my
slave.  Now if you decide to be my slave, I want you to know your body
belongs to me and I will do anything I want to it.  I may pierce your
tits.  I may pierce your lips and eyelids.  I may feel it is necessary 
to whip you or chastise you on the rack.  You must know it is only
because I love you so very much."
     His hard cockhead is dripping precum and he rubs the tip of it
into my eyes.  "I also must tell you that if you do not agree to be my
slave one hundred percent, I will take you off the rack.  I will give
you your clothes and you can shower and wash up and leave at your
leisure.  The ring in your cock can be yours to keep, if you take it
out the hole will heal and if you leave it in it will also heal much
like having a pierced ear.  That ring is made up of $1500 in gold and
will pay you for the pain I have caused you."
     He goes behind me and I feel the long heat of his cock as he lays
it in the crack of my ass.  The heat and thrill of his cock laying on
my ass sucks the pain out of me and I begin to hope that he will fuck
me.  He leaves his cock laying there and says, "If you decide to stay,
I will fuck you again and let you suck my cum and will make you into a
wonderful obedient slave."  He steps back and I am hanging in the rack
untouched except for the ropes securing my wrists and ankles.
     He pulls on one of the ropes and causes my body to bounce as he
says, "Of course if you decide not to be my slave, I will untie these
ropes."  Again my body bounces and pain floods through ever muscle
down my cock and through my balls.  I scream in the gag as he says, "I
will untie these ropes and leave the room.  Larry will help you and
you will leave and you will never see me or get to suck my cock
again."  He lays his cock on my ass again and reaches under me to lift
the weights dragging on my cock and balls and says, "Never again to
feel the pleasure of my love and my cock."
     He moves to my head.  His cock is still hard and the tip is
pressed against my nose as he takes out the gag.  I move my head up
and lick his dick.  He presses gently letting the head enter my mouth. 
The world of pain disappears as his cock rests in my mouth and he
strokes the shaft.  
     His cock, my mouth and tongue and then the heat and bitter/sweet
savor of his cum drive all thoughts of leaving out of my head.  I
wanted the punishment to stop.  But the thought that I would never see
my master again, it is to much to bear.  I suck the tip of his cock
swallowing the sweet nectar of his love and say, "Master I love you
and want you to finish my training."  
     He laughs and puts the gag back into my mouth. and he turns each
of the three wheels one more click as I scream into the gag.  He walks
behind me and I feel his cock search for and find the entrance to my
love canal.  He begins to fuck me with long hard strokes.  He drives
deep with his cock and repeats with each stroke.  "I am so glad (uuh)
to (uuh) have you as my (uuh) slave.  I will treat you well.  You will
be fucked everyday and I will make sure you get plenty of cocks to
suck.  You will (uuh - uuh - uh) like that."
     My body is stretched so tight that it doesn't move in any
direction as he hammers his cock into my ass and pounds me with his
balls.  Every stroke sends shivers of wonderful exciting pain up my
cock, up my balls and into my body and I hope he will fuck me forever. 
Before he cums he pulls his cock from my ass and I feel the heat of
his cum drop on my back and slide down my hips.
     He once more removes the gag and presents his cock to my mouth
with his hand clamped tight behind the head.  I open my mouth and as
soon as he lets loose of his cock it spits a string of white cum into
my open mouth and onto my questing tongue.  He says, "Do you love me." 
I said, "I love you."  
     My master then took the whip and lashed my ass and back ten
times.  None of the lashes were hard enough to bring welts, but each
one sent a shiver of exotic pain through my body.  Each time he said,
"Do you love me."  Each time I responded.  "I love you."
     Then he gently rubbed his finger up my ass cheeks and said, "Have
a good nights sleep."  When I awoke the next morning my master took me
down from the rack and lets me clean his ass after his morning shit. 
He then lets me fix him some breakfast and feed it to him.  He adds
ten lbs to the weight on my balls and five to the weight on my cock.
He keeps me close to him my face always close to his cock and balls.  
     My master then calls up one of his friends and I hear him say on
the phone.  "Get the gang together, my slave is ready for advanced
training.  I've already pierced his cock, tonight we'll do his tits
and balls."  I was so excited by the prospect of my master's training
that I pee'd.  Since I was naked, it made a large puddle on the floor.
     My wonderful master didn't punish me for peeing myself, instead
he let me clean it up with my tongue as he added some of his own piss
to the puddle.  I feel so blessed to have such a wonderful master.  He
has promised me that if I don't shame him tonight he will let me stay
dressed as a girl for the entire night.  
     To help me avoid causing him shame, Larry and Jerry are coming
over two hours early to milk my cock.  My master says if I can cum six
times in an hour he will let me suck his cock and eat out his ass and
chose who fucks me at the party.  Of course he says if I get a hardon
while being fucked he will have to punish me in the bondage room
again.  
     As he walks around the house he has taken the leash off of my
collar and attached it to the ring in my cock.  It is so neat to be
jerked around the house as he does his daily work.  I find I am hard
most of the time, but he seems to think this is alright as he will
reach over and rub my cock and sometimes lick the sore tip.
     My balls are stretching out very nice and I am up to 35 lbs of
weight on them.  My master has warned me that if I shame him at the
party he will have to punish me.  He promises that the punishment will
be something totally different than last night.  
     I really don't want to shame him, because I love him so dearly
and his hands and love sooth the pains in my body, but I decide I will
-- for you see I really deserve to be punished.  The pain just reminds
me of how wonderful is the healing caress of my master's hands and
lips as he fucks me and washes the pain from my mind.  
