Copyright © 1997  Taka Hike.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.







"Dark Secrets of Male Lust"

An essay, by Taka Hike



A university study probing male sexual responses reported the surprise
finding that nearly all men responded more intensely and rapidly to images
of women wearing bras than to images of topless women.  At least it was a 
surprise to them. When simply asked which they would prefer seeing, the 
vast majority of men would choose topless to bikini-covered. 

Why would they choose something less stimulating?  The following explanation
of this paradox makes no attempt to wear the politically correct blinders that are
required for ordinary public consumption. If anything has ever offended you as 
sexist, you can be sure that the following WILL offend you.

Bras are a socially acceptable kind of bondage restraint; a harness. The term
"socially acceptable" is actually a gross understatement; it's far more unacceptable
for a woman to walk around without a bra. It may seem like I'm stating the obvious, but
consider how bizarre this situation is.  For thousands of years the only similar devices
to the modern day brassiere were harnesses used on animals and possibly some 
rope in the hands of the right sadist. Such "lingerie" was primarily aimed at retaining 
the services of an abducted and unwilling woman. Yet practically overnight women 
all over the world would come to accept their undeniable role as sex toys complete 
with harnesses which would do three things. First it would mold their busts into a 
shape more pleasing to their masters. Second it would ensure that they reached 
their maximum firmness and remained that way for many years. Lastly, a bra restricts 
the freedom of a girl's otherwise bouncy glands from doing a slam dance beneath 
her clothing with every step she takes. As a boy matures and gains experience, he 
gradually becomes intimately familiar with how breasts move around when 
left unencumbered. Being math and science oriented, boys also become
increasingly aware of how much force must be required to hold a pair of large soft orbs 
totally still. To put it  another way, the boy subconsciously begins to compute the extent 
of breast bondage that a particular girl must employ each day to keep her breasts 
pointing up at attention, as if for the sole purpose of his arousal. When this begins 
to happen, the boy is naturally more aroused by the sight of a woman in a bra/harness. 

A harness that every kind of woman from the waitress at a local restaurant to
a Russian female cosmonaut on television either is wearing or has worn at some time
before. The only true exceptions are those tribal women found in nature documentaries.
They are the yin to the bra-wearing domesticated yan. The savage is the pre-bra woman.
That's what a woman that hasn't yet been captured, tamed, and harnessed looks like. Few 
menlook to nature documentaries as their primary source of erotica, but every man is
aware of the existence of such women.  The subconscious is aware of how animals are used
by man to serve him. The donkey has it's cart, the horse has a saddle, the dog has a
leash, and the woman has a bra. The donkey carries, the horse is transportation, the dog is
companion, and the woman is used to drain his balls into. Because of fundamental
personality differences between the sexes, a man might love a woman's body or spirit on
one level, but the subconscious is more likely to view her as a necessary evil which must be
balanced against the discomfort of not having a regular and reliable place to
ejaculate - a discomfort in many ways similar to having to pee. There is a toilet in every house, and
one in every gas station and shopping mall.  When urine needs to be expelled there is a
proper receptacle available. Society is not so accommodating when it came to the need to 
expel semen. Sure there's masturbation, but contrary to what women insist on believing, every
time a man jerks himself off it only makes him more desperate for the real thing.  Women
that fly into a rage when their husband is caught staring at another woman, or masturbating
to pornography don't understand that when a happily married man becomes aroused 
(regardless of the source), he masturbates with his wife's pussy.  No matter
what load of lies a man may feel he has to live by in order to be politically correct and
socially acceptable, every time he fucks the same woman it's less fun than the time
before was. The most gorgeous woman would take longer to get bored of than a plain one, but
sooner or later they all become merely semen toilets.  No woman wants to think of
herself this way, and nearly all men help her to deny this (mostly in the interests of not
ruining a perfectly good semen overflow valve).  

If every woman were available for casual sex anytime, it would be man's
heaven on Earth.  Women don't make their bodies available to every passing stranger. For 
one thing they use their bodies as levers to pry dollars from the hands of men. Virtually all
women are prostitutes, only the wage differs. Men accept it because it's customary, but
sometimes it feels like having to pay your dog not to pee in your food. The nagging
question is whether it might be better to live alone and get by with petting an occasional stray
dog, or someone else's pet dog. Brief affairs are far more common than most people realize.
It was recently reported that the average American woman has more than 4 one-two night
affairs while married and the average man has over 7.  A married woman is a single man's
fast food. He can get in and get out without worrying about complications. The last thing
she will do is make waves that would interfere with her financial security. Now that she's
got a place to stay and a credit card she can abandon the rules that she followed to earn
her keep. She's easy to charm if she's been married for any length of time because her
husband has long since began using her vagina for a biowaste receptacle.  She will kid herself
that the new guy will love her for herself, only to discover that he just needed to make a
biowaste deposit of his own. Her husband doesn't seem so bad now. At least he gives
her money like the whore she is. It's the greatest irony of humanity that the true love
women dream of flies in the face of the ideal situation that every man dreams of.  Women
want a life long commitment and men want a quick fuck, and rarely from the same woman twice.
Women must lie to themselves that their husband will only dream of having sex with
them, and they must make the man believe it up until the ring is securely in place.  Men
want to believe that it will be that easy. Just marry her and they can come home, eat, and 
empty their balls into a hassle-free no maintenance live-in sperm maid.  I'm speaking
sub-consciously, of course. The conscious mind is far more gullible and has largely swallowed the
mythology of his culture.

Returning to the bra in cultural mythology versus the bra in the subconscious
mind of men, a bra is worn underneath clothing. It's almost a dirty secret. Women
generally deny their sexuality in public. A bra is visible proof of a woman's sexuality. 
Without ever opening her mouth, every man that spots the outline of a bra through clothing, or
even a lack of natural wobble, knows sub-consciously that this girl privately ties up her
breasts before she goes out in public. In the process of doing this she handles her breasts.  
No woman can handle her own breasts without feeling a pleasant arousal.  Like Sherlock
Holmes the sub-conscious mind sees the complete puzzle from the tiny clue of a visible
strap. It has already leapt to the conclusion that she fondles her breasts while getting dressed.

Sooner or later that bra will be taken off by someone.  The next man to walk up and guess the
secret combination to unlock her will be rewarded with a warm place to go to the
bathroom. I say "go to the bathroom" because most men don't attach much any more significance
to shooting a wad of cum that they do to urinating as far as love goes. A pussy
is nothing more that the fix you need to get by another day or two. If women really want
love instead of sex, then they should learn to be the kind of sex toy that men love.

Instead men must suffice with a magazine or a wife that they've already
fucked a thousand times. The inner mind wants a world in which you could fuck any woman 
at any time. A planet in which getting sucked off is no more difficult than petting a stray
dog. The female code of honor states that women must deny their biological nature whenever
possible. Men strain to catch a glimpse of a slip up in this policy.  The most common flaw
in feminine practices is the bra. If she's wearing a bra, the subconscious mind enjoys
seeing a woman humiliating herself by admitting her sexual nature (and if she's not wearing
one, the conscious mind enjoys the same).  It's a win-win situation thanks to the
physical geometry of the female body.  Thankfully men are not forced to wear some kind of
support that holds their rigid penises up like a tent pole in their pants for women to instantly
evaluate at a glance.  In this one way men indeed have the upper hand. In modern society
breasts have became the primary sexual organs of women. They establish the price a woman
can fetch on the open market, as well as the value of her measured against her age. In
other words a woman that's 45 with incredible breasts might be just as able to secure a
comfortable lifestyle as a flat chested 17 year old. The durability of the goods are
largely ignored in today's easy-divorce marketplace.

Men have an animal desire buried deep in their subconscious to dominate
women. Bondage with a partner is only a single captive woman. Enjoyable to be sure, but not
ideal. Bras conjure the vision of a harem of countless numbers of women that are always
sexually available. The girl may be free to move about, but not all of her can move
freely. Her breasts would bounce around freely if she were a untamed female animal like
the tribal women mentioned earlier. As proof of their domestication, they are taught to
dress so that their breast-genitals are lewdly projecting in front of their body. Women
everywhere stroll about like servants at a cocktail party carrying a tray of hors d'oevres. Her
breasts are humbly offered like ripe fruit on their bra-serving tray. No matter how
innocent your teenage daughter looks, every man that can see a hint of a shoulder strap or
the contrast of two triangles that shows through her shirt, knows that her breasts are being
restrained. Her breasts are being squeezed into shape. Her breasts are being lifted up on her
chest, and gently pulled away from each other, or pushed into each other to create a
dark valley of cleavage.  The wrinkled line of straps running over her shoulders that every
man can see even when she thinks they are invisible, remind the subconscious brain of the
force that is being exerted at this very moment to restrain and shape her breasts. The same
kind of force which he would exert with his fingertips if given the chance.

If you ever wondered why men are uncomfortable in the lingerie section of
department stores, it's because they fear their subconscious mind will discover it's
been lied to. Lingerie stores are minefields of evidence that women are not quite as
domesticated as they appear. Of course men also dread being confronted with younger sexier
(possibly even bra-clad) girl beauty in front of their wife or girlfriend. He would like thrill
to such a sight any other time, but this is the moment when his subconscious learns who is
dominating who. For if he were truly the master, he would simply push the newly discovered
nubile thing into the closest dressing room and masturbate into her on the spot. The
subconscious receives the message that some stacked nearly naked woman has been spotted
and orders up an erection for immediate deployment.  Instead he is suddenly cowed into
looking the other way under penalty of not even being able to fuck his own girlfriend or
wife for some time. Of course he knows that women are not merely kitten-like creatures
ready to purr at the stroke of a finger, but the more he can lie to his blind subconscious
that he is living on an ideal planet where fucking women is like picking fruit, the more pleasure
his subconscious will reward him with.  

Of course women are just as unrealistic in designing their ideal planet. They
want a world in which every man adores them, but few if any are ever allowed to show it.
Their essential nature is truly evil to men. Of course men try not to think about
that because they are ironically the only source of relief from the biological requirement to
empty their balls. Women are evil because they insist that men contradict their biological urge
to use their physical strength to have sex with any woman that pleases them. Having
negotiated that basic treaty, they now torment their opponent by walking about his camp
secure in their mind that no man will dare touch them until they give permission. Like a
starving man that must endure watching others eat. The single man must live off of scraps so small
that he humiliates himself by bending to pick them up. Scraps like diseased drug
dependent hookers or a few photographs of what real women look like. Yet if he gives in
and has a steady relationship he must endure sharing his prosperity and time on Earth
with the devil herself.  The evil is this: women want men to control themselves and behave
like them. But men are not evil because they want women to FOLLOW their biological calling
and stop trying to behave like them. This is the basic unsolvable equation that is
buried under all the social customs and taboos of modern civilization.

The subconscious minds of both sexes have found one common ground, namely the
bra. To the male subconscious she is ready to have a leash snapped on her. To the
woman's subconscious she has put up a "no-trespassing" sign to keep men from stealing
free samples. Both subconscious minds are convinced that they have defeated the
other in a war that hasn't seen a decisive battle in a thousand years. [End]

Epilogue
By now you may be thinking to yourself that whoever wrote this must be some
bitter bachelor that couldn't get laid in a women's prison if he had a handful of
pardons from the governor. I have long ago lost track of the number of women I've had physical
relationships with including several relationships lasted for many years.
Most women and many men would argue bitterly with the statements that I have expressed here.
I do not fault them because they are the voice of order. Order, but not reason. Very
few human beings ever manage to comprehend the facts which make up the walls of their
prison. These human twinkies are born, grow old and die without ever seeing the walls
which they bang their heads against every day. I have found that the creamy filling
inside a human twinkie is a concoction of misunderstandings and half truths, yet kids love
'em!


Written by Taka Hike.



--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....






