Male Model

"Wanted: One male model to pose for pictures. Some nude scenes. Apply at..."
Sounds good to me, John thought, as he took the small card off the Job Board. A
few hours posing for some "Artist", would help pay for his books. John went to
the dorm, and called. "Hello? Yes, I'm calling about the model... No, no
problem with animals... 4PM? Sure... See you then." Animals? John went to his
room, showered, changed, and left a note for Mark. "Might be late for Beers...
Got a 2-Hour stint... John" As the lad got on his bicycle, he still wondered
about that line. "Are you allergic or afraid of large animals?" It made him
wonder....

Maybe he was going to be a star in one of those underground films, where a guy
and a dog screw some gal, at the same time... Hah! I should get so lucky, he
thought. Between class fees, lab fees, and books, John hadn't a spare penny for
2 weeks... And that was about the last time he'd gotten laid. Oops... Almost
missed the street.... Ah, 1227 Blackwater. A fairly large house, but nothing
special about it. "De Lau Studios".... And I'm the dean. But, he needed the
money, so John got off his cycle, and rang the bell.

A tall gentleman answered. He had on jeans, and a shirt. Certainly didn't look
like a weirdo... "Please come in." He ushered the young man into a hall, helped
him park is bike, and led him to a large, well lit room. On one side was a
large set of curtains with various scenes painted upon them. The man gave him a
clip-board, with the standard release form, and left. John sat down, quickly
scanned the paper, and shrugged. It all seemed straight forward. He was going
to get $150 to let Mr. De Lau film him in the nude, with others as needed.

Well... Mr. Lau returned, with a tripod and camera. "Do you smoke...?" Hmmm...
"If you have it." Mr. Lau handed him a hand-rolled cigarette. John smelled it,
then lit it with the proffered lighter. He took a hit, and offered the man the
joint. "No, I want my head clear, to focus the camera." John took another puff,
and put it out, then hid it inside his wallet. Good stuff. He would save it for
later. John signed the paper, handed it back, and undressed. The man watched
with almost detached interest as John's youthful body was exposed. 

The curtains with a meadow scene were placed against one wall, and opened,
while a grass-like mat was placed on the floor. He felt the carped with his
feet. Hey, it actually felt like grass. A few "trees" were put on either side
of him, for "realism". Then Mr. Lau misted him all over with a spray bottle.
"What's this for?" "You have been swimming in a forest pond, and you are going
to lie in he sun to dry." Cool..." John waited until the camera was running,
then he walked "in", and lay on his back. Above him, a warm light shone down,
making him drowsy.

From somewhere in another room, he heard a grunt. Sleepily, he asked, "Who's
that?" "Your partner." De Lau whistled, and a bear padded out. "Max. This is
John." It moved over to where he lay. "Hey, you didn't say anything Big
Animals..." John's eyes widened, as Max grabbed both ankles. "No, but you did
sign the release, so if you want to get paid, lay still, and enjoy it..." The
bear put it's shaggy paws on the man's knees, moving closer. "Please lift your
leg... Thank You." The bear's wet nose rooted out John's balls, and a warm, wet
tongue slapped across them, as John curled one leg around the furred neck.

5 claws dug into the man's buttocks, as the animal teased the tip of John's now
stiffening cock. "Please rub your penis across Max's mouth." Grabbing his dick,
the young man slid the seeping tip back-and-forth along the muzzle, until the
black lips were shiny with pre-cum. "Please rub your chest." John ran his hands
along his tits, thumbing the nipples. "O.K. Max, go ahead." As he watched,
fascinated, the bear opened it's mouth, and slowly, torturously, swallowed all
seven inches of his erection.

The pinkish tongue slid out, and guided a fat cock-head into the warm opening.
Holding The young man down with one paw, Max proceeded to suck and nibble in
the sensitive piece of flesh. John wanted to scream, yell, drive the entire
length in to the roots, but that massive forearm held him firmly on the
"grass". Only when the bear was thoroughly satisfied that the young man
couldn't take anymore, did it allow the rest of the man-meat to slide across
it's tongue. And it kept sliding it's muzzle down, until it had buried that
twitching nose in his hairs, and those rubbery lips nestled themselves around
the thick hilt. As long as John's dick was, it barely touched the back of Max's
throat. One paw squeezed his ass, and the other rubbed his thigh, while a
furred head bobbed over his crotch.

Damn! I'm really getting off on this, John thought hazily, still playing with
his chest. A paw caressed his balls, and as they swelled, ready to explode, Max
pulled off his dick. "What?!?" The claws that were digging into his butt, now
curled around his slick cock. Now the animal jerked rapidly on his maleness,
lapping on the tip, mouth open to catch all of his cum. "Oh shit... I'm...
I'mmmm... Aaaarrrrggh!" The cock-head flared, as a wad of sperm splattered
against the back of the bear's throat. Max kept jacking, and lapping. More cum
gushed out, and was taken in by a fast moving tongue.

The bear growled deeply, and slammed both paws into the young man's thighs,
clamped it's mouth on the still-spurting manhood, and with long sucks,
punctuated with snorts, and gulps, Max drained John's balls totally. Only when
nothing came out of the cock did the bear let the shrinking dick slide out. The
young man, had two handfuls of the "grass", and his jaw was clenched so hard
his teeth almost cracked. Wow!!! He had come close to passing out... What's he
doing now?

Max had shoved his knees up, and was now sliding... John found himself with
both legs over the bear's shoulders, and both hands with a paw pressing down on
them. "What the Fu... Unnnnhhhh" A bulbous cock-head slid into his anus,
followed by a thick cock. Still reeling from his orgasm, he didn't even put up
a struggle, as Max's dick slithered in to the sheath. The animal grunted, and
licked an erect nipple, while it pressed it's hairy legs into his buttocks.

Both man and bear groaned, then Max started smoothly buggering John, who found
his hands free. One paw held a leg up, so Mr. Lue could get a better shot of
the bear-cock pumping the man's tanned ass, while Max teased first one, then
the other teat. John, finding both hands free, rubbed the animal's fore-legs,
neck, ears, and whatever else he could reach. The more the bear fucked him, the
hornier he became. Must be the weed, he thought, yelping, as Max bent double,
and sucked on his erection.

The funny part was his head wasn't fuzzy at all. He could feel everything...
the cock moving in his anus, the tongue rubbing the underside of his cock-head,
the paw rubbing his tit. Max growled around the dick, and as John's second
orgasm washed over him, he felt the huge head swell inside him. Bear cum, warm
and sticky, sprayed his intestines. John lay back and absorbed it all. Again,
the animal didn't stop sucking until the young man's balls were drained. But,
this time, so was the bear's. They hung in their leathery sac, emptied into an
anus that had tried to pull Max's cock out by the roots.

The bear disappeared into another room, while Mr. De Lue helped John get
cleaned up, and dressed. Groggily, he took his pay, and made his way back to
the Dorm.
........

Once again, John was in the Studio, but this time he was on "all fours". Max
padded up to him from behind, and lapped at his balls, then licked and nibbled
on the young man's ass. John graoned. "Come on, Big Boy, Fuck Me!" The bear put
a paw on either side of him, and he could feel the fur tickle his butt, and
back, as Max covered him. The young man groaned under the weight of the horny
animal. The bear grunted, and John felt the seeping tip of a huge cock slidimg
around his ass-crack, searching... "Unnnhhhhh!" And finding his puckered anus.
One paw latched onto John's thigh, holding him steady, while hard, thick inches
of bear-cock slid into his willing passage. John shook his head. Damn, But that
felt good! At last Max was in to the hilt, ballsac rubbing ballsac. The paw
that was holding onto the man's thigh slid acros, and curled around John's
erect dick.

Yow!!! Now, as The horny bear slid out, 5 claws slid the length of his cock.
They squeezed the sensitive tip, then pulled back, as Max humped deep into the
human. John was awash with sexual feelings. He couldn't believe it... He was
really getting turned on! "Oh Shit! Oh, Yeah!! Fuck Me Silly, You Big-Dicked
Bastard!!!" John's arms gave out, and he fell on his face, hips still pumping
into the bear's groin. His orgasm came like a wildfire, lighting up his nervous
system, with pinpoints of extasy. A feather tickled his nose. He sneezed... And
found himself in bed, humping the sheets.

A feather had worked it's way loose from his pillow, and had awakened him. John
shook his head, and pulled free of the sticky cloth. Damn... What Time is it?
4:30?!? Ohhh, Shit! Wait a minute... Today's Saturday. He re-checked his watch.
ep, Saturday... John gave a rueful grin, and pulled the sheets off his bed.
Needed washing anyway. He jumped in the shower, and dressed. Ouch! His balls
ached, but it was a good ache. 

John got on his bike, and pedaled down to the local bar. He paid up his Bar-
Tab, which suprised just about everybody, and sat down gingerly with a beer.
His "Good" friend Mark came over. "Wow, Man! You look beat. Rough Night ?" John
grinned, and sipped his beer. "You don't know the half of it, man..." Mark
grinned at him. "Ummm... You know, man... I have been looking a way to make
some bread too..." Good ol' Mark, always bumming something... "Sure, man. I
think I have a line on a job... One Minute..." He got up, and went over to the
telephone. "Mmmm, dede... Hello? Mr. De Lau... Yes, It's me... John... Ummm,
Say I was wondering If you needed someone to make another picture... Well, you
see I have a friend who's interested... Tuesday?", he looked at Mark, and a
picture formed of Max fucking his room-mate, while that mouth vacuumed his cock
again..."No, no Tuesday will be fine... See you then... Thanks, Bye"

"Well?" John smiled. Well, ass-hole, I am about to get even for all the trouble
you caused me... "All set. Next Tuesday... It's a photog gig. Oh, I hope you
don't mind being nude." Mark grinned, "The guy likes naked men?" "No, But a
friend of his does..." And how! "All riiight!" With that out of the way, they
got down to discussing serious matters. "Ummm... Say man, have you gotten laid
lately?" John sipped his beer. "Like never before, man, Like never before..."
And that was certainly the truth!


