(c) Copyright 1997 Darkman.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author, Darkman.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





Mandy 

Written by Darkman

Chapter 2




Later that evening Mandy came back home with her little friend Joyce in
tow. She said Daddy can Joyce stay all night tonight ?
I figured what the hell Chris her brother was staying with friends tonight
and Jane wouldn't be home till around midnight.Anyway with Joyce here it
would ensure that nothing
else would happen between him and his daughter. I told her "Well I guess it
would be alright if it is OK with her mother. Mandy squealed hug my neck
and said Oh thank you daddy. Her a Joyce ran off to Mandy's room to
listen to records. I sat around watching the tube. I decided to get a beer
from the fridge. As I was walking down the hall past Mandy's room I heard
them giggling. I smiled, teenaged girls, and proceeded on to get my beer. I
got my beer and started walking back to the living room. I paused by
Mandy's door and put my ear to her door. It was very quite in there but I
thought that I heard kissing sounds, Na couldn't be.
I went back to watching T.V. but I kept think about Mandy and her perfect
body and the kissing sounds I had heard. I was thumbing through the T.V.
guide and I noticed that Ren & Stimpy would be coming on in a minute. So
I hollered for Mandy. She answered Coming daddy and in about 2 minutes
she came into the Living room. I noticed that she looked alot like she had
just cum. I ask Mandy "what are you and Joyce doing in your room." Mandy
said "Oh nothing really daddy, you can look through the soy hole if you
don't believe me, with that she smiled and ran back to her room.
Well I tried to forget about it but it was like Mandy had some hold over
me. Shortly I got up and went to check out the "Spy hole." I didn't expect to
be able to see anything what with that poster hanging over the hole. As I
walked towards the closet I could tell that there was light coming through
the hole from Mandy's side. My heart started beating fast and my nuts
tweaked.
I bent down and peered through the hole and man oh man the sight that I
saw. There was Mandy sitting on the edge of her bed, naked with her legs
spread, I couldn't see that delicious pussy because Joyce's head was blocking
my view. There was my daughter sitting on her bed strip naked with her girl
friend also naked licking her cunt for all she was worth. I noticed that
Mandy kept staring at the hole in her wall. I decided to let her know that I
was there so I stuck the tip of my finger through the hole and quickly
replaced it with my eye. Mandy was smiling towards me. She told Joyce
"suck my tittes now while I play with you. Joyce stood up so her little
budding tits were even with Mandys mouth.
I couldn't see what Mandy was doing with her mouth But I did see her
fingers peek out through Joyce's legs as she stroked her pussy. Joyce was
bucking her hips and really getting into it. Mandy then told Joyce. "Sit down
I want to lick your cunny" Joyce sat down and Mandy sat next to her. I had
an unobstructed view Of both Mandy and Joyce's cunts. Joyce's cunt was
completely bald although it did appear to have a fine coating of peach fuzz.
Her titties were about the size of golf balls, just beginning to form. She
turned me on almost as much as Mandy does. I took my cock out of my
pants and continued to watch the show taking place before me. Mandy
pushed Joyce's legs wide apart and ran her finger up and down her pussy.
Mandy then bent over and proceeded to lick Joyce's pussy with her tongue.
Joyce lasted about two minutes before she came. Aftershe had cum her and
Mandy kissed and Mandy told Joyce "I guess we had better take our
showers. I didn't want Joyce to see with come out of my room with a raging
hard on so I finished milking my cock and once it had gone down I
returned to the living room. After a few minutes Mandy and Joyce came out
of the bathroom and into the living room. I ask them if they had fun
listening to records Joyce blushed but my Horny daughter just smiled. We
watched a little T.V. and I decided, about 11:00PM to go on to bed. As I
kissed Mandy goodnight I told her "Mandy honey, don't cover that hole up,
ok" She said "OK daddy" Joyce just looked perplexed. I went on to bed and
dreamed about what I had saw my horny daughter do with her girl friend. I
couldn't believe how forward Mandy had become towards me in the sex
department. Shit I knew grown women who weren't as forward and open
about sex as Mandy is at just 14.
Later that night I woke up as Jane joined me in bed. I was as horny as a 16
year old boy from everything that had happen to me today. So as Jane laid
down I spread her legs and moved my head towards her cunt. I wanted to
eat her out and have her suck me while I pretended that it was me and
Mandy. Jane grabbed my head and said no just please fuck me. I thought it
a little strange because Jane always enjoyed it when I licked her pussy. But I
didn't think anymore about it until I eased my cock into her already wet
cunt. Shit if I didn't know better I would think that her cunt was already full
of cum. No matter I fucked Jane hard and fast ramming my cock to the hilt
in her pussy on each stroke.
In about 4 minutes I shot what little cum I had left in my nuts into Jane's
already soaked pussy. We kissed and I drifted off to sleep. dreaming about
Mandy and Joyce although I had a nagging feeling in the back of my mind.
I woke up the next morning bright and early with a raging piss hardon it
was pretty early and I had to piss bad so I just jumped up out of bed and
proceeded to the bathroom without bothering to put my sweats on. I
listened to at the door to see if anyone else was up. It was quite so I walked
on to the bathroom. As I turned the corner I ran straight into Chris who
was coming out of the bathroom at the same time. I was embarrassed
because here I stood in front of my 15 year old son strip naked and with my
cock standing at full attention. I told Chris that I didn't think anyone else
was up. Chris just stood there with a funny look on his face staring at my
cock. Finally he said.. Uh that's alright dad, no problem, I mean we're both
guys. I said yes I guess your right, but I was feeling strange just the same.
Shit Chris had never took his eyes off off my cock. I had to piss so no time
to think about that now. I went on into the bathroom and took what felt
like about a 2 minute piss. I grabbed a towel and put it around my waist
before I stepped back out into the hallway. As I was walking towards my
bedroom I noticed that Chris had his door opened part way, shit it looked
like he was peeking through the crack. Must be something wrong with that
boy.
Anyway I went back to bed and caught a couple more hours sleep.
We had planned a family picnic for today so Jane woke me up at around
9:00AM. We all puttered around the house, getting ready until about Noon.
Mandy asked if it would be alright if Joyce went along also. I told her that it
would be fine and that if Joyce's mom didn't have anything else planned she
could come along also. Joyce's mother is a looker. She stands about 5'4"
Black hair and a set of tits that would cause a grown man to cry.
Her ass was perfect at least in a tight pair of jeans. Joyce and Mandy ran
over to Joyce's house to ask permission and to see if Joyce's mom wanted to
come also.
After about 10 minutes the girls returned with Joyce's mom in tow. She had
on a halter top tight cut off shorts and a big smile. She said that she
welcomed the chance to get out if the house for a few hours. I just sat there
and stared. finally  
Jane said "Don't you think we better get going?" I snapped out of my trance
jumped up and started grabbing stuff to put in the car. As I went out the
back door I heard Jane and Joyce's mom bust out laughing. A wondered
what in the hell they were laughing about. I knew that Jane knew Carol but
I didn't think that they were big friends. Boy was that thought about to
change. With the car finally loaded I told everybody to climb in. We all
piled in the car. Me, jane and Mandy in the front and Joyce, Chris and carol
in the back. The trip to the lake takes about an hour. After about 30
minutes of driving and listening to Joyce and Carol chat like old school
chums I felt a hand on my right leg. My cock began to instantly grow. I
looked down and sure enough there was Mandy's hand inching it's way up
towards my cock. I quickly pushed her hand away but I thought that I saw
Jane looking out of the corner of my eye. Mandy just giggled and started
playing with the radio. The rest of the trip was uneventful. We arrived at
the leg and were pleased to find that it wasn't very crowded. We unloaded
the car and with everyone carting something off we went to look for a nice
spot for our picnic. After about five minutes of looking we found a very nice
spot that was fairly secluded and had a fair amount of shade. The girls
spread out the blanket's and arranged everything while me and chris went to
look for some firewood. We didn't walk far before we found plenty. We got
back to our picnic site. and I started the fire for the burgers. The girls
decided that they were going to take a swim while the fire was getting ready
for cooking. I said ok, stretched out on the blanket grabbed a beer and
watched the girls. Man I tell you the sight of those girls was something. the
stiffness in my cock was getting hard to conceal. The girls found a bush that
they could change cloths behind and headed for it. I watched out of the
corner of my eye while those 4 lusichous females stripped and changed into
their swimsuits. I couldn't see their naked bodies but the mere thought of
what was going on behind those bushes was enough. They were all giggling
and joking around. One by one they exited from behind the bushes heading
for the lake. Mandy was first she was wearing a hot pink two piece swim suit
that did nothing to hide her body. The top of the suit barely covered her tits
and the bottoms were so tight that you could clearly see the out line of her
pussy lips. Shit this was going to be a long day. I knew that if the rest of the
girls looked anything like Mandy that I was going to have to go jack off.
Next was Joyce. she was wearing a one piece bathing suit. Although her tits
weren't very big yet I could see that her nipples were hard. Jane can out
from behind the bushes. she had on a green two piece bathing suit that
really accented her body. The top was cut so low that I could almost see the
brown of her nipples. A last but not least was Carol. She had on a blue two
piece bathing suit. Man her body was perfect. I could tell that she either
didn't have much pussy hair or kept it closely trimmed. Her tits were
perfect. They were about 38D's and from the looks of them they didn't sag
in the least. They all played in the lake for awhile. I noticed that chris didn't
seem to be interested in them in the least. I thought back on what had
happened this morning when chris saw my hard cock and I remember the
look on his face. Shit if I didn't know better I would think that he wanted to
suck it. Man sex was the only fucking thing that I could think about
anymore. I ask chris why he wasn't swimming. he mumbled something about
not bringing his swim suit. I noticed that he kept stealing glances at my
crotch. After a few minutes the fire was ready and I cooked the burgers.
Once they were done I hollered for the girls. They left the water and walked
up to the picnic site. My fucking cock almost exploded once I got a look at
those wet beauties. Carol's suit was made of a material that turns almost
transparent when it gets wet. I could clearly see her nipples and her slit. I
was right she kept it shaved. They all sat down while they dried their hair.
Jane and carol never stopped talking. A couple of times jane caught me
looking at carols body. Finally Jane said,
Carol you look really hot in that bathing suit your body is perfect, what do
you think ? Shit my teeth almost fell out of my mouth. A stammered and
said yes she does look pretty hot. Jane said to carol. look there, he means
what he says. I almost passed out. there was my wife pointing at my hard
cock telling another woman to look. My face must have turned three shades
of red. The girls busted out laughing and started talking like nothing had
happen. Man I wasn't going to be able to take much more of this before my
cock explodes. Just then Jane reached over to Mandy and grabbed her tit.
Jane said Damm Mandy we better get you a new swimsuit your falling out
of this one. Mandy giggled and blushed slightly. Carol said "you now Jane,
Mandy is going to be a real looker as soon as her body has finished filling
out. I tell you I was going nuts. Here I was sitting outside with four girls, all
in bathing suits. They were all sitting cross legged and I could make out the
line of each of their slits. I think they knew what kind of effect they were
having on me. Or maybe it was wishful thinking on my part. Just then Chris
stood and said that he was going to use the rest room. The park had a few
of those restrooms scarreted throughout the park. It was about a five minute
walk to the closest one. By this time everyone had finished eating and the
girls were cleaning up. I laid back and watched the show. I'm pretty sure
that they knew that they were driving me crazy. 
Carol would bend over right in front of me to pick something up and I had
an unobstructed view of her tits through the thin material of her swimsuit.
Mandy bent over in front of me to get the ice chest and as she did so her
left tit came right out of her top. She moved her hand up to put it back in
but before she did so she rubbed her nipple about four times. As she was
doing she Joyce reached over and goosed Mandy. Mandy jumped and
almost ended up in my lap. Joyce laughed as Mandy got up. Mandy jumped
for Joyce and they both went to the ground. Wrestling and laughing. Jane
and carol were watching and laughing also. Jane told Mandy "get her" as
Carol was egging Joyce on. It wasn't long before Joyce had pulled Mandy's
top clear up exposing both of the beautiful titties. Joyce then said "Don't let
her get away with that!" mandy and Joyce locked into a wrestling position.
Mandy trying to pull Joyce's top down and Joyce trying to stop her. Neither
was making any head way. Jane told Mandy "Don't be a whimp.get her!" I
couldn't believe that these two grown women were standing here telling
their daughters to rip each others cloths off. Just then Carol reached over
and pulled Janes top down exposing her tits. with that jane grabbed carol's
top and pulled it clear off, exposing what I know knew for sure were two of
the most perfect tits I had ever seen. They were huge and defied gravity.
they stood straight out and didn't sag one bit. Carol and Jane began to
wrestle and just when it was getting good. We heard a boat pulling up. the
girls stopped what they were doing and quickly pulled their cloths on. Jane
looked at me and with a very shy looked turned and headed for the water.
Carol said "Good idea Jane I think we all need cooling off. with that all four
of then went back and began swimming. I had to find some release for my
cum filled nuts. If they had wrestled much longer I would have jumped on
one of them and fucked the shit out of her. I began looking around for a
place to empty my nuts. Then I thought, I guess the only safe place would
be the public restroom. I stood and began walking which was no easy task
considering that I had a raging hard on. My hardon subsided about 2
minutes into my walk. I arrived at the rest room and walked in. There were
3 stalls and 2 guys waiting. I didn't want to wait in the rest room because it
smelled pretty bad. So I stepped outside to wait. After about 5 minutes one
guy came out and quickly walked away down the path. it wasn't until about
5 minutes after that that a second guy came out. I was beginning to wonder
what in the hell was taking so long when another guy exited the restroom.
He looked at me and said pretty busy in there today. I thought to myself.
"What the fuck is his problem." Oh well I entered the restroom and found
that the stall on the end next to the wall was open. I entered it, locked the
door and dropped my pants letting my cock finally loose from it's confines.
As I grabbed my cock with my hand and sat down i then noticed that
someone had cut a hole in the stall wall. Someone had written above the
hole "Show hard for a great blowjob." Shit I had heard rumors about this
sort of thing but this was my first closehand account. I couldn't imagine
sticking my cock through a hole in a wall and letting some unknown person
suck it. I tried to look in the hole without being too obvious. I couldn't see
a damm thing. I sat there for a few minutes with my now hard cock in my
hand wondering what to do now. Fuck it. if some queer wanted to watch me
jackoff fine. All I knew was that I had to unload my nuts before they
exploded. I began to slowly stroke my cock, thinking about the show the
girls had just put on for me and I was really getting into it when I looked at
the hole in the wall and saw an eye looking back at me. I just tried to forget
about about it and concentrate on getting off. Just then I heard a small
scratching sound. I looked at the hole again expecting to see the eye. but it
had been replaced with someones hand. The guy had his hand stuck through
the wall and was making a jacking off motion with his fist. I thought for a
few seconds and decided what the fuck. a hard cock has no conscience. I
stood as the hand withdrew into the hole. I stepped forward and stuck my
hard cock through the hole. I was surprised to find that the hole was big
enough for me to stick not only my cock through the hole but my balls as
well. Just as I had stuck my cock and balls through the hole I felt a very soft
hand gently caress my nuts as a warm mouth slid over the head of my cock.
I almost came right then. I wanted this to last a little longer so I held back.
The mouth engulfed my cock clear up to the base. This is the first time that
anyone had ever done that too me. I'm not any john holmes but my cock is
8 inches long and pretty thick. As the mouth began to moved back and forth
over my shaft
I could tell that this was one talented cock sucker. I knew also that I wasn't
going to be able to hold back much longer. I had heard alot about being
deep throated but I never knew that it could be this good. I felt that feeling
down in my nuts and I knew that I was going to shoot and hot load into this
strangers belly. He got about two more strokes with his mouth on my cock
and I felt his hand tighten on my nuts as I began to cum. I was shooting in
this guys mouth and I could tell that he was swallowing it all. Once I was
done pumping my load the mouth quickly withdrew from my still hard cock.
I heard the stall door open and foot steps running away. I sat down very
hard because my legs were to shaky to support me any longer. I was glad
that the guy took off, I really didn't fancy meeting him face to face. As I sat
there on the stool waiting for my cock to get soft and my heart to slow
down. I heard the stall door open again and someone came in. After a few
second the guy in the next stall stuck his hard cock through the hole into my
stall. The cock was hard and about 6 inches long. I figured that it was the
guy that had sucked me off coming back for payment. No thanks! I ain't
sucking no cock. I quickly stood pulled up my pants and left the restroom. I
had walked for about three minutes when I realized that I had to take a
dump. Fuck it too late now I damm sure wasn't going back to that restroom.
I got back to the picnic area and found that Chris, mandy and jane were
loading the car. I looked at my watch. SHIT I had been gone for over an
hour! nobody said anything. Carol smiled at me and said "I hope that the
walk did you some good. withthat Mandy, Joyce and Jane broke out into big
smiles. I noticed that chris seemed alittle upset. Damm I think that boy
needs some professional help. I ask him if everything was alright. He said
"Ya everything is fine why wouldn't it be fine?" Damm chris I just asked. he
said "sorry dad I guess all this fresh air makes me a little tired. I said well
you did get up pretty early this morning. Chris mellowed and said "ya I
guess I did at that." I noticed that his face had flushed a bright red. We all
piled in the car and on the way back a thousand thoughts kept running
through my head. I thought about how forward Jane was being today, how
friendly she was being towards carol, about the blow job in the restroom
and chris's serious attitude change lately.

We finally made it home. Carol and Joyce made their goodbyes and walked
towards their house. Man would I like to slide my hard cock inbetween
those big tits, while her daughter licked my asshole. I wish I could Snap the
fuck out of it these thought weren't right. With that I remembered back to
the scene I had watched through the spy hole when Mandy and Joyce had
ate each others pussy's. Shit my cock was getting hard again. I was going to
fuck the living shit out of jane tonight that was one thing for sure.  

The rest of the day passed slowly. Mandy ran off to play with Joyce, Chris
went to his room and pouted I guess. Me and Jane were sitting in the living
room when she ask if I had had fun today. I told her that I sure did and
that she looked good enough to eat in that bathing suit. Jane said "Ya and I
saw you looking at Carol, Mandy and Joyce with that look in your eye too. 
I told her. "Damm honey I'm only human, you three were running around
with next to nothing on shit you don't really expect me not to look do you?"
Jane smiled and said "I'm not upset Jim."
I asked her what all that tit exposing stuff was about. Jane said "Oh you
know just girls having fun. that Carol is one good looking women isn't she?"
I said yes. Jane said you know I think Mandy will be better looking. I said
"If her looks at 14 are any indication we would have to buy a gun to keep
the boys away." Jane laughed. You know that Joyce might turn out pretty
good also. I said If her mother is any indication she would be damm fine."
We sat and watched T.V. until about 8:30PM. Mandy came home around
7:00PM took a shower and went off to her bedroom. God knows what she
had been up too. Oh, well as long as she is careful. At 8:30PM Jane said
that she wanted to go to bed and fuck. I jumped at the chance. She went on
in the bedroom while I secured the house for the night. As I was locking the
front door I glanced over at Carol's house. I could see that her bedroom
light was on while the rest of the house was dark. Carol was a little strange.
I mean that here was a fantastic looking woman, with a daughter and a
good job. yet I never see her get any men callers to her house. Shit come to
think of it I had never seen anybody over at her house. It was a damm
shame letting a body like hers that was just made for sex go to waste like
that. I locked the door and went on to the bedroom. When I got there I saw
that Jane had put a tape into the VCR. She was laying on the bed with her
legs spread. one hand fingering her slit while the other rubbed her nipple. I
looked over at the spy hole. I could tell that Mandy was watching her
mother. I said "Hey don't wait for me. Jane said "Shit I have been hot all
day hurry up. I started to get undressed, I looked at the T.V. and saw the
scene that Jane was masturbating too was a scene of two women fucking
one guy. THe guy was laying back while one of the gals sucked his cock and
the other gals licked her pussy. This kind of shit really turned me on. but
then again what didn't turn me on anymore? I dove right in and started
eating Janes pussy. I licked her clit and fingered her hole until she had cum.
Once she had cum I crawled up and sunk my full eight inches into her juicy
cunt. I fucked her until I couldn't hold back then I let go with a hot load.
This load was pretty small considering that I had just blew my nuts a few
hours earlier. As me and Jane laid there and smoked a cigerrett Jane
reached down and stuck her fingers in her pussy. She often did this, why I
don't know , it was just something that she like to do. She said. "Damm jim
I expected a bigger load from you. I watched you walk around witha hardon
most of the day. I made some lame excuse while Jane laid there and smiled.
I watched the T.V. the scene now was two girls 69ing while some guy
pumped his cock in and out of the girl on top asshole. My cock started to
become interested again. Jane said. Jim that two girls and one guy shit really
turns you on doesn't it? I said ya it did very much so. Jane then said
something that floored me. She said How would you like to try that
sometime? I said hell yes I would in a heart beat. Jane patted my cock and
said who knows maybe one day it will happen. I thought about it and
decided that I didn't even know my wife anymore. Shit in the last 6 months
she had really changed. It started one day when we were driving to the
shopping mall. Jane had on a dress, she reached over grabbed my hand and
put it under her dress. What I found had surprised me. she wasn't wearing
any underwear! Jane had always been very reserved when it came to sex but
I was glad for the change. As we were shopping that day Jane was trying on
dresses when she told me to come into the changing booth with her. It
surprised me but I did. When I get in there with her. She whispered in my
ear "Fuck me, right here, right now" I did as she asked and fucked her
standing up in a clothing store changing booth. Ya Jane had really changed
lately. Anyway I was tired and went on to sleep. 
Nothing sexual happen for about the next week. Jane was on the rag and
Mandy had not made any moves towards me at all. Maybe our little game
was over and just a short phase she was going through. I was a little sad but
it was for the best shit I could go to jail for doing that kind of shit.  The
next Friday night Jane took both of the kids to visit their grandmother and
wouldn't be back until late Saturday night or early Sunday morning. I kicked
around the house doing odds and ends all day. It had been hotter than hell
all day. That evening after the sun went down it got pretty cool outside. I
decided to grab a beer go out into the yard and enjoy the cool night air. I
had sat out there for about a half an hour when for no reason my thoughts
turned to sex. I sat there and thought back on the escapades I had had with
Mandy, the day at the lake and the shit Jane had said that night about the 3
way with another girl. I was tempted to pull my cock out right there and
beat off. It was dark and no one could see me unless they walked up into
the yard. Just as I started to reach for my zipper I saw the light in Carols
bedroom go on. I really couldn't see anything but shadows. I thought , Now
where did I out those damm binoculars ? I couldn't remember I think I let
chris use them. I got up to check out chris's room. I was going through the
closet. I didn't find the binoculars but I did find a black case. I opened it
wondering what it the hell it contained. Once I had it opened I found that it
had about 25 small glass vials in it. I picked up one of the vials and saw that
it had a small white label on it with the date written in hand. I looked
through the glass and the vials contents and what I saw really disturb me.
The vials had a white liquid substance in it. I'll be dammed if it didn't look
just like cum. That was the last straw. Chris was going to see a psychirist. A
16 year old boy is gonna jack off and maybe even stare at his own daddy's
cock but keeping his cum in a glass vial with the date on it just wasn't right.
I put the vial back and replaced the black case to it's original position. I
would talk to Jane later about this but right now I had a mission. Once I
had determined that I couldn't find the binoculars I had decided that I
would just take a little stroll over to Carol's house and see if I could get
another peek at these fine tits. I went back out in the yard looked over at
Carol's house. I saw that now not only was her bedroom light on but so was
her bathroom light. I started sneaking over to her house. As I got closer I
could hear that her shower was running. Shit I think I am going to get
lucky. I might get to see her totally naked. I walked up to her window and
ducked down show just my eyes and the top of my head were over the
window ledge. I had a totally unobstructed view of her entire bedroom. Now
if she will only leave the curtains open and do her changing in her bedroom.
After a few minutes I heard the shower turn off. My heart raced. The
bathroom door opened and out walked Carol drying her hair and naked as
the day she was born. Man she was indeed perfect. I drank in the site of
her. the way her tits swayed when she walked. I noticed that her pussy
appeared to have been freshly shaved. man would I love to dive inbetween
those milky white legs. I could eat that sweet pussy until she couldn't stand
it no more. I reached down and let my hard cock out of my shorts.
I began to slowly pump my cock as I watched Carol sit on her bed and
finish drying her hair. After a few seconds Carol opened the drawer of her
night stand and took out a long black dildo. God, I must be living right! I
was going to get to watch this prime piece of ass fuck herself with a dildo.
Carol laid back on her bed with her legs spread, turned the dildo on and
began to rub it along her slit. I could see from my position that she was
already wet. I heard another noise and looked towards her bedroom door. It
opened and in walked Joyce. she was naked also. I looked back at Joyce, I
expected that she would try to hide the dildo from her daughter. She didn't
I heard her say. Hi Joyce, your just in time. Joyce giggled and walked
toward her mother. Carol said come her Joyce and lick mommy's pussy.
Joyce crawled inbetween her mothers legs and began to eat her mothers
pussy. Carol spread her legs wider and said. "Yes, baby make mommy's
pussy feel good. I saw that now not only was Joyce licking her mothers
pussy she was also fingering her own pussy. I shot my load right against
Carol's house. and even though I had cum already I couldn't take my eyes
off of the scene that was taking place before me. After a few minutes Carol
started grabbing the bed and bucking her pussy against her daughters
mouth. As carol came she grabbed her daughters head and pushed her face
deeper into her cunt. Once Carol had cum Joyce raised up and Carol kissed
her straight on the mouth. Carol then began to finger her daughters pussy.
It wasn't too long before Carol said "Turn around honey mommy wants to
eat you now. Joyce swung her juvenile hips around and lowered her bald
pussy directly onto her mothers waiting lips. I could see Carols tongue
running up and down Joyces slit. It wasn't long before Joyce dropped her
mouth to her mothers shaved pussy and began to eat her mother again.
After a few minutes I could tell that they both were getting ready to cum.
Carol started humping her daughters mouth again on the way to another big
cum while Joyce grounded her bald pussy into her mothers face as they
came together. I didn't realized it until I had shot another load onto the
side of the house that I had never stopped jacking off. I quickly zipped up
my pants and headed for my house. I got there just as the telephone started
ringing. It was Jane she had called to tell me that they would be back home
in the morning. I told her that that was ok I would see her then. She asked
me then if I remembered what we had talked about the other night. I was at
a loss. She then said you know the talk about the three way. I said yes I
remember it. she then asked if I was still interested. I said hell ya whenever
she was ready. She said that she loved me and that we would talk about it
later. I hung up the telephone
and tried to slow my thoughts down. Shit this was too much. I had just
watched my next door neighbor eat her own daughters bald pussy and now
my wife was talking about setting up a three way with another girl. I don't
know what it was but I must be living right. It seemed like the more sex I
got the more I wanted. I decided then that I was going to get all that I
could wherever I could. Just then I heard a knock on the door. I snapped
out of my trance looked towards the back door and there I saw Joyce
standing. She was wearing a sweat suit and she was smiling. I went to the
door and said. He joyceie Mandy isn't here, she's with her mom. Joyce
smiled and said Ya I know, My mom wanted me to come over here and ask
you if you could lend her a hand for a minute. I said yes. with that Joyce
laughed and ran off. What the hell was up with her I wondered.  My heart
was racing. How was I going to be able to look Carol in the eye this soon
after I had watched her having sex with her daughter? Oh well, I proceeded
to walk over to Carols house. I noticed that her bedroom light was still on. I
didn't even look towards it as I walked to her back door. I knocked on the
door and heard Carol say. Just a minute.
I waiting and after a few seconds Carol came to the door. She was dressed
in a silk robe that clung to the curves of her body. My cock was getting hard
again. I said Joyceie said that you needed my help. Carol smiled and said
"Yes I do Jim, come on in."
I walked in and noticed that Joyce was no where around. I could smell the
fresh pussy in Carols house.I sat down at the kitchen table where carol had
sat. I ask her what she needed. She said, "Well Jim I have a small problem
that only you can help me with. I said I'm listening. You could cut the
tension in the room with a knife. Carol went on. "You see it appears that
while I was getting dressed in my bedroom after my shower that somebody
peeped in on me." Oh shit here it comes, how in the hell was I going to
explain this to Jane?. I asked Carol, "How do you know that did you see
them? Carol said "You bet I did Jim, I even went out and checked and he
left some evidence behind. With that she placed a towel on the table. I
could tell that it had been used to wipe up somebody's cum. I stammered a
little and said. So Carol did you get a good look at him ? She got up and
said come with me. I followed her outside around the house towards her
bedroom window. when we got there she pointed up the the roof and said
"See that?" I looked up and yes I saw it. Carol had mounted a small camera
on her house. It was hooked to a pole that was stuck through her attic vent.
Carol then said,, come with me Jim let me show you what I caught on film.
Shit I was defiantly sunk now. She was in total control. I followed her back
into the house without saying a word. I wondered what she was up to. Hell,
if she called the cops on me I would tell them about her and her daughter
having sex. But then again the cops probely wouldn't believe me, they would
just think that I was some pervert trying to lie out of a jam. We went into
Carols living room. She told me to sit on the couch as she turned on the
T.V. She sat in a chair across from me. The picture came on the screen. It
showed me sneaking up to her windows. pulling my cock out and start to
jack off. I Told carol. you don't have to show me anymore I get the picture.
Carol said. just watch the T.V. I watched the whole thing. That damm
camera didn't miss a fucking stroke. There I was kneeling on my knees
stroking my cock for all it was worth and blowing two loads onto the side of
Carols house. When the film was over. I looked at Carol and she said. don't
worry Jim this is our little secret but in order for me to keep it I need you
to do a little something for me. I was getting the picture quickly now. I told
Carol that I would do anything she ask of me and not to worry because I
wouldn't reveal her little secret either. With that Carol stood up, dropped
her robe to the floor. She stood there in front of me naked. my cock was
having fits. I had never cum three times in such a short span of time but it
sure looked like I was going to give it a try. I started to move towards Carol
and she stopped me. She said just sit there and watch, you like to watch so
much just do that, I don't want you to touch me. Shit I knew there was
something strange about this woman. and my heart sank although my cock
didn't. Carol placed one of her hands onto her perfect tits and began to
pinch and rub the nipple. She took her other hand and slowly slid it down
her belly finally resting on her shaved pussy mound. She began to
masturbate while I sat there watching. After a few minutes I could tell that
she was getting close to cumming again. Damm I really wanted to suck on
that sweet pussy. She brought herself close to cumming and stopped her
rubbing. She looked at me and said "take off your cloths." I did so quickly
thinking that I was finally going to get some of that sweet body. Once I had
stripped I was standing there in front of her naked with my cock standing
straight out to it's full 8 inches. She looked at my cock and said "I thought
that you were hung but I had no idea that it would be that big."
I smiled and moved towards her. She said "No stay where your at I'll let you
know what I want you to do." I was frustrated but I had to play it cool if I
was going to be able to sink my cock in to this fine piece of ass. She then
turned around, bent over showing me her asshole. She then started rubbing
her pussy again and said. Come over here and tongue fuck my asshole. I
quickly buried my face in her ass cheeks. I figured that before to long I
could move my tongue attentions to her pussy. Who knows maybe I would
get some of this yet. I used my tongue to fuck her asshole while she stroked
her pussy. Everytime I would move my tongue closer to her pussy she would
move and tell me to stop. Man this bitch was killing me. After a few
minutes she started cumming as she did so I moved my tongue and stuck it
in her pussy. She groaned and came hard on my face. After she had cum
she turned around and ordered me to sit on the couch. I sat on her couch
with my legs spread and my cock pointing straight up. She sat back down
and said that wasn't what I brought you over here for. I then ask her well
why did you bring me over here? She said "You are going to serve as a
learning tool for my daughter and don't worry if your really nice and do just
what I say maybe I'll let you fuck me afterwards. With that she reached over
and grabbed my cock giving it a couple of strokes. My mind was racing and
mile a minute. Carol then left the room and came back within a minute. She
wasn't alone she had joycie with her. Joyce was naked and I could see from
the glisting on her cunt lips that she was already wet, her nipples were as
hard and stuck straight out. They both came over to where I was sitting and
sat on the floor between my out stretched legs. Carol said "Joyce this is a
cock and it's ready for fucking. With that she took her daughters hand and
placed it on my cock. Her little hand wasn't even big enough to wrap
around my girth. Joyce started intently at my cock as her mother told her to
slowly move her hand back and forth on my cock. As Joyce did so Carol
said "what your doing now honey is called jacking off." Joyce said mommy
why is it so hard and is it always like this?" Carol laughed and said when a
"No honey they don't stay hard like that, when they get hard that means the
man is ready for sex, but you should know honey that most of them are not
as big as this one. Joyce said "You mean that they are different sizes? Carol
said yes honey most mens cocks are alot smaller." Joyce then grabbed my
nuts with her other hand and said "Mommy what are these for?" Carol told
her that those are called balls and they hold the cum." Joyce ask what cum
was and Carol explained, When a man has sex and he cums white liquid
shoots out of his cock. that is the stuff that makes babies. Joyce said
"mommy how come white stuff doesn't shoot out of are pussies whenever we
cum?" Carol said "well honey stuff does shoot when we cum it's just that it
shoots inside, that's the stuff that you leave on mommy's face after she
kisses your pussy. "Oh said Joyce. Man I was getting really close to shooting
my load. Here I was sitting here naked with a mother and daughter sitting
at my feet, the daughter jacking my cock while they sat there and discussed
eating each others pussies. Joyce ask "Mommy does his cock taste as good
as your pussy does?" Carol said no honey it doesn't taste that same but it
does taste real good. Carol then said go ahead honey put his cock in your
mouth. As Joyce leaned forward Carol said to me "You better not cum just
yet."
Joyce put her mouth on to the head of my cock. Carol then said now honey
run your tongue over the head. Lick it like an icecream cone." JOYCE then
began to do as her mother had told her. Man she was going to be one good
cocksucker. I was getting closer and closer to shooting my load into her
mouth. Carol could tell that I was getting close because she told Joyce to
stop for a minute. Joyce stopped and said " Mommy why can't I keep doing
this, I like it." Carol said "I know honey but if you keep doing that your
going to make him shoot his load and we don't want that to happen just
yet." Joyce said "Ok mommy but sucking this cock makes my pussy tingly.
Carol told Joyce "Sit on the couch next to Jim and I'll help you out. Joyce
giggled and jumped up on the couch next to me and spread her legs wide all
the while her fingers never left her cunt. Carol moved over to her daughter
and moved her hands away. Carol looked at me and said again "You better
not cum yet." Shit if I even touched my cock I was sure it would explode.
Carol lowered her mouth and began to eat her daughters cunt. After a few
seconds Carol raised up and said, "Joyce I am going to let you see the
different between when mommy sucks your pussy and when a man does it.
With that she turned to me and said' You don't have a problem doing that
for me do you? I didn't answer, I just dropped to my knees and began
kissing and sucking little Joyces titties. I kissed and sucked both tittes for a
couple of minutes then I began to slowly work my way down her small belly
towards her bald cunt. I could tell that I was having an effect on her
because she began to slowly buck her hips against my chest and neck. I
could smell her pussy and I could tell by the smell that it had been well
used tonight already. I lowered my mouth to her bald little pussy and began
to lick and suck it. I did this until little Joyce grabbed the back of my head,
pressed her cunt hard against my mouth and ground my head into her sex
pit. After she was done cumming I stood and sat on the couch again. I
looked at Carol. She was sitting on the floor with her legs spread rubbing
her cunt for all it was worth.
I reached over and laid my hand on her left tit and when she didn't tell me
to stop I moved down to where she was sitting and wrapped my lips around
her right nipple and began to suck and lick it. Carol laid back and grabbed
my ears pulling my head down to her pussy. I began to eat her sopping wet
pussy while I continued to play with her nipples.  It wasn't long before Carol
gripped my head between her legs and began to cum. Her pussy was slick
with my spit and her pussy juices. After she had cum on my face she told
me to sit back on the couch. I did as she directed. Once she had regained
her composure she said' Well Joyce how did you like that?" Joyce said
"Mommy it was different than when you do it but I loved it just the same, I
really liked the way his whiskers rubbed on my legs while he licked my
pussy." Joyce then reached over and grabbed my cock again. She
said"Mommy can I suck his cock some more?" Carol said "I would be
careful honey, because once you start licking and sucking on his cock he will
probely cum in your mouth." Joyce said "Oh goodie mommy because I really
want to taste his cum." Carol looked at me and said "You can cum now but
when you do I want you to pull back because I want her to see the cum
shoot out of your cock. I told carol that I would try. With that Joyce bent
forward and took my rock hard cock into her mouth once again. She tried
to get more of it in her mouth but because of her small mouth and my wide
cock she only succeeded in getting the head of it in her mouth. Carol took
her daughters hands and placed them on my cock and told her. "Honey jack
his cock while you suck on the head and he'll cum faster." Shit what she
didn't know was that I was getting ready to drop my load already. Joyce
started jacking my cock with both of her hands while she worked her tongue
and mouth over the head of my cock. after about a minute I told Carol.
"I'm getting close." Carol told her daughter to stop sucking me but continue
to jack my off. Joyce pulled her mouth off of my cock and continued to jack
me off. In a few seconds I felt that churning in my nuts and I knew it was
coming. I shot my load straight up into the air most of it landed on my
chest. Joyce stared at the cum flying through the air in wide eyed wonder.
She almost stopped jacking my cock when her mother told her "Honey kept
jacking him until all of the cum has come out. Joyce sat there milking my
cock and watching the cum ooze out. It oozed out of my cock and ran down
over her little hands. Once I was completely dry Joyce brought her fingers
up to her mouth and licked my cum from them. At the same time Carol
leaned forward and cleaned my cock with her mouth. I was spent. After
Joyce had licked her fingers clean she looked at her mother and said
"Mommy I love the taste of his cum its good. Carol looked at her daughter
and said "Well honey there more of it left and pointed to the globs of come
that were laying on my chest and belly. Joyce and her mother both leaned
forward and began to lick the spent cum up. After they were done Carol
told Joyce "Honey that enough of the lesson for tonight Jim need to go
home and get ready for bed." Carol then looked at me and said "I'll need
you to come back and teach my daughter what a cock in her pussy feels
like." I told Carol "I don't know if I can get my cock into your daughter, I
don't want to hurt her." Carol said "Don't worry Jim it will be fine." With
that Joyce and Carol got up and left me sitting there by myself. I got
dressed, and just before I left I removed the video tape from her VCR. I
stumbled home and fell into my bed. I was beat I had just shot three loads
in less than 3 hours and to tell the truth my cock was sore and my nuts
ached.

I fell into a deep sleep the next thing I knew I was being shaken awake by
Jane. It was about 10:30AM Once I had set up in the bed Jane said. Damm
Jim did you get drunk last night or what? I ask her what she meant. She
said Hell the back door was wide open your lawn chair is in the yard with a
full beer sitting next to it and you threw your cloths are all over the room. I
wiped the sleep out of my eyes pulled on a pair of sweats and stumbled to
the bathroom. I heard giggling coming from Mandy's room. It sounded like
Joyce was in there with her. I was too tired and worn out to care much. I
took my morning piss and dragged my ass back to my bed. I laid down and
was just starting to doze off again when suddenly my mind clicked. I didn't
remember coming home last night but I do remember taking the video tape
out of Carol's VCR. What had I done with that damm tape?? I got out of
bed and started looking around my room. Shit where did I put it?
I sure as fuck hope that Jane didn't find it. It would be kind of hard to
explain not only me jacking off next to Carol's bedroom window but how I
had gotten the tape. There it was laying on top of the T.V. I grabbed it and
put it with the rest of my tapes. I would erase it later. I thought, That damm
Carol must have set me up but no matter I was sure to get a piece of that
pussy before it was all over. Hell I might even get to fuck both of them at
once. Just thinking about Fucking Carol while her daughter licked my nuts
and her mothers clit sent the blood straight to my cock. My nuts were dry
and still hurt a little. I had to stop thinking about sex or I was going to
come myself to death. I hit the bed again and woke up about 3 hours later.
The house was quite and I was damm hungry. I got out of bed and headed
for the kitchen to grabb something to eat. I walked into the kitchen and
started to open the fridge and I saw the note that Jane had left for my
under one of the magnets. It said "Honey, me and the kids went to a movie
with Carol we'll be back around 3:00 o'clock. That was fine with me.
although the thought of Jane and Carol being together bothered me a little,
but hell there was nothing that I could do about that now. I fixed myself a
sandwhich and drank a coke. I was heading for the front room to watch a
little T.V. when the thought occured to me. "now would be a good time to
erase that tape." I went into the bedroom and plugged the tape into the
VCR I hit play and the T.V stayed blank. I pressed reverse and waited for
the tape to rewind to the begining. after about 5 minutes I relized that the
tape had more on it than I thought. Once it stopped I decided to hit play
and see what else pretty Carol had captured on the tape before she got me.
The tape started with a view of a living room that I didn't reconize. The
tape was in black and white and the angle of the filmming made me believe
that someone had hidden the camara in the living room. I saw a view of a
couch. After a few seconds I saw a man that 
looked a little familure but I couldn't place his face, enter the room and
spread a blanket out on the floor in front of the camara. He also layed what
looked like two white socks down on the blanket. At this time the man
motioned for someone to come in the living room. In trotted a huge dog. I
don't even know what kind of dog it was but it looked more like a horse.
The dog came ito the room and stood directly in front of the man. The man
then stripped down to nothing bent over and put the socks onto the dogs
front paws. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. The man stood up again
and took his cock into his hand he began to rubb it back and forth while the
dog went crazy. After a few minutes the man had gotten his cock hard and
the held it straight out towards the dog. The dog walked up and began
licking the mans cock and balls. I looked and saw that the dogs dick had
gotten hard also. It was bigger than the mans cock. And speaking of cock. as
discuting as this display was  my cock was getting hard watching this show.
After a few minutes the man layed down and pulled the dogs hips directly
over his face. I couldn't believe what I was about to see. The dogs cock was
hanging directly over the mans face and the man raised up and sucked that
dog cock directly into his mouth. The dogs ass started hummping the mans
face. Every now and then the man would pull the dog cock out of his mouth
and lick the dogs balls. I could see a steady stream of liquid comming out of
the dogs cock. I also saw that at the base of the dogs cock he had a knot as
big as a fist. Man this was unreal. After about 3 minutes the man grabbed a
bottle of something or other poured a huge glob out into his hand and
smeared it all over his ass hole. Was this true was he going to let this dog
fuck him? My question was soon answered when the man then got on his
hands and knees and backed his ass towards the dog. The dog knew just
what to do. He jumped up and put his front paws on the mans shoulders
and began hunching his ass towards the mans waiting asshole. The man
reached between the dogs legs and put that dog cock directly at the
entrance of his asshole. That was all the dog needed the dog then drove the
entire length of his cock into the mans asshole. The dog fucked the man
while the man jacked off. It wasn't too long before the man shot his load
onto the balnket he had layed out. After a few minutes more the dog pulled
his cock out of the mans ass, the dog walked out of the view of the camara
while the man just stayed there on all fours, there was something awalful
familure about the guys face but I just couldn't place him, thought that I
heard a car door shut so I quickly stopped the tape and took it out of the
VCR. I had just gotten sat down in the living room when Jane and the kids
came in the back door.  Th rest of the evening went pretty normal and it
was back to work the next day. All throughout the first three days of the
week my thought kept turning to the events that had transpired within the
last few months. I couldn't get my daughters body off of my mind, the blow
job at the lake, the shit that had happen over at Carol's house or the sneek
tape I had gotten from there. It was'nt until wednesday evening before I got
another chance to look at the tape. wednesday evening around 6:00PM Jane
grabbed Mandy and off they went to the mall to do some shopping. As soon
as the car left the parking lot and went into my room and plugged the tape
in the scene opened with that same guy in the same position then the tape
blacked out. It opened again on what appeared to be a locker room. The
view appeared to be from a locker and showed an unobstructed view of the
showers. The tape ran for about 15 seconds then all of a sudden the locker
riim fulled with teenaged girls. Some of them I reconignized from Mandy's
class. Shit this tape was taken in the locker room of my daughters juinor
high school. I watched as about 15 girls stripped and took showers. I saw
Mandy step into the shower along with the other girls. Mandy compared to
the other girls was really quite well developed. I watched as my young
daughter and her freinds took their showers. I watched how my daughters
breasts swayed as she soaped herself up. I saw girls with no titties and no
hair on their pussies, to big titted girls with very hairy pussies. I was treated
to every view of teenaged pussy that one man could ask for. My cock was
rock hard, I wanted to jackoff but I really wanted to sink my cock in a nice
warm pussy. The shower scene lasted for about 10 minutes before the tape
again went blank. After a few seconds the picture started again. This time
the view was of a different locker room. It had almost the same view of the
showers as the other one did. I thought that I was going to see another
parade of tits and pussy before me on the screen. Instead I saw about 15
boys enter the picture and began taking their showers. I was looking at the
boys who appeared to be around 15 to 17 years old. My thoughts were
confirmed when I saw Chris, my son step into the shower. I must admit he
looked like he had taken after his daddy in the dick department. I was just
getting ready to fast forward the tape when I saw a full grown man enter the
shower. I watched as the man began to soap up his body. As he turned to
face the camara I suddenly knew where I had saw the guy with the dog
before. He was my son's phiscal education teacher. I had watched this man
suck of a dog and then take that dog cock up his ass and here he was
showering with my son and his class mates. I watched this pervert in the
shower as he began to soap his cock and balls up and watched as his cock
became hard. Here was my son's teacher standing buck naked in a shower
surounded by young boys jacking off. I noticed how some of the boys would
gester and laugh at their teacher, I saw some of them quickly leave the
shower while some of the boys began to jack their own cocks along with
their teacher. I looked at each of the faces left in the shower and saw that
Chris was among those boys who decided to stay and jack off. I was
watching dumbfounded while I saw my sons teacher drop to his knees and
began to suck off the boy closest to him. The other boys gathered around
their teacher while he went from cock to cock sucking them off. As the boys
began to shoot their loads the teacher would pull their cocks out of his
mouth and let the boy loads hit him in the face. They were far enough away
from the stream of the water so that none of it was washed off. It wasn't
about five minutes until the teacher had sucked off the 8 boys who stayed in
the shower with him. After he had sucked the last boy off the teacher jack
his own cock until he shot his load onto the shower floor. The tape again
went blank. I wondered how in the fuck did Carol get the camara hidden in
all of these places and more importantly how did she know that she was
going to catch this stuff on film ? I decided that I would make a copy of the
boys locker room shower scene and send it off to the school board. That
oughta fix the fucking perverted teacher. I oughta send them a copy of the
dog film also. Ya thats what I would do.
The tape started again this time the scene was familure to me. It was the
scene of me outside of Carol's window. I backed the tape up and hit record
and recorded over that scene. I then removed the tape and stached it along
with my others ones. Watching the last scene made me remember the black
case I had found in chris's bedroom. I was going to talk to Jane about it and
then decide what to do after that. I went back and watched T.V. until Jane
and Mandy got back around 7:30PM. I knew I couldn't bring up the shoer
scene with jane because she would ask how I had gotten ahold of it and
where? I really didn't want to go into that.
I pulled Jane into our bedroom and ran down the black case to her we
decided to wait to confront Chris about it until Jane could talk to a School
counselor about the best way to handle it. Me and Jane fucked alittle later.
I fucked Jane with my cock but the whole time I was thinking about my
daughter mandy, her friend Joyce and Joyce's mother Carol. I came hard
and fast. Me and Jane watched T.V. until around 10:00PM and we both fell
asleep.
When I got home from work the next day Jane was horny so we screwed for
about an hour before dinner. After we were done Jane asked me if I wanted
to try the three way with another girl on friday night. I said ya that would be
cool. I asked Jane who she had in mind ? hoping she was going to ger carol
in on this act. Jane said for me not to worry about it because she would set
it all up. My thoughts that night, thrusday and all day friday were of nothing
but the upcomming threeway with my wife and another girl. Mandy didn't
help matters any either. On Thrusday night Mandy had taken her shower
around 8:00PM and Jane went to take hers. I was sitting in the living room
watching the T.V. when mandy came in in her bathrobe, she sat in the
rocking chair which sat between the T.V. and my chair. She paid me no
attention as she put her foot up on the sezt of the rocking chair and began
to paint her toe nails. I tried to ingnore her but it was impossible. I finaly
looked over to where she was sitting and found that with her sitting in that
position I had an unobstructed view of her sweet pussy. Her bathrobe had
fallen open and was clearly exposing the lower porition of her body almost
up to those sweet titties. I tried to direct my attention back to the T.V. but
it was impossible. I watched Mandy out of the corner of my eyes until I saw
her look in my direction. Once she was sure that I was paying attention she
put her other foot up on the rocking chair and spread her legs. There was
my daughter sitting across from me exposing her sweet 14 year old pussy.
My cock went rock hard. I turned my head and began to openly look at my
daughter. She then stuck two fingers in her mouth and once they were wet
she moved them down and began to stroke her pussy. All the while she was
staring directly at me.
I watched her masturbate with no inclination to make her stop, I don't think
that I could have stopped her even if I wanted two.
It wasn't long before Mandy's puusy had gotten so wet that I could hear her
fingers sliding in and out of her pussy. It seemed like the room filled with
her scent. I watched Mandy's fingers speed up and how she moved her legs
when she came. It was hot. About that time I heard the shower cut off
which meant that Jane would soon return to the room. Mandy just sat there
with her legs spread slowly fingering her pussy. Once we heard the
bathroom door open Mandy returned her feet to the floor and straighten up
her bathrobe. Jane entered the front room. She had on her bathrobe also.
She sat on the couch and began to watch T.V. after a few minutes I noticed
that Mandy had resumed painting her toenails. I could see that once again
she had exposed her sweet pussy to everyones view. I decided that it was
time for me to take my shower. I needed to shoot another load and I didn't
want to have Jane catch me staring at our daughters pussy. I anounced that
I was going to go take my shower. I went to the bathroom and began to
shower. I had took care of the cum problem by shooting a load down the
drain. As I went to turn off the shower for some reason I didn't. I left the
shower on stepped out and dryed myself off. Once I had pulled on my
sweats and was ready to exit the bathroom I reached over shut of the
shower and quickly stepped out of the bathroom. As I walked down the hall
I saw Jane quickly sit back down on the couch while adjusting her bathrobe.
I entered the living room and looked at my wife. I could tell by the
flushness in her face that she was sexually excited. I sat down and looked at
Mandy who also seemed to glow somewhat. The hot pussy smell in the
room was very noticable. I wonder if what went on while I was in the
shower really went on. Or was my mind playing trucks on me? I vowed to
make an attempt to catch them and find out for sure. As it happened I
didn't have long to wait.
The next day at work was a real bitch because to night was the night that
Jane had promised that we would include another woman in our bedroom.
The day dragged out but was finally over. I sped home walked in the door
and found nothing. Jane was cooking dinner, Mandy and Joyce were helping
her and Chris was in the Living room watching T.V. I don't know what I
expected but I expected something. I kissed Jane and she said "Everything is
arranged." I ask her where we were going and she said nowhere.
I was puzzled and must have looked it because Jane smiled and said. "Don't
worry Jim, it's taken care of." I shrugged and went to change clothes. I did
notice that Joyce stared directly at my crotch the whole time that I was in
the kitchen. I had finsihed changing about the time dinner was ready and we
all sat down to eat, Joyce included. We ate dinner and chatted about
nothing in particular. I ask Mandy what her plans were for the evening and
she said Oh nothing daddy I just thought that I would hang around and
watch T.V.. I ask Chris what he had going on and he shrugged and said
"Nothing really dad, I though that I would go to my room and read a book.
Read a book my ass, probely go jack off in a glass vial was more like it, I
thought. I can tell you I was getting more than a little upset. Jane had
promised me a three way but the kids were still here, were gonna be here
and we weren't going anywhere. I just didn't see it happening. Then it
occured to me, If jane and arranged this with Carol we would probely leave
the kids here and go next door. Sure that was it. My mood improved.
Dinner was done and the girls were cleaning up. Chris went off to his room
and I heard him lock his door. I was gonna have to have a talk with him
and very soon that was for sure. I went and watched T.V. while the girls did
the dishes. After they were done they all came into the living room and sat
down. About 8:30PM Joyce said she had to go home made her goodbyes
and left. Well that fucking plan didn't work out that was for sure. After
about 15 minutes Jane said "Jim would you do me a small favor? I said yes
what is it? She said, could you run to the store and get some wine? I
jumpped up and said sure thing honey, I put on my shoes, grabbed my car
keys and off I went. Sure that it's she would get Mandy to go and stay with
Joyce or run her sweat ass to bed and then the other woman would come
over, Ya that had to be it. I got the wine and drove back to the house I
took my time about driving back. I wanted to make sure that Jane had
enough time to do what had to be done about the kids. I pulled in the drive
way looked at my watch and saw that I had been gone about 45 minutes.
That should have been enough time. I got out of the car and walked around
the side of the house. Yes Mandy's bedroom light was out but Chris's was
still on. No matter he wouldn't bother us. I walked into the house took off
my shoes and looked around. I noticed that the living room light was out
and the house was quite. I did notice that a light glow was comming from
under my bedroom door. My heart raced, there was no other car in the
drive way, Jane was in our room with the light turned low. Carol must be in
the bedroom with Jane right now. I opened the wine and poured three
glasses as my cock hardened. I took off my cloths in the kitchen grabbed the
glasses of wine and headed for my bedroom. My cock was at full attention
as I opened the door to my bedroom. The sight I saw nearly made me drop
the wine. There was my wife laying on the bed naked with her legs pulled
clear up to her titties exposing every bit of her pussy to our daughter who
was busy licking and slurping her mother pussy. I sat the wine down, closed
the door and began to walk towards the bed. At this time Jane opened her
eyes looked at me and said surprize honey. Mandy stopped her licking,
raised her head and turned towards me. She smiled and then her gaze
dropped to my hard cock. Mandy turned towards her mother and said, Can
I mommy? gestering towards me. I reached out to touch my daughters tits
when Jane said "No dear not yet you need to finish up with me first. Mandy
lowered her face to her mothers cunt and resumed her licking. I watched as
Mandy licked Janes exposed pussy. Mandy then tiik her finger put it in her
mothers cunt and began masturbating her while she was eating her pussy. I
reached I layed down next to Jane and began to rub her ass and thighs.
Everyonce in awhile I would touch mandy's pumping fingers or lick tounge.
It wasn't long before I could tell that Jane was getting close to cumming. I
reached up and began to play with her nipple. As Jane began to cum she
said "Oh Mandy honey eat your mommy's pussy like a good little girl." With
that Jane grabbed the back of Mandy's head and pushed it onto her
cumming pussy. Telling Mandy the whole time "Eat me baby, make your
mommy feel good."
Jane came hard and long. Once she was done Mandy pulled her head back
and took in a big breath of air. She giggled and said "Damm mommy you
almost suffocated me that time." Jane dropped her legs, sat up and hugged
Mandy saying "Oh I'm sorry baby, Mommy got a litle carried away." with
that she kissed mandy full on the mouth. I could tell that they were french
kissing and it made me hotter than hell. I reached up and took one of Janes
tits in my hand while taking one of Mandy's into my other. I began to
masage their tittes and nipples. I was surprized to feel how frim Mandy's
titties felt compared to her mothers. After a few more seconds Jane layed
back down. I kept stroking Mandy's tit while reaching up to touch the other
one. Jane said "Jim get off of the bed for a minute and Mandy you lay down
next to mommy." I got up while Mandy layed in my place on the bed next to
her mother. 
I walked around to the end of the bed and drank in the view of my wife and
daughter laying there naked. Jane reached over and spread Mandy's legs
putting her fingers onto Mandy's cunt. Jane looked at me and said "Just
watch for a minute." I was glad to do just that. I watched as Jane took one
of Mandys hands and put it on her cunt. I watched as Mother and daughter
layed there and striked each others pussy. After a few minutes Jane said
"Jim I know that you have played with Mandy's pussy but you have never
got to taste it yet have you. I shook my head unable to answer your tear my
eyes away from the scene before me. Jane then said "
Jim why don't you taste our daughter I'm sure that she would like that."
Wouldn't you like that Mandy? Mandy said "Oh yes mommy I would love
for daddy to lick my pussy, I have waited for so long". With that I layed on
the bed and started licking and sucking my daughters titties. I could feel the
silky hairs of her pussy rubbing on my chest. I kissed and licked my way
down her body until I came to her sweet pussy. I wanted to drive her crazy
so I began to kiss all around her pussy lips avoiding her pussy but getting
closer and closer. I kissed her legs from her knee to almost touching her
pussy and then do the same to her other legs. I stuck my tounge in her
asshole and inhaled the aromoa of her sex. I could tell that I was having a
good effect on my daughter because she had began moving her hips in an
attempt to trap my head on her pussy. Once I was sure she was at the
height of her exicitment I then took my tounge and lick the entier legnth of
her slit. She shuddered and moaned as I began to lick and suck her pussy in
earnest. It wasn't long before I could tell that she was getting close to
cumming. I then rolled over on my back and placed her directly over my
waiting mouth. She ground her pussy onto my face as she came and covered
it with her wetness. After she had came she rolled off of my face and
plopped onto the bed. She appeared to be worn out. I turned over and
immediately began to lick and suck my wifes pussy. She had gotten so hot
from watching me eat our daughter that she only lasted about 4 minutes
before she came also. With both of my girls satified, for the time being, I sat
up on the bed and lit a cigarette. As I sat there, sipped my wine and
smoked my cigarette I gazed upon them as they lay there cooling down. 
 After about 5 minutes I layed down on the bed between my wife and
daughter. As I layed down Jane looked at Mandy and said "Honey I think
that we ought to return the favor daddy gave us. At this point both Mandy
and Jane sat up and began stroking my cock. As it got hard Mandy said,
Mommy are all cocks as big as daddies? Jane said no dear we are just two
lucky girls. I watched as Mandy gently stroked my cock with both of her
hands as my wife bent down and began sucking on my nuts. I reached over
and guided my daughters mouth towards the head of my cock. Mandy
Immediately opened her mouth and encased my hard cock head. Mandy
began to move her mouth up and down on my dick while licking the head
with her tounge. After a few seconds she raised her head and said "Daddy
Please fuck my mouth." This got Jane all hot because she stopped her
licking and layed beside me watching Mandy suck me off. Jane said "Honey,
watching our daughter suck your big dick really gets me off." I was feeling
the effects of Mandy's attentions because I relized that I was slowly
humping my cock in and out of my daughters mouth. I knew it wouldn't be
long before I shot my load. After about two minutes I could feel the cum
churing in my nuts. Jane knew I was close because she lowered her head
and started licking the base of my cock while Mandy used her mouth like a
pussy on the head of my cock. I grabbed the back of Mandy's head as I felt
the cum boiling up. I shot my load into my daughters mouth. She tried to
swallow as much of it as she could but some of it ran out of her mouth and
down the sides of my cock. Jane noticed this and began to lap at the
dripping cum. Both Mandy and Jane finished me off by licking up all the
cum I had shot. Jane was very turned on at this time. She grabbed Mandy
and layed her down on the bed next to me. I watched as my wife buried her
face in our young daughters sweet pussy. It wasn't too long before I saw
Mandy start bucking her hips and groaning deep down in her chest. I
reached over and began to lick and suck her nipples as she came on her
mothers face. One Mandy had finished cumming Jane got on her Kness and
straddled Mandy's face with her hips. Mandy took the cue and began to lick
her mothers cunt once again. I stuck one finger into my wifes pussy and
began to slowly move it in and out, finger fucking her while Mandy licked
her clit. Once my finger had gotten good and wet I pulled it out and slowly
slipped it into my wifes asshole while replaceing the finger I had pulled out
of her pussy with another one. As I masturbaited my wife and she was
getting her pussy eaten She quickley began moaning and it wasn't but about
30 seconds before she pressed her pussy onto our daughters lips and said
"Oh thats right, Honey eat your mothers pussy while daddy finger fucks
her." With that Jane came hard with her whole body shaking. I withdrew my
fingers as Jane collasped onto the bed. Mandy was ready to go again at
once. I explained to her that we were older and needed a little time to
regroup. Mandy reached out and grabbed my cock and said "But Daddy
your cock is hard again already." I had been so wrapped up in finger fucking
Jane and watching Mandy lick her pussy that I hadn't even relized that my
cock was hard as a rock once again. I smiled and said "Well I guess that
means that I am ready." Mandy giggled as she stroked my cock. She looked
at me and said "Daddy, would you put your big cock into my pussy and fuck
me, I have never had a cock in there and I want one." I looked at Jane for
approval. Jane smiled and said "What better place for her to learn, Just take
it slow because she has never been fucked before. I told Mandy that I would
stay on my back so she could lower herself on my hard cock, that way she
could take as much as she wanted to at her own pace.
She looked back and forth between me and her mother and stood up on the
bed. As she began to lower her pussy towards my waiting cock Jane moved
over put one hand around my cock while she spread Mandy's pussy lips with
her other hand. She talked to Mandy telling her to go slowly. I thought that
I would shoot my load right there. Here I was laying on my back, my wife
holding my cock and her daughters pussy while she was teaching her how to
take a cock. Mandy's pussy came into contact with the head of my cock.
Jane rubbed the head of my cock all over Mandy's wet pussy to get the juice
to lubercate my cock head. Mandy lowered her pussy a little more as the tip
of my cock entered her pussy I saw the pained expression on her face. Jane
removed her fingers moved her mouth to Mandys cunt and let a good
amount of spit drain out of her mouth onto Mandy's cunt and my cock. I
was begining to think that there would be no way for Mandy to take my
cock when I felt the head of my cock slide past her pussy lips into her pussy.
God she was tight, it felt like someone had put my cock into a vice and
cranked it down. Slowly little by little she lowered herself onto my cock. The
expression on her face had changed and I could tell that she was starting to
enjoy the feeling.  I looked towards her pussy and saw that she had taken 
a good 5 inches of my cock into her pussy. Jane looked at Mandy and said
"How are you doing honey?" Mandy said, "It still hurts a little but it feels
good at the same time, It feels like daddys dick is sticking in my neck." Jane
laughed and said "Well daddy
does have a pretty big dick, just take your time and when your ready I'll
help you fuck that big fat cock." It was a good thing that I had just cum
minutes before because if it wasn't for that I would have already shot my
load into my sweet daughter. After a few seconds Mandy began to raise her
pussy. I looked down and saw that my cock was covered with a mixture of
her cum, my wifes spit and my little daughters blood. She raised up until
just the head of my cock was still in her pussy. Mandy groaned and plunged
herself back down on my shaft. I could feel the head of my cock hitting the
bottom of my daughters cunt. After about 6 or 7 pumps on my shaft
Mandy's pussy relaxed enough that she was beging to enjoy the feeling. She
moved faster and faster up and down on my shaft. Jane began to lick the
bottom of my cock and Mandy's clit which sent Mandy straight over the
edge. Mandys gripped her mothers head tightly as she screamed "Oh daddy,
your cock is making me cum!" With that just when I didn't think that her
pussy could get any tighter around my cock it did. Her pussy muscles
gripped my cock as my daughter had a shuddering climax. I reached out and
started stroking her tits as I felt the cum boil in my balls. I didn't want to
cum in my daughter so I quickly lifted her off of my dick. She layed down
on the bed next to me with her legs spread open. I could see that her pussy
looked like my dick was still in there from the way that it was gapped open.
I got up on my kness and began to stroke my cock. After about 9 strokes I
shot my load right onto Mandy's belly and pussy. With that I too collasped
onto the bed and quickly fell into a deep sleep.

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....








 






























  






























 






























  































   






























