(c) Copyright 1997 Darkman.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author, Darkman.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






Mandy 

Written by Darkman

Chapter 1

I was kicking around the house one saturday afternoon, the wife
was off visiting her mother in Indianapolis and she had taken our
15 year old son with her. Leaving our 14 year old daughter for me
to look after. It wasn't so bad, she had lots of friends and was
off some where doing whatever 14 year old girls do on a hot
summer saturday afternoon. I had washed the car and chugged back
a couple of beers and was feeling pretty horny. I decided that I
would retire to my bedroom, pop in an x-rated video and enjoy a
slow jack-off session.
I stripped my cloths and was laying back watching this Amateur
fuck flick and just sort of slowly jacking off. After a few
minutes I heard a giggle coming from behind me. I turned towards
the window at the head of my bed. I had forgotten that because it
was hot I had the curtains open and the window up, to catch the
occasional cool breeze. There stood Mandy my 14 year old
daughter with her friend Joyce looking through the window. When
Mandy saw me her and Joyce took off running. I about died, how
much had they seen? did they see me jacking off, the movie or
what? How long had they been standing there? Needless to say My
cock went soft at once. I was a little scared but at the same
time I was a little aroused. Mandy is pretty well developed for a
14 year old. She has a nice pair of tits starting although I
hadn't laid eyes or her nude body since she was around 6 or 7,
she had green eyes and blond hair. Joyce on the other hand had
not started filling out yet but if her mother was any indication
she would turn into a real looker she had just the hint of tits,
brown eyes and coal black hair. Now don't get me wrong I had
never thought about my daughter or her friends in that way
before. Maybe it was the Beer, the X rated flick or the cum
churning in my balls that made my thoughts turn that way. All I
know is that for the rest of the day I couldn't get the thought
of my daughter out of my head. Everything went smooth for the
rest of the weekend. I never asked Mandy what she had saw and she
never indicated that she had seen anything. Jane and my son got
back home around 6:00PM the next night. Like I said everything
appeared to be pretty cool although Mandy did seem to be a lot
friendlier towards me after that. It was about 3 weeks later when
Jane again decided to go stay with her mother for the weekend she
left my son with me this time and took Mandy with her. I had
decided to clean up the yard so I went to our bedroom closet to
get some old cloths, I had to do something with this closet as it
stood now we couldn't even get the dam sliding doors to stay
shut. Anyway bright and early Saturday morning me and Chris
started getting ready for the work ahead as I was getting my old
shirt I noticed some plaster laying on the floor. I started
looking at the wall and found that a hole had been punched
through the wall of the closet.
I looked through it and couldn't see anything. I wondered how in
the hell did half of a hole get punched into the wall. It was
about as big around as a pencil. Mandy's room was directly next
to ours. I sent Chris to the store for some milk and went into
Mandy's room to investigate the other side of the wall. I had a
real funny feeling in my nuts. I got into Mandy's room to the
wall where the hole should be and didn't see anything there but
one of her posters. Carebears or some shit like that. I pulled on
the poster and found that the bottom wasn't even taped to the
wall. I pulled the poster up and there it was, the other end of
the hole. I looked through it and what I saw made my nuts churn
even more. The hole revealed a clear unobstructed view of my bed.
It was obvious to me that Mandy had punched this hole to spy on
me and her mother. I wondered, how long the hole had been there?
And I realized that it had to be fairly fresh because Jane always
vacuumed the closet whenever she did the bedroom. I thought back
to the last time Jane had cleaned our bedroom shit, it must have
been about three weeks ago. I thought about that hole for the
rest of the weekend, I must have jacked off 10 times. Sunday
rolled around and Monday night about 7:00PM we were all sitting
around watching the tube when Jane said that she was going to run
to the store to get some ice cream. I looked at Mandy to see if
she was going to go with her when Chris said "Can I go Mom?" Jane
said get your shoes on. My heart staring beating a mile a minute.
Now was my chance to see if Mandy used the hole. A few minutes
after Jane and Chris left I told Mandy that I was going to my
room to change into my sweats. She acknowledge my statement but
really didn't seem interested. I went to my room and began to
strip keeping my eyes on the hole the whole time. After about 30
seconds I heard the door to Mandy's room close. I moved over
towards my dresser and stepped into the hallway. I saw that
Mandy's was no longer in the living room. I stepped back into my
room, I thought I was going to have a heart attack my heart was
beating so fast, Was I really going to do this? I sat on the edge
of my bed directly in front of the hole, pulled my pants down and
began to stroke my now very hard cock. All I could think about
was Mandy's 14 year old body and the fact that I knew that she
was watching me. I shot my load in about a minute and a half. I
sat there with my cock in my hand dripping cum onto the floor. As
I stood to pull my pants up I heard the sound of her poster
falling back on the wall. I cleaned up and went back out to the
living room. After about 5 minutes Mandy came back into the room
looking very flustered. It was obvious to me that she had just
masturbated also. I smiled and asked her what she was doing. She
quickly said Oh nothing.  That night I thought up my plan. And
this weekend it would go into effect. Was I really thinking about
having sex with my own daughter ? Dam right I was. She has
watched me it is only fair that I get to watch her.
The weekend rolled around and on Saturday morning I begged out of
taking Chris to his ball game and talked Jane into doing it. Now
if only Mandy wouldn't go also. Jane asked Mandy if she wanted to
go and Mandy said no because she and Joyce had some plans, I
thought so do I young lady, so do I. 

After Jane and Chris left I ask Mandy what she had planned, she
said "oh nothing really, I just didn't want to go watch Chris
play ball. I told her that I understood completely. We watched a
little tub when I told Mandy that I was going to go take a nap. I
noticed that her face flushed a little. Perfect. I went into my
room closed the door and popped one of my X-rated tapes into the
VCR. I turned the volume up a little so Mandy would have no doubt
what I was up to. I stripped and laid back on my bed, watching
the hole out of the corner of my eye. There it was, a flash of
light, she was in position. I began to slowly stroke my cock
until it was hard as a rock. I stopped the tape and got up as if
to change it with another one, I do this most times so nothing
should appear out of the normal for Mandy. Instead of changing
the tape I stepped out into the hallway and slowly opened Mandy's
door. There she was,stripped naked, her eye glued to the hole,
with one hand on the wall and the other buried in her cunt her
fingers were moving a mile a minute. I almost shot my load at
that sight. I stood there for about 3 seconds before Mandy turned
and looked at me standing there. She let out a little yell, stood
up and grabbed for her cloths. I sat on her bed and said. Just
wait one minute young lady. I want an explanation. Here I was
sitting on my 14 year old daughters bed, buck naked with a raging
hard on while My daughter was standing in front of me naked. Her
body was perfect, Her tits were about the size of softballs the
areolas were the size of a silver dollar, the color of sand, shit
they hadn't even turned brown yet. Her nipples were erect and as
big as a pencil eraser. I drunk in those tits with my eyes. As my
gaze drifted down towards her waist I could see that she already
had a small waist having already lost the straight features most
girls her age have. As I stared at my daughter she had her hands
over her pussy blocking my view. After a few seconds I looked up
into her eyes waiting for her to an answer. She just stood there,
scared to death. I assured her that I wasn't going to punish her
I just wanted to know why she had been spying on me. She mumbled
something or other. I told her that Because she had been watching
me masturbate that she should return the favor. I couldn't
believe I was doing this, And let me watch her do the same. It
was at this time that I noticed that while she had been standing
there with her hands over her pussy she was still slowly rubbing
her clit with one of her fingers. Shit I couldn't believe it.
This girl was so turned on she couldn't even stop herself. She
got a small smile on her lips dropped her eyes to my hard cock
and said that she would if I would do the same while she watched
me. Was this really happening ? I didn't say anything I just
wrapped my hand around my cock and began to slowly stroke it up
and down. She sat down on the floor spreading her legs and I got
my first look at my baby daughters cunt. She had just started
growing hair and only had a very little wisps right around her
cunt lips. And oh what cunt lips they were pink and swollen they
hardly even gaped apart and she was sitting with her legs
spread. I could tell by looking that her pussy had a fine mist of
fresh dew on it. Mandy then grabbed one of her nipples and began
to rub it. She took her other hand and moved it to her pussy,
running her finger down the length of her slit. 
As she began to rub I could see that her inner pussy was red,
from the use. I began to pick up speed with my stroking as she
buried her middle finger into her hot box. I was sitting on her
bed stroking my cock while she sat on the floor stroking her
pussy. Her head was level with my cock, as she pick up the pace
of her masturbation I could tell that her eyes were riveted to my
actions. There we sat Father and daughter each masturbating like
there was no tomorrow. It wasn't but a couple of minutes before I
felt that feeling in my nuts and I knew that I wasn't gonna last
much longer. I tried to slow down my pace but I was too far gone
by that time. I then saw Mandy's tits flush and I knew that she
was cumming she was puffing like a freight train. I was a goner.
I felt myself cumming like I never had before, I didn't even
think about where my cum was gonna fly. It was too late now. As I
came I saw it fly. Some of it landed in Mandy's hair but the
biggest part landed on her tits. Some of it began to drip from
her tit and fell on her pussy. When this happen Mandy groaned and
her body started shaking. She was cumming very hard. She scooped
up some of my cum from her breasts and rubbed it onto her clit as
she came. I sat there watching my daughter cum like no woman I
had ever seen cum. I quickly stood and left the room. I wasn't
sure what I would do if I stayed in the same room with Mandy any
longer. I dressed and went into the living room. After a few
minutes Mandy came into the room and sat down. We stared at each
other and I said. How long have you been watching me through that
hole. Mandy said "I put it there the day after me and Joyce saw
you through your bedroom window, you won't tell mom on me will
you?" here sat my daughter, who I had just let watch me jack off
while I watched her jack off and she was worried that I was going
to tell her mom about the hole. I told her that it would be our
little secret as long as she didn't say anything about what we
had just done. Mandy jumped up grabbed me around the neck and
planted a kiss on my neck and said "Oh thank you daddy." I almost
ripped her cloths off right there. I could feel her tits pressing
against my shoulder and smell her pussy . I pushed her back and
told her to sit down. She did as I said. I told her that what we
had done was not right and that it was just something that had
happen and that I was sorry. Mandy said "Do you mean that I
shouldn't be playing with my pussy?" I told her no that that was
something a normal human does but us watching each other do it
wasn't right. She got a puzzled look on her face and said "Why
daddy?, we didn't hurt anyone and it did feel good didn't it? I
loved it when that stuff that came out of your dick landed on me.
It was hot and really made me get a good feeling in my cunny. I
just stared at my Daughter I couldn't believe it. I told her that
yes it did feel good but that if anyone ever found out about what
had happen that I would be placed in jail. Mandy said don't worry
Daddy I'll never tell. I said OK and with that she hugged me
again and ran off to her friends house. I just sat there going
over what had happen over and over in my head. The rest of the
weekend passed without an incident. I was looking forward to
Friday when my wife had her Bridge game. well Friday rolled
around and about 5:30PM Jane told me that she was going to go
play Bridge at her ladies club. 
She said that she would drop Chris off on the way as he  was
going to camp out over night and a friends house. Jane asked
Mandy what she had planned. Mandy said "Oh nothing Mommy I'll
just hang around and keep dad company. Jane kissed me and her and
said "We're suppose to stop for drinks afterwards so I'll be home
around midnight." I told her to have a good time and not to worry
about Mandy and me. They finally left and after about 10 minutes
I asked Mandy what she wanted to do. She said Oh I don't know how
about watching a movie? I said OK lets go to the rental store and
get one. Mandy said no I want to watch one of those movies that
you and Mom keep in your room. I was dumbfounded. I told her
Mandy that wouldn't be right your too young to watch those. She
got a pouting look on her face and said Please daddy, I won't
tell. Well my nuts were stirring just at the thought of watching
one of those movies with my young daughter. I gave in and said
OK. Mandy squealed and hugged me around the neck, squeezing her 
titties right into my belly. My cock really jump at that. I
couldn't do this again. I wasn't sure that I would be able to
keep my hands or cock off of her this time. I was out of control
now, my cock had took over the thinking for me. We walked into
the bedroom and Mandy jumped up on the bed laying back on my
wife's pillow. I set about the task of picking a movie. I have a
rather large collection containing every kind of sex you can
think of. I selected one of the straight ones and popped it into
the VCR. I sat on the bed next to where Mandy was laying as the
movie started. The scene opened up with this woman talking on the
phone to her lover I suppose. she was talking about getting
together later for hot fun. The scene switched and showed her
Lover on the other end of the phone. He was laying on a bed
talking on the phone while this girl was busy sucking his cock.
Mandy sat straight up in the bed staring intently at the T.V.
screen. After a few minutes the guy begin to shoot his load as
the girl pulled back for the money shot. Mandy laughed, as his
cum landed on the girls face and tits, she said hey daddy thats
what you did to me remember. Remember, shit how could I ever
forget that was all I had been thinking about all week. The scene
switched again this time the guys girl friend was in the shower
apparently getting ready for her hot date. As she was taking her
shower of course she began to play with her pussy. I glanced over
at Mandy and saw that she was really into this video. After a few
moments the girl in the shower was joined by another girl.
Mandy's mouth dropped open as this girl began to tongue the girls
pussy. I saw Mandy's hand creep towards the front of her speedos.
She turned to me and said. Daddy you can play with your thingy if
you want to I won't mind. I could tell that she just wanted an
excuse to play with her own pussy. I told her Mandy I'm not ready
yet, which was a lie my dick was already heard, but if you want
to honey you can play with your pussy until I'm ready. Mandy
seemed to be undecided and turned back towards the T.V.. At this
time the girls on the screen had moved to the bedroom and were
now eating each others pussies. Mandy and I watched for awhile.
After the girls on the screen were done the scene switched back
to the guy and the girl he had sucking on his cock. He was now
eating her out as the girl jacked his cock, which was hard again.
Mandy watched with interest and I noticed that she was now openly
rubbing her pussy through her speedos. I said "Mandy, I know your
hot, so why don't you take your cloths off and let Daddy watch
you like before. Mandy smiled and proceeded to remove the speedos
I could see that the crotch of them were already soaked with her
juices. She flung them to the floor and then removed her top. I
almost shot my load when those pretty tits popped free. Her
nipples were already hard. Mandy laid back on the pillow and
spread her legs wide as she brought her hand to her wet pussy.
I sat there and watched my daughter get herself off. The air was
thick with her smell. After a few seconds I noticed that her
right leg was touching my left legs. She started to spread her
legs wider but was stopped by my leg. She looked at me and I
smiled at her. I took her leg into my hand and draped it over my
leg allowing her to get the distance she wanted. God her skin was
so soft. I could hear her finger going in and out of her cunt.
I left my hand on her leg while she laid there beating off.
After a few seconds I began to slowly stroke her leg from just
below the knee to just above the knee. Inching about a half an
inch about every 10 rubs. I was in a trance, my cock was almost
ready to explode in my pants. After a few minutes I discovered
that I was now stroking my daughters leg from her knee to about
two inches below her cunt. Every now and then her hand would bump
mine. I noticed that Mandy seemed to be trying to push her cunt
towards my hand. I figured what the hell in for a nickel in for a
dime and moved my hand to her cunt. She groaned put her hand on
top of mine and pushed it down on her cunt. I began to masturbate
my daughter her pussy was soaking wet and hot to the touch. I
eased my finger into my little girl while she began to buck her
hips towards my hand. It wasn't two minutes when I felt her body
go stiff, her pussy muscle clamp down on my finger and my
daughter began to cum, she said through clenched teeth "Oh daddy
do me.". On the spur of the moment I did something her mother
loves. I lowered my mouth to my her nipple and sucked it while
she came. She must have cum for 3 minutes. I didn't want to
remove my finger or stop sucking her nipple but I knew that I had
to anyway I wanted to see her face. she said. God daddy I though
I was going to pass out, that was the a lot better than when I do
it. She looked so beautiful I lowered my lips to hers and kissed
her. With some surprise she kissed me back. I brought my hand up
to her breast and begin to stroke her nipple. At this time the
phone rang and Mandy jumped up to get it. I watched as my nude
daughter talked to her girlfriend on the phone. It was normal
girl talk so I decided to take this time to take a piss. When I
returned Mandy was still laying there although she had hung up
the phone. I asked her if she was going over to Joyces house,
Mandy said no but would it be alright if Joyce stayed over night
on Saturday. I said sure no problem and moved to pop the tape out
of the VCR. Mandy said "Daddy can I finish watching it, besides
you got to watch me and it's only fair that I get to watch you
now." Then she smiled. Shit I couldn't tell her no no matter what
I knew that I should say. I sat back down on the bed and Mandy
said come on Daddy take off your cloths. I removed my shirt and
stood to drop my pants.
As I did my cock sprang free and Mandy said, God daddy yours is
much bigger than that guys in the movie. I smiled and laid back
on the bed. I began to slowly stroke my cock. After a minute or
two Mandy turned in the bed to get a closer look at my cock. Her
face was about 3 inches away from it. I was getting close to
shooting my load so I stopped for a second. As I removed my hand
I felt Mandy wrap her hand around my cock and begin to slowly
stroke it up and down. She said Daddy does that feel good ? I
said yes baby it does and if you aren't careful I'm going to
shoot on you again. Mandy sat straight up and said "Please Daddy
shoot it on me again Please!" With that she laid down. I got up
on my knees next to my daughter and began to stroke my cock
again. Mandy said "No daddy do it like in the movie, get on top."
Now there was no way that I was going to be able to fuck my young
daughter. I straddled her legs with my cock inches over her pussy
and continued to stroke. Mandy was had her fingers in her cunt
again and was going to town. This girl was really hot. After a
few seconds I felt Mandys other hand feeling my nuts. This almost
took me to the edge. As I looked down at Mandy's tits and watched
her finger fucking herself I prepared to shoot my load. Mandy
then sat up and opened her mouth right in front of the head of my
cock. I shot my load right into her waiting mouth. It was so much
that it began to run out over her chin and down onto her breasts.
It felt like my insides were coming out of my body through my
cock. Once I was through cumming Mandy laid back and Giggled. I
look at my daughter laying there with my seed all over her face
and chest and couldn't believe what I had just done. She said
Daddy that was great. I ask her what had given her the idea of
putting her mouth near my cock. She said "I saw the girl in the
movie do that so I wanted to try it. beside the last time we did
that after you left I tasted some of the stuff you shot on me and
it tasted good so I wanted to see what it taste like with a lot
of it. I got off of the bed, went to the bathroom to get her a
washrag to wash the cum off of her. When I got back into the room
I saw Mandy with her finger in her cunt again but this time she
would put her fingers in the cum use one hand to put it on her
clit while she used the other to like the cum up. Shit she had
almost cleaned it all up while I was waiting on the water to get
warm. She stopped when she saw me standing there. I cleaned her
up and kissed her again. By this time it was past 8:30PM. Mandy
said "Daddy can we try some other stuff?" I explained to her that
when a guy cums it takes awhile for him to get in the mood again.
This seemed to satisfy her and she got up and put her clothes on.
I watched her and couldn't believe that I had done what I had
just done. Mandy kisses me and said. "OK daddy, let me know when
we can do this again because I really want to try some more stuff
like those people in the movie. I swatted her butt as she giggled
and ran out of the room.
Later that evening Mandy came back home with her little friend Joyce in
tow. She said Daddy can Joyce stay all night tonight ?
I figured what the hell Chris her brother was staying with friends tonight
and Jane wouldn't be home till around midnight.  Anyway with Joyce here it
would ensure that nothing
else would happen between him and his daughter. I told her "Well I guess it
would be alright if it is OK with her mother. Mandy squealed hug my neck
and said Oh thank you daddy. Her a Joyce ran off to Mandy's room to
listen to records. I sat around watching the tube. I decided to get a beer
from the fridge. As I was walking down the hall past Mandy's room I heard
them giggling. I smiled, teenaged girls, and proceeded on to get my beer. I
got my beer and started walking back to the living room. I paused by
Mandy's door and put my ear to her door. It was very quite in there but I
thought that I heard kissing sounds, Na couldn't be.
I went back to watching T.V. but I kept think about Mandy and her perfect
body and the kissing sounds I had heard. I was thumbing through the T.V.
guide and I noticed that Ren & Stimpy would be coming on in a minute. So
I hollered for Mandy. She answered Coming daddy and in about 2 minutes
she came into the Living room. I noticed that she looked alot like she had
just cum. I ask Mandy "what are you and Joyce doing in your room." Mandy
said "Oh nothing really daddy, you can look through the soy hole if you
don't believe me, with that she smiled and ran back to her room.
Well I tried to forget about it but it was like Mandy had some hold over
me. Shortly I got up and went to check out the "Spy hole." I didn't expect to
be able to see anything what with that poster hanging over the hole. As I
walked towards the closet I could tell that there was light coming through
the hole from Mandy's side. My heart started beating fast and my nuts
tweaked.
I bent down and peered through the hole and man oh man the sight that I
saw. There was Mandy sitting on the edge of her bed, naked with her legs
spread, I couldn't see that delicious pussy because Joyce's head was blocking
my view. There was my daughter sitting on her bed strip naked with her girl
friend also naked licking her cunt for all she was worth. I noticed that
Mandy kept staring at the hole in her wall. I decided to let her know that I
was there so I stuck the tip of my finger through the hole and quickly
replaced it with my eye. Mandy was smiling towards me. She told Joyce
"suck my tittes now while I play with you. Joyce stood up so her little
budding tits were even with Mandys mouth.
I couldn't see what Mandy was doing with her mouth But I did see her
fingers peek out through Joyce's legs as she stroked her pussy. Joyce was
bucking her hips and really getting into it. Mandy then told Joyce. "Sit down
I want to lick your cunny" Joyce sat down and Mandy sat next to her. I had
an unobstructed view Of both Mandy and Joyce's cunts. Joyce's cunt was
completely bald although it did appear to have a fine coating of peach fuzz.
Her titties were about the size of golf balls, just beginning to form. She
turned me on almost as much as Mandy does. I took my cock out of my
pants and continued to watch the show taking place before me. Mandy
pushed Joyce's legs wide apart and ran her finger up and down her pussy.
Mandy then bent over and proceeded to lick Joyce's pussy with her tongue.
Joyce lasted about two minutes before she came. After she had cum her and
Mandy kissed and Mandy told Joyce "I guess we had better take our
showers. I didn't want Joyce to see with come out of my room with a raging
hard on so I finished milking my cock and once it had gone down I
returned to the living room. After a few minutes Mandy and Joyce came out
of the bathroom and into the living room. I ask them if they had fun
listening to records Joyce blushed but my Horny daughter just smiled. We
watched a little T.V. and I decided, about 11:00PM to go on to bed. As I
kissed Mandy goodnight I told her "Mandy honey, don't cover that hole up,
ok" She said "OK daddy" Joyce just looked perplexed. I went on to bed and
dreamed about what I had saw my horny daughter do with her girl friend. I
couldn't believe how forward Mandy had become towards me in the sex
department. Shit I knew grown women who weren't as forward and open
about sex as Mandy is at just 14.

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
