(c) Copyright 1997 Darkman.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author, Darkman.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






Mandy 

Written by Darkman



     Chapter #3 in our fiction story.

     I woke up hearing the birds chirping outside. I thought back to
     the events that had transpired last night. Was it a dream ? or
     did it really happen ? Had I really had sex with my wife and
     daughter. I opened my eyes and sat up in bed I was in bed
     alone. I looked down at my cock and could see the dried blood
     on my cock that had come from my daughters virgin pussy. I
     listened but could not hear any movement throughout the
     house. I sighed and got out of bed looking at the clock as I did
     so. Hell it was 11:30 AM. I stumbled to the bathroom and
     started the shower. I took a long hot shower which really woke
     me up. I couldn't get the scene of my daughter impaled on my
     cock while her mother licked her cunt. I could feel that stirring
     in my nuts as I thought. Damn I ought be fucked out by now. It
     was like I was a teenager again, the more sex I got the more
     that I wanted. I finished my shower and began to dry off. I
     could clearly hear the sounds of my family in the kitchen. I
     wrapped the towel around myself and stepped out of the
     bathroom. Mandy ran up to me wrapped her arms around my
     neck and kissed me full on the lips. Jane smiled and said "Good
     to see you finally got up sleepy head, we thought that you were
     going to sleep all day." I finished kissing Mandy and tried to
     keep my cock from getting hard. Just then Jane said "Mandy you
     better stop that or your daddy is going to have to fuck you
     again, that is if he's up to it."  I smiled and reached down and
     dropped my towel so Jane and Mandy could see that my cock
     was almost rock hard again. Mandy immediately dropped to her
     knees and took the head of my cock into her mouth. I watched
     Mandy for awhile when I noticed that something didn't feel
     right. I looked up and turned my head to the screen door. There
     stood my son Chris watching his sister suck his dads rock hard
     cock. As I looked at Chris he noticed that I had seen him and
     he quickly moved away. I figured Fuck it,
     and let Mandy continue. Jane watched Mandy and said "You
     know Jim, Mandy is turning into quite a cock lover. With that
     Mandy pulled her mouth away and said "Mommy I just love to
     eat daddy's cum mommy it taste good." We all laughed as
     Mandy returned to sucking the head of my cock. After a few
     more seconds I noticed that Jane had pulled her pants down
     and was openly fingering her pussy while watching.  Jane laid on
     the floor spreading her legs and said "Mandy I want your daddy
     to give me some of that cock, I didn't get any cock in my pussy
     last night, you took it all. That was all I needed. Mandy was a
     good cock sucker but she could only get the head of it in her
     mouth and when I fucked her last night she could only take
     about half of it. I moved to my wife and slid my hard cock into
     her waiting pussy. I began to pump my cock into my wife and
     turned to Mandy and said "lay down baby and let daddy lick
     your pussy. Mandy said "You can't daddy." I asked her why and
     she said "Look" and pulled her shorts off spread her legs and
     offered her pussy to my view. I saw that my daughters pussy was
     still red and her pussy lips were swollen. Mandy said "You
     fucked me too good last night and my poor little cunny is too
     sore to touch. I told her that I was sorry and continued to drill
     my wives pussy. Mandys dropped to her knees bent down and
     began to lick and suck the shaft of my cock and balls. After
     about two minutes of this kind of attention I shot my load deep
     into Janes pussy. I pulled my still hard cock out and told Mandy
     "Mandy you have been a bad girl and for that you will have to
     clean me and mommy up. With that Mandy grabbed my still
     hard cock and began to lick the cum and her mothers juices off
     of it. Once it was clean she buried her face and licked her
     mothers pussy. When Mandy was done and Jane had cum She
     sat back. I could see that not a trace of my cum remained either
     on my cock or on Janes pussy. Jane Smiled and said "Mandy you
     did such a good job that cleaning me and your daddy up will be
     one of your duties from now on. Jane then kissed Mandy on the
     lips. Mandy giggled and said "Good Mommy, I love the taste of
     you and daddy's cum" I went and got dressed while Jane and
     Mandy put the grocery's away they had bought at the store.
     Later I told Jane that I had caught Chris looking through the
     door at Mandy sucking my dick. I also told her about the day in
     the bathroom when Chris just started dumbfounded at my cock.
     Jane said not to worry about it because she was going to talk to
     him today. I puttered around the house the rest of the day. We
     talked to Mandy and told her that we had to be careful because
     if anybody found out what we were doing that we would all be
     in trouble. Mandy said that she knew that and not to worry
     because she wasn't telling anyone. She said that if you and
     Mommy got in trouble that would mean that I wouldn't get to
     have anymore cum and she so loved the taste. I went to work
     the next day. I had asked Jane if she had talked with Chris and
     she said that she had not yet but that everything was fine. I
     dismissed it. I didn't have time to think about that shit I was too
     busy thinking about my sweet daughters pussy and the pussies of
     our next door neighbors. I waited until Friday night until I
     brought up the subject of sex again. I watched Mandy, Jane and
     Chris closely all week and came to the decision that everything
     was indeed fine. Jane and Mandy seemed a little closer than
     they did before. But then I guess licking each others pussies will
     bring you closer. Around Wednesday my thoughts turned back
     to the spy tape I had gotten from Carol's house. I plugged it
     into the VCR and erased the part that showed me and copied
     the rest of it onto another tape. I would wait my chance to
     return it. As it worked out on Thursday Carol came over and
     said that she and Joyce were going to be out of town for the
     week-end and would we mind feeding her cat while she was
     gone. I quickly agreed and I noticed how she smiled at me when
     she gave me the key to her house. I had Mandy go over with her
     so Carol could show her where the cat food and liter was. Carol
     did whisper in my ear before she left she said "I'm not done
     with you yet." with that she reached out and squeezed my cock
     through my pants. Mandy saw what happened but didn't say
     anything. The next night Jane had her bridge club meeting so
     about 8:00 PM I grabbed the tape and headed for Carols house.
     By the time I had gotten in her house my heart was beating a
     mile a minute. I went straight to the VCR tape rack and slid the
     video tape in with the other tapes. I looked over the tapes and
     found that they were all commercial type tapes. I fed the cat and
     was getting ready to leave when the thought came into my head.
     Shit when would I get a chance like this again. I might as well
     see what else I could find in Carols house. I was sure that she
     had more than one spy video. I went into Carols room and
     began to look around. I checked her night stand and found her
     dildo along with some oils and a set of benwa balls.
     I had checked her closet and just as I turned to close the door
     and box caught my eye. It was way up on the top shelf by itself.
     Damn I almost missed it. I had to get a chair to get the box
     down as soon as I moved it I heard video tapes bang together.
     Perfect I found her spy tapes. I quickly put the box on the bed
     and opened it. The first thing I saw was a note written by Carol
     it said "Jim, a couple of these tapes have some things I think
     you will be interested in, Enjoy ! All I ask is that you put them
     back when you are done and return the one you took." That
     Damn woman, she knew I would search her house. Well screw it
     lets see what she has. I picked up the box and proceeded to the
     living room. I put the box on the floor and removed the tapes,
     11 in all
     12 counting the one that I had just brought back. None of the
     tapes had any labels. Shit she was going to make me work for
     this. I plugged the first tape into the VCR and hit play. The
     scene opened it looked like a store dressing room. there was
     nothing in the room, just an empty room. After a few minutes I
     saw a woman enter the room with about 3 bathing suits. The
     woman proceeded to strip and try on the bathing suits. I
     watched the parade of women trying on bathing suits for about
     45 minutes. she had obivioulsy edited the tapes to kill the dead
     spaces. I saw everytype of woman and teenaged girls you can
     imagine. A few of the women I knew from work and around
     town. I also reconignized a few of the teenagers that stripped for
     me. Nothing really sexual just women and girls trying on
     swimsuits.  It was getting a little late so I decided that I would
     takes the tapes home and watch them there. I gathered up the
     10 tapes that I hadn't seen yet and headed for the house. I got
     home put the tapes in my bedroom and headed for the kitchen
     to get a beer. Mandy stuck her head out of her room I could tell
     that she wanted to play. I had promised Jane that I wouldn't
     play with Mandy anymore unless she was around so she could
     watch. Mandy said "Daddy my cunny feels better now do you
     think you could fuck me again?" I walked over to her and kissed
     her on the mouth. I told her "Honey there is nothing that I
     would rather do but I did promise your mother." Mandy pouted
     a little. I told her "Maybe when mommy comes home we can see
     if it's alright." Mandy's face brightened up and she said "OK
     daddy." I grabbed my beer and headed for the bedroom. I
     plugged a tape into the VCR and sat back to watch. As soon as
     the picture came into view I could tell that the camara had been
     set up in my living room. SHIT!! this was taken last week. There
     I was sitting in my chair While Mandy was sitting in the other
     chair. She had just started painting her toenails. I watched as
     Mandy's robe fell open exposing her cunt. The whole scene
     flashed back. Now I remember. When I had come out of the
     shower Jane and Mandy had both looked red faced. I hit fast
     forward. I stoped the tape just as it showed me getting up to go
     take a shower. You could clearly see that my cock was hard.
     After about 30 seconds after I had left the room I saw Jane get
     up from the couch and walk over to Mandy. Mandy was sitting
     there rubbing her cunt like she had done when Jane was in the
     shower. Jane dropped to her knees in front of our daughter and
     began to lick and finger her sweet pussy. Jane had her robe on
     so I really couldn't see her body. but I could tell that she was
     fingering her own cunt as she licked Mandy's pussy. Damm I
     wonder how long those two have been going at it anyway. Shit it
     didn't matter I loved it! After a few minutes I saw Jane quickly
     get up close her robe and sit down just as I entered the room.
     The next scene opened and it showed my bedroom. I looked up
     on the wall to about where it looked like the camara had been
     but could see nothing. After a few seconds I saw Jane enter the
     bedroom strip and lay down on the bed. She spread her legs just
     as Mandy ran into the room, also naked and buried her face
     into her mothers cunt. I watched my daughter eat her mother
     for about 3 minutes then the video showed me walking into the
     scene. Yes it was all there in detail. I fast forwarded to the part
     where Mandy had sat on her first cock. I saw a flash in the
     window. I stopped the tape and backed it up a little. I hit slow
     motion and stared at the window area. There! it looked like
     someone was watching us through the window. I couldn't really
     tell who it was but it looked alot like chris. Damm I was going
     to have to talk to that boy and very soon. The tape ended with
     me, Jane and Mandy falling asleep. Mandy and her mother
     spooning each other. I ejected the tape and placed it to the side.
     I was going to make a copy of this one. Well that was one
     surprise I wonder what else Carol had for me on these tapes?
     And how in the fuck did she get the chance to place the camara
     in my house without anyone knowing about it? I made a mental
     note to ask her point blank how she did this. The next 5 tapes
     just showed different spy video's of bathrooms, changing rooms
     and another girls shower room it was all pretty hot and I saw
     alot of naked women and girls but nothing really sexual. I had
     decided that I would make copies of all of the tapes to add to
     my collection. The 9th tape was very different. It opened up on
     what looked like a childrens play room. Kind of like a day care
     center. After a few seconds the tape showed 8 children enter the
     room all between the ages of 6 to 9 years old. it looked like 5 of
     them were girls and 3 of them were boys. I quickly reconized
     one of the boys as my own son. The video had been taking
     about 8 years ago when chris was only about 8 years old. I knew
     right where the day care center was. The tape showed them
     playing for about 10 minutes until two men and a woman
     entered the room. One of the men was carrying a video camara
     and tripod the other man who looked an awful lot like chris's
     physical education teacher, you know Dog Man was carrying a
     couple of lights mounted on stands. I didn't recongnize either of
     the other adults.The woman was carrying some sheets and
     blankets. The kids stopped their games sat down and stared
     intently at the adults. This couldn't be true was I going to watch
     these people make a kiddy porn movie? I the men began to set
     up the equipment while the woman talked to the kids. I couldn't
     hear what she was saying but I could tell that the kids were
     getting excited. Once the camara and lights were set up. One of
     the men began to take off his cloths while the children watched
     intently. Once the man was naked he layed down on the floor in
     front of the children. The woman picked up one of the sheet she
     had dropped to the floor and spread it out over the man. As she
     arranged the sheet I could tell that they had cut a hole in it so
     the mans cock and balls would be exposed while covering the
     rest of his body. I was feeing alitle mad and aroused at the same
     time. Once the man was ready the female put a mask on her
     face and stripped also. She was built. Her tits were about 36C's
     with a little sag but not much, she had long legs that came
     together at a neatly trimmed bush. The lights were turned on as
     the woman turned back to the kids and said something. The
     children all started to take off their cloths. They were giggling
     and pretty excited. It was obivious that this wasn't their first
     time. After the kids were naked the woman arranged them in a
     single line. It looked like she had put the older kids first with
     the younger kids in the back. I saw the first child, a little girl
     about 9 years old. Her pussy was hairless and her chest had just
     started getting titties they were no bigger than quarters. Her
     hips were pretty wide for a young girl and I could tell that she
     was going to grow up with long legs. The woman motioned to
     the girl and she stepped forward to the cock and balls exposed
     through the sheet. She knelt down and began to stroke the cock.
     Once the mans cock had gotten hard it looked to be about 6 or
     7 inches long. The girl then leaned forward and began to lick
     and kiss the mans cock. She licked the entire length as well as
     the head. This went on for about 5 minutes until she was
     replaced by the next child in line. This child was also a girl with
     no pussy hair and a flat chest she looked to be about 8 or 9
     years old also. She took the other girls place and began to lick
     and suck the hard cock before her.
     I could see that the 8 year old boy who was next in line had
     gotten alittle hard-on. Shit I didn't even think that boys could
     get hardon's at that young age. After about 4 minutes the boy
     replaced the girl at the mans cock and also began to lick and
     suck on the head of the cock before him. This went on with
     each child taking a turn. Chris was the last child in line. I
     watched as he stepped forward slowly cupped the mans balls
     with one hand while wrapping his other hand around the base of
     the mans prick. Chris started pumping the mans cock while
     licking the head and sides of his cock. I was torn between anger
     and something else I'm not a fag but somehow this scene was
     pretty arousing to me. I thought back to the blow job I had
     gotten at the park and my cock got a little harder. I watched my
     young son licking this strange mans cock. When apparently the
     man had said something because chris turned to the woman,
     who was now openly fingering her pussy, and said something.
     The woman shook her head yes and chris turned back to the
     man and stepped up his efforts on the mans cock. Chris was
     now using both hands to jack the man off while putting his
     whole mouth over the head of the cock in front of him. All of
     the children were watching chris intently each of them were also
     playing with theirselves, except the oldest girl was fingering the
     pussy of the girl sitting next to her who looked to be about 7
     years old.After a few seconds I could see the mans body jerking
     and knew that he was cumming in my sons mouth. I could see
     the cum running down the sides of his shaft. Once the man had
     finished cumming. Chris stood up and I could see that his little
     cock was also hard he had cum on his chin which he quickly
     scooped into his mouth. The kids all stepped forward and began
     to clean the cum off of the mans cock with their mouths and
     tounges. The lights were shut off and the man under the sheet
     got up. His cock was still about half hard but I could tell that he
     was still excited. The woman moved a high stool to where the
     man had layed down and sat a chair next to it. she sat on the
     chair as the lights came back on. She scooted her ass towards
     the end of the chair and spread her legs. Her pussy was fully
     exposed to the children watching. She said something and one
     of the 7 year old girls came over to her. The woman placed her
     hand on the childs shoulder and lowered her to her waiting
     pussy. The child needed no encourgment because she began to
     lick the womans slit. The woman then said something else to the
     kids because the remaining four girls stood up and came to her.
     two of the girls began sucking on the womans nipples while one
     on the girls (The oldest one) stood next to her and spread her
     legs. The woman began to finger fuck the standing girl while the
     remaining girl got up on the stool next to the womans face. She
     spread her legs as the woman began to lick and suck her pussy.
     The 3 boys sat and watched the show along with the two men.
     This went on for about 5 minutes when the womans body began
     to buck on the girls face who was eating her pussy. The woman
     took her free hand and placed it onto the back of the girls head
     and came hard on her face. The girl on the stool was cumming
     also as was the girl the woman was finger fucking. Once these
     three had gotten off the woman said something and the girls
     went back and sat down. The boys then stood up and
     approached the woman. The oldest boy stepped between the
     womans legs and inserted his hard little cock into her pussy.
     The other two boys waited for their turns. The boy fucking the
     woman only lasted about 1 minute before he had shot his load.
     The next boy stepped forward and stuck his cock into the
     teacher also. He came in about 2 minutes. It was chris's turn he
     stepped forward and just when I thought that he was going to
     stick his little cock into the woman he dropped to his kness and
     began to  lap of the cum left by the two older boys. Damm, both
     of my kids were cum crazy. and my son was appearently a fag.
     After a few minutes the lights were shut off again and the tape
     ended. Man that was something else. I wanted to shoot my load
     but I had 3 more tapes to watch and I really wanted some of
     Mandy's sweet pussy tonight. I pluged in the next tape. The
     scene opened with a view of Carols bedroom. Carol was laying
     on her bed ramming the black dildo in and out of her cunt.
     Damm she was one fine piece of ass! After a few seconds she
     was joined by her daughter Joyce who took over and began to
     shove the dildo in and out of her mothers pussy. This went on
     for about 10 minutes when I saw something that made me sit
     straight up! In the room walked Jane and Mandy!  They walked
     up to the bed and began watching Carol and her daughter have
     sex. I saw Jane begin to rub her pussy through the shorts she
     was wearing. Mandy was busy taking her cloths off. Once Mandy
     had stripped naked Jane began to take her cloths off to. Carol
     was talking to her the whole time. Mandy crawled under Joyces
     hips and began to lick and suck her pussy. Jane stood there, now
     naked, rubbing her own pussy. After a few seconds I saw Carol
     move her hand to my wifes pussy and begin to finger fuck her. It
     was haveing an effect because Jane was moving her hips back
     and forth on Carols fingers. After about 2 minutes Carol said
     something else to Jane at which Jane got up on the bed and
     straddled Carols face. Carol began to lick Janes pussy. After a
     few seconds Jane moved Joyces hands away from the dildo and
     took over fucking Carol with it. Mandy and Joyce got into a 69
     position and began to go at it hard and heavy. Janes rammed
     the dildo in and out of Carols pussy for a few more minutes. I
     could tell by the way that Jane was moving her ass that she was
     getting close to cumming. Jane then remove the dildo from
     carols pussy and buried her face in that sweet crotch. Both
     women came at the same time. I watched and it wasn't long
     before I saw that Mandy and Joyce were also cumming. The
     scene faded. Man I really needed to unload my nuts, but
     dammit I had to wait. The next scene on the tape showed Carols
     bedroom again. This time it was just Carol and her daughter
     going at it. I watched this scene and became more aroused. I
     thought back to my peeping adventure as I watched Carol and
     her young daughter go at it. The scene closed and another one
     took it's place. I immediately recongnized it as Carols living
     room. The room was empty for a few seconds when in walked
     Carol with me following behind her! She had taped the night
     she taught her daughter how to suck cock! How many fucking
     camares did this bitch have anyway? I watched the scene play
     out before me. I watched as Carol taught her daughter how to
     suck cock and eat cum. I definately had to copy this tape. The
     tape ended and I pulled it out of the VCR. I got up to get
     another beer and looked at the clock. I saw that it was close to
     midnight and Jane would be getting home pretty soon. I thought
     about hiding the tapes when my mind flashed back to the spy
     tape taken in Carols bedroom with her daughter, Jane and
     Mandy. I figured fuck it I would watch the rest of them and
     even let Jane watch them if she wanted. The 11th tape wasn't
     much compared to the other ones although it did have some
     interesting scenes of which looked like they had been taken with
     a video camara. They were in color and showed three different
     women flashing their pussies in public. One woman was walking
     around a zoo wearing a short dress she would sit on benches
     and spread her legs and bend over showing her ass and pussy to
     anyone who may have been looking. The next woman was
     walking around a mall in a short dress and a halter top. She
     would flash her pussy while in the stores and while sitting on the
     benches in the mall. Once while sitting on the bench in the mall
     she spread her legs raised her dress and quickly fingered her
     pussy for about 15 seconds. It was pretty hot but not as hot as
     the last girl. This girl was laying on a
     towel on what must have been a nude beach. She was naked
     laying on her back with her legs spread fingering her pussy. This
     went on for a few seconds when a man walked up next to her
     with his hard cock in his hand. He stood over the woman as she
     played with her pussy. He stood there jacking off for about 2
     minutes when a couple of other guys walked up. They also stood
     over the woman jacking off as they watched her finger herself.
     After a few minutes the men started cumming. They shot their
     loads all over the womans tits, belly and face. She never touched
     any of the men and they had made no move to touch her. She
     wasn't bad looking she had a nice body although her pussy was a
     bit more hairer than I perfer and when she sat up I could see
     that her tits sagged quite a bit. The tape had nothing else on it.
     I needed to cum but I had one more tape to go. And besides
     jane would be back very soon now and maybe I would get to
     sink my cock into my daughter again. I stuck the last tape into
     the machine and hit play. The scene opened up showing the
     same living room as the one in the tape that showed Chris's
     physical education teacher sucking and fucking his dog. The
     sheet was there again and in he walked with the dog in tow. I
     figured that this was just a repeat of the first one I had watched
     and began to fast forward the tape. After about 2 seconds of fast
     forwarding I saw another body enter the picture. I let the tape
     return to normal speed and watched. The man was laying on his
     back jacking his cock. The dog was laying next to him. The body
     I had seen enter the picture appeared to be a young person I
     couldn't really tell at first because their back was to the camara.
     The person bent down and grabbed the mans cock. I could
     clearly see the young mans cock and balls between his legs from
     behind. The young man dropped to his knees between the mans
     legs and lowered his mouth to the mans cock. I saw that the
     young man was in fact Chris! I was getting damm upset not so
     much because Chris was sucking the man off but because of the
     fucking dog and what I had seen the man dog with it before.
     Chris sucked the mans cock for awhile. I could see that Chris
     was sucking the mans entire cock into his mouth while at the
     same time cupping his balls in his left hand. The man said
     something to Chris because he raised his head and looked at
     him. The man continued to talk to chris. Chris looked like he
     was becomming very upset. he was kept looking between the
     man and the dog laying there. Suddenly the man reached out
     with his hand and smacked Chris in the face! The blow was hard
     enough that Chris was knocked back. When Chris's face came
     into view again I could see that the man had busted his lip. 
     This tape must have been shot right before we went on our last
     picnic because I noticed that Chris's lip looked a little swollen
     and he did act pretty strange. I was getting damm mad now. The
     man looked like he was screaming at chris cause I could see the
     veins in his neck standing out. I decided right there that I was
     going to kick this motherfuckers ass. And I was damm sure
     going to give the tapes of him to the police. I might kick his ass
     and drag him to the police station turn him and the tape over at
     the same time. I watched the tape. The man had stood up And
     Chris began to suck his cock again. After a few seconds the man
     said something again and Chris stopped. Chris then moved to
     the dog and began to rub his belly. The dog rolled over onto his
     back and enjoyed the attention. The man sat down on the couch
     talking to chris and slowly stroking his cock. Chris seemed to
     sigh and moved his hand to the dogs cock, which by this time
     had extended about 3 inches out of his pouch. Chris continued
     to rub the dogs cock until it had gotten fully extended, about 9
     inches. The man then said something to Chris and Chris bent
     down and took the tip of the dog cock into his mouth. Chris
     began to suck the dog cock while the man sat there and jacked
     off. It wasn't long before the man smacked Chris again. At
     which time chris got up on his knees putting his ass up in the air
     while still sucking the dog cock.
     The man grabbed a bottle of something and squirted it onto my
     sons 16 year old asshole. I was madder than a motherfucker by
     this time but I couldn't tear my eyes away. The man began to
     finger fuck Chris's asshole while he got on his knees behind my
     son. The man removed his finger and grabbed his cock. He
     placed his cock at the entrance of my sons asshole and lunged
     forward driving his hard cock straight into Chris's ass. The man
     began to fuck my son hard and fast pulling his cock almost all
     the way out and then shoving it back in hard. I noticed that
     Chris's mouth was moving fast on the dog cock while at the
     same time he was moving his ass back and forth meeting the
     mans thrusts. Could this be true did Chris actual like what was
     happening to him? It wasn't long before I could tell that the
     man was cumming in my son's asshole. I noticed that as he came
     Chris reach back between his legs and rubbed the mans nuts.
     Once the man had finushed cumming he sat back down on the
     couch. I watched as Chris continued to suck the dog cock and
     began to jack his own cock off. After about 2 minutes I saw
     Chris's body tense up and seen the cum fly from his cock onto
     the sheet on the floor. Chris fell back on his back. Still slowly
     milking his cock and licking his lips. After a few seconds Chris
     moved between the mans legs and kissed his cock. He then
     stood up and he and the man kissed for about 4 minutes. The
     tape ended and as I stood to remove the tape I heard the back
     door shut. Jane was finally home. She walked into the bedroom
     just as I hit rewind. Jane walked in and said "What are you
     doing honey?" I saw Mandy satnding right behind her with an
     excited looked on her face. I told Mandy "Honey you need to go
     back to bed because me and mommy have to talk." Mandy
     began to say something until she saw the look on my face. We
     quickly turned and walked back to her room. Jane looked at me
     and said "Whats the matter honey?" I told her to sit down and
     then I began to explain everything. I told her about the night I
     had peeped in on Carol and Joyce, what had happened
     afterwards and about the tapes. Jane got a slightly startled look
     on her face and I shook my head yes and said "Yes she even
     tapped the little scene with you Mandy, Joyce and herself." Jane
     started to explain I stopped her and said "Honey it is fine I
     enjoyed it but I want to be there the next time you girls do that.
     I still haven't got to fuck Carol or Joyce and I intend to." Jane
     let out a breath and smiled. She looked at me funny and said
     "Well honey whats the problem then?" I said watch and hit play
     on the VCR. After the tape was over Jane said "Well that
     explains alot, what are we going to do about it?" I told her to
     get Chris and bring him in here. She went to get Chris as I re-
     wound the tape again. Her and Chris stepped into the room
     about the same time as the tape had finished rewinding. I sat
     Chris down and asked him about his teacher. Chris tried to
     avoid the subject until I essured him that he wasn't in trouble at
     all. Chris came clean and said that Mr. Baxter had made him do
     all kinds of things and had been for a long time. I asked Chris
     why didn't he tell me or his mom when it started. Chris siad
     "Well Dad I was going to then I started to like the stuff that Mr.
     Baxter makes me do. I ask Chris if he had ever fucked a girl. he
     said "No dad, Mr. Baxter told me that I like cock too much to
     like girls also." I asked Chris if he had any interest in any of the
     girls in his class. Chris said "Well some of them do make my
     dick jump alittle and I feel like I do when I see a hard cock." I
     told Chris to go back to his room and I would talk to him later.
     Once he was gone I turned to Jane and said lets go. Jane said
     "Where are we going ?" I said I'm going to kick that
     motherfuckers ass." Jane got her shoes on I grabbed the tape
     and we headed out the door. I didn't know right where he lived
     but I did remember what street it was on. We drove down the
     street looking at mail boxes. Jane said "Honey its pretty late why
     don't we wait until the morning to do this ?" I looked at my
     watch and saw that it was almost 2AM. Fuck it we had come
     this far might as well take care of it right now. I looked at the
     mailbox on my left and saw the name "Baxter" onit. I pulled
     over to the curb and killed the engine. I started to get out as
     Jane opened her door. I told her "You wait here!" Jane said
     fuck that I'm going with you." I knew when Jane used that tone
     of voice that there was no use in arguing with her. I reached
     into the glove compartment and grabbed my pepper spray. I
     looked at Jane and said "Thats in case that dog gives me any
     trouble." We got out of the car and I handed the video tape to
     Jane. I noticed that the house was completely dark. Fuck it. I
     drew back my fist and pounded on the door. It took about 1
     minute of pounding until I saw a light come on upstairs in the
     house. I heard Dogman yell "Hang the fuck on!" then I heard
     the chain on the inside of the door come loose as the door knob
     turned. He swung the door open and began to say something
     just as my fist hit him right in the mouth. He fell back into the
     house flat on his ass. As he sat there dazed I quickly ran to him
     and kicked him square in the belly. I heard Jane close the door
     as Baxter collasped on the floor. I stood over him kicking him in
     the side telling him to get the fuck up. I looked into the next
     room and saw that big black dog standing there watching. I kept
     my eye on him but he really didn't seem to give a shit what was
     happening with his master because he turned and walked back
     into the dark. Baxter was comming around as he sat up I
     smacked him hard right accross the face and said "How does
     that feel motherfucker?" He was stuttering something like "waaa"
     Just then I heard a female voice say "Whats the meaning of
     this?" I looked up and there stood this woman I guess it was
     Baxters wife. she was about 5' 4" red haired
     around 45 or 50 years old. She was standing there in a blue
     bathrobe with her hand slutched to her chest. She looked very
     scarred but not surprized. I had to think of something quickly so
     I looked at Jane and said "Grab her" Jane moved more quickly
     than I had ever seen anyone move before and tackled the small
     woman to the floor. I punched Baxter in the head again to keep
     him down and took off for the kitchen. I grabbed a knife and
     came back into the room just as Baxter was sitting up again.
     Jane looked at me with fear in her eyes and said "Oh no jim
     don't do that." I looked at her I couldn't figure out what she was
     talking about then I remembered I was carrying a butcher knife
     in my hand. I looked at Jane as I moved accross the room and
     said "No honey I'm not going to kill anyone here." I unplugged
     the lamp cord and cut it with the knife. I did the same with the
     cord on the stero and a clock on the wall when I had finished I
     had 3 pretty good cords in my hand. I went over to Baxter
     rolled his big ass over and tied his hands behind his back. I then
     stood him up and threw him on the couch. I then tied his feet
     together. I could tell that he had nothing on underneith the
     robe he was wearing because it had parted a little and his gut
     was showing. I took the other cord and tied Mrs. Baxters hands
     in together. I tied them in front because she wouldn't cause us
     any trouble. When I had sat her on the couch beside her
     husband She said "Please could you tell me whats the meaning
     of this ? What are you going to do to us?" I told her to shut up
     and listen. I then began to describe the events that I had seen
     on the spy tape. I looked back and forth between Baxter and his
     wife. He was hanging his head not looking at anyone while Mrs
     Baxter (Mary) said "Why I don't believe any of this why are you
     telling these lies?" she then looked at her husband and said tell
     him Baxter,,,tell him he's lying. I smiled and said "He's not
     going to say anything to disput it and even if he did I have proof
     and held up the tape that had been laying on the floor. Baxter
     looked at the tape and groaned, his face went as white as a
     sheet. I moved towards the VCR and pluged the tape in. Baxter
     wouldn't look at the screen until I threatened to kick his ass
     again. Mary hos wife kept saying over and over again
     "Baxter...Baxter oh how could you?" I looked at baxter and
     noticed that his cock had gotten hard and was sticking out of his
     robe. I looked to the tape and saw that it was at the part where
     he was making chris suck his dogs cock. I looked at Mary and
     pointed to baxters exposed cock and said "Look he's turned on
     even now." I wanted to kill this motherfucker, but killing him
     was too good for the likes of him. I wanted him to suffer like
     Chris and my family has suffered over this tape. I got an idea,
     maybe it was the cum in my nuts or something else I don't
     know. Anyway, once the tape had finished. I had decided what I
     was going to do. I took Jane in the other room and explained it
     to her. she agreed with my plan and we moved back into the
     living room. I cut another cord this time off of the T.V. I went
     to Mary and untied her hands. I told her to stand and take her
     cloths off. She gasped and said "No I will not!" I smacked her
     and knocked her to the couch. At that Baxter "Spoke up and
     said you leave my wife alone!" I looked at Jane our little plan
     was going to work out perfect. I pulled mary back to her feet
     and began ripping her robe off. She had on a nightgown under
     it. I saw at once that she had a pretty nice set of tits. I reached
     up and grabbed the coller of her night gown and ripped it down
     the front. I then took the knife and cut the arms off of her. She
     was weeping and hanging her head but she didn't resist any
     further.
     She was standing there in her panties. I told her that she could
     take them off or I would do it for her. With that she brought
     her hands to the sides of her panties and pushed them down her
     legs.
     I saw that the hair on her pussy was as red as the hair on her
     head. She stepped out of her panties and kicked them towards
     me on the floor. I told her to sit back down and put her feet up
     on the cushion. Once she had done that I tied one of her wrists
     to her ankle and did the other one the same. There she sat
     naked with her legs tied to her wrists exposing her entire pussy
     to my view. Her tits were awsome. I reached out and tweeked
     one of her nipple and said to baxter "Why would you want to
     suck dogs and little boys when you have a fine piece of ass right
     here? Baxter was silently weeping at this point. I noticed that
     the nipple I had been playing with had gotten hard. I looked at
     Mary and asked "When is the last time you had sex Mary?" she
     wouldn't answer. I said "I'll bet its been a long time." With that I
     dropped my hand to mary's cunt and began rubbing her clit. Her
     pussy was already wet, this surprised me somewhat." I told Jane
     look here Honey I think she really wants this." Jane agreed and
     said. "Honey why don't you show her what a real cock look like,
     Chris has a bigger one than her husband does." I said "Why
     thats a good idea Honey and began to take my cloths off." I
     looked right at Mary as I removed my shoes, socks and shirt.
     She was staring intently at the crotch area of my pants. I stood
     up right in front of her face asw I unsnapped my pants and
     pulled the zipper down. I heard her breath catch in her throat as
     I lowered my pants and my 3/4 erect cock sprang into view. Jane
     came over and dropped to her knees right beside me. She gtook
     my cock in her hand and slowly stroked it back and forth. Once
     it had become fully erect she told Mary to lean forward. It was
     hard for Mary todo in the position that she was in. Mary leaned
     forward until her face was about 2 inches from my hard cock.
     Jane slowly stroked my cock and said "Mary I'll bet you would
     reallylove to taste this piece of cock meat wouldn't you?" Mary
     looked at jane and said "Oh yes please let me taste it." and tried
     to lean forward some more. Mary pulled my cock away from
     Mary's lips and said "Not just yet sweet mary, not just yet." Mary
     looked a little disapointed but very aroused. Jane then took her
     other hand and stuck her fingers into Mary's sopping pussy.
     Mary began to buck against Janes hand all the while trying to
     touch my cock with her lips. After about 2 minutes of this and
     Jane quickly pulled her fingers from Marys cunt and said. "Beg
     for his cock Mary I want you to beg." Mary immediately said
     "Oh please mistress oh please let me taste your husbands cock,
     it so big I know he has alot of cum." Jane then said "I'll consider
     it Mary but is there anything else you want?"
     Mary thought for about 2 seconds and said "Mistress would you
     please put your fingers back into my cunt, it feel empty with
     them gone." Janes smiled and told me to back up. I did as Jane
     stood and removed her cloths. She told Mary, "I'll let you suck
     on my husbands cock and finger your pussy if you treat me very
     good." Mary looked at janes body and said "I have never done
     anything with another girl before I don't think I can." Jane
     laughed and said "Shit your gonna do alot of stuff tonight that
     you have never done before while your dickless husband sits
     there with his little boner and watches. With that Jane layed
     Mary down on the floor. As Jane lowered her wet pussy to
     Mary's lips she looked at me and said "Honey, why don;t you
     see how Baxter likes sucking on a real mans cock ?" I shrugged
     and stepped over to baxter he turned his head away as my cock
     came even with his mouth. I smacked him on the side of his
     head, like he had done to chris and told him that I would knock
     his fucking teeth out if he didn't do as he was told. I must have
     gotten through to himn because he turned his head back
     around, opened his mouth and let my cock enter. As soon as the
     head of my cock had sliped past his teeth I rammed the entire
     length of my rod down his throat. He gagged for a little bit but
     it wasn't long before he got into it. I watched as Jane got her
     pussy eaten by Mary. Pretty soon baxter removed his mouth and
     said "Oh master please fuck my mouth like a pussy." I grabbed
     the bad of his head and began to fuck his mouth hard and fast. I
     felt the cum churing in my nuts and as I began to cum I pulled
     my cock out of his mouth and shot my load all over his face. I
     saw that Jane was grinding her cunt into marys mouth which
     meant she was cumming also. After Mary was through she sat
     Mary up and leaned her on the couch. Mary's face was a mess
     with Janes pussy juice. Baxters face was also a mess with my
     cum all over it. Mary asked "Can you please untie me my arms
     and legs hurt. With that Jane reached over and smacked Mary
     on the cheek. Jane said "I'll untie you when I get ready to and
     not a minute before, do you understand bitch?" Damm Jane was
     really getting into this. Mary quickly said "Oh I'm sorry mistress
     I won't complain anymore. Just then I got another idea. I
     looked at Mary and said. "Tell me mary how bad do you want a
     long cock in your pussy right now?" Mary looked at me and said
     "I'll do anything you say if you'll only fuck my poor empty pussy
     with your big cock. I looked at Jane and back at Mary and said
     "Call your doggy in here." Mary got a real frighten look on her
     face, shook her head bad and forth and said NO.. not that
     anything but that." Jane smacked her again and she again started
     to cry. I said "I'm going to ask you one more time then if you
     don't do as I say with no fuss or back talk I'm going to beat
     your husband to death and you'll never get any of this cock."
     With that I stepped over to Mary and stuck my cock head
     square on her lips. She quickley opened her mouth and tried to
     suck it in. I pulled back and told her No. I then said "Mary call
     your dog in here." Mary hesitated and then called "Max..Max..
     come here boy." With that I heard that big fucking dog paddle
     his way into the living room. He stood there sniffing the air and
     looking at us. After about 45 seconds he walked over to Baxter
     and started licking his cock. I pulled him away and said "No
     Max not this time." I then pointed Max's nose towards Marys
     exposed cunt. Once Max got the scent of her hot wet pussy he
     immediately started licking it with his huge tounge. Max must
     have been doing a real good job because Mary was going nuts.
     She started cumming almost at once. I could see that Max's cock
     was fully extended and dripping liquid. I told Jane to help me as
     we sat Mary up on the edge on the coffee table. Her ass was
     partely handing off of the table. We laid her down as Maxc kept
     licking her slit. I grabbed Max's front paws and raised him up
     while walking him forward. His cock was inches away from
     Mary's pussy. I watched as Max started humping the air near
     Marys waiting pussy. I grabbed Max's cock and put the tip into
     Mary, Max took over then and shoved his entire length into
     Mary. As Max humped marys pussy I could see that he was
     trying to get the knot at the base of his cock into mary also.
     Finally he did and I could tell that Mary loved it because she
     started moaning and saying "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh" as she came
     again. Damm Mary was one hot little bitch. After a few more
     minutes I made Max get down. He quickley went over to jane
     and stuck his nose in her crotch. Jane started to push him away
     until he snaked his long tounge out and licked Janes pussy.
     Janes laid back and spread her legs and let Max do his thing.
     My cock was at full attention by this point.
     I walked over and lower my cock to the entrance of Marys
     pussy. As I entered her she moaned again and said Give me all
     of your cock master, I want it all. I looked over at Jane and saw
     that she was now rubbing her clit while max lick her cunt. I felt
     my cum raising in my nuts and shoved my cock deep into Marys
     pussy. As I started pumping cum into Mary's pussy she started
     cumming also. I looked at Jane and saw that she was really close
     also.
     After Jane had finished We looked over at Baxter and saw that
     he had cum also. Nobody he ever touched him and he sat there
     tied up and shot his load just watching. 

Well this is the end of chapter 3 if you want more you have but to
ask and say what you would like to see next.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....