Archive-name: 3plus/mandy-1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Mandy Conquers Her AIDS Fears


   Fridays always seem to drag.  With the week-end to look forward to, and
   my boyfriend's promise of a nice restaurant meal that night, I found it
   hard to concentrate on boring office work.  It was my eighteenth birth-
   day soon, and the meal was an early celebration.

   Mike and I had been going steady for six months.  Before that I didn't
   see anyone on a regular basis and used to sleep around an awful lot, but
   with all the talk about AIDS I started trying to control my urges.  Mike
   just came along at the right moment, invited me out a few times, and
   then we'd settled into a routine.

   Usually, we meet up Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, and stay in to play
   records, watch TV and make love at either his place or mine.  On Thurs-
   days he goes out with his mates and I with mine, whilst on week-ends we
   mostly go up the West End and hit one of the flashy discos.

   This Saturday, though, a couple I'd stayed friends with for about a year
   had invited me along to a party.  The only problem was I knew they used
   to be swingers.  The husband was a real hunk and his wife used to en-
   courage me to screw with him every time I went round.  In those days I'd
   just go along with their randy suggestions, and the sex was always
   great, so I had a pretty good idea of how the party might eventually de-
   velop.

   Not wanting to upset my friends, instead of giving them a straight "no"
   I'd promised to call them Saturday morning after I'd checked with Mike.
   My hope was he'd have something else arranged for us which would give me
   an excuse to duck out without giving them any offence.

   Mike was waiting to meet me when I left work.  "Hi Sexy!"  Came his
   usual greeting.  We kissed.  I felt his big hand give my little bum a
   powerful squeeze, and my sex-urge began to soar.  He let me suck his
   tongue and rub my pubes against his manly bulge, then gently pushed me
   away.  He gave a little laugh.  "I'll bet fifty quid your crotch is sop-
   ping wet now."

   I pulled a face and pouted.  "Mike! I can't help being so randy!"  He
   was so right though, my pantie-gusset felt all squishy and already I
   could feel my lust-juice leaking down the insides of both my thighs.  It
   was two long days since he'd pampered and teased my body until I'd
   screamed for him to plunge inside me.  Then he'd grabbed me by the hips
   and used me, just like a rough strong labourer urgently seeking his own
   satisfaction, until finally he'd creamed inside me.  I adore feeling the
   man's body shudder while his prostate is pumping sperm into my womb, and
   can't deny my frequent need for sexual fulfilment.

   As a normal healthy seventeen year-old girl, I find it hard to go with-
   out sex for more than a day, especially having been used to sleeping
   around such a lot before.  In those days it was so easy to get laid that
   I was never frustrated, and would sleep with a guy for a bet, a lift
   home, just for a laugh, or often simply because he'd asked me.  Now I'm
   crawling up the wall after two days without, and at that moment I needed
   to feel Mike inside me again.

   "Please take me somewhere Mike,"  I appealed to him,  "I want sex so bad
   I can't think straight!"  He grinned, then steered me towards his car.
   I felt his hand grope my crotch as I swung my legs inside, no doubt to
   check just how wet I was for him.  Mike told me that the restaurant he'd
   chosen was so much in demand the only available table reservation didn't
   allow time to take me home first, but I wasn't really paying attention.
   At that moment my mind was totally preoccupied with sex sex sex and
   anything else could wait.  He drove into a nearby multi-storey car park
   and followed the circular route all the way to the top floor, then
   parked in a far corner.

   "Okay Sexy,"  He said,  "Pull up your skirt and let me see you take off
   those wet panties."  I did as I was told, then helped Mike to remove his
   trousers and undershorts.  The sight of his cock made my pussy quiver
   like mad and my sex-glands ooze so much musky oil into my love-tunnel I
   could feel it dribbling out of me, filling the car with its powerful
   scent.

   "Lift your right leg up high."  He instructed.  I pulled my leg up as
   far as it would go so Mike could get between my thighs, then he began to
   rub his fat cock up and down my hot wet slit.  I could feel his manhood
   start to stiffen as our flesh rubbed.  God! How I needed a good fuck
   right then.

   "For God's sake Mike!"  I pleaded,  "Fuck me, please!"  I pushed my hips
   up at him.  "Go on, do me good and hard!"  He stopped moving about, then
   I felt my pussy walls begin to stretch as he invaded me.  Deeper and
   deeper his big yummy penis explored my sex organs, once again staking
   out his territory where so many other cocks had briefly visited before.
   I gave a big sigh.  Once a man gets inside me I'm completely his, to use
   however he wishes.  Its always been that way.  God knows how I'd cope if
   a rapist ever got hold of me, 'cos I know I'd just cave in once his big
   dirty cock found its way inside me.

   Mike rutted me with a strong and masculine ferocity which I needed after
   two days' abstinence.  Our passion rose higher with each hard thrust, my
   clitoris sending showers of sparks throughout my aroused body.  I sensed
   Mike was approaching the point of no return and urged him on even more,
   aching for that final release which my overactive libido craved so
   badly.

   "Aaaaarrrgh!"  Mike thrust forward, burying himself inside me, and I
   felt his cock jerk repeatedly as his lovely cum spewed into my womb.
   "Oh yes!"  I cried, elatedly, then a strong orgasm overtook me and I
   kept shuddering, my pussy walls pulsating with pleasure as Mike flooded
   my insides. It was just what I needed, and I wallowed in the sensuous
   feeling of carnality for some long minutes until our emotions finally
   subsided.

   We re-dressed and headed up-town to the classy restaurant.  My wet pussy
   leaked constantly so I had to sit with my skirt pulled back but I didn't
   care.  I was with my man, and I felt normal again.

   Whilst we were between courses I raised the subject of Saturday.
   "Mike,"  I began,  "What have you arranged for us tomorrow night?"

   He gave me an awkward sort of grin.  "Sorry Sexy,"  He calmly apolo-
   gised,  "But we won't see each other tomorrow night."  My disappointment
   must have shown on my face because he reached across and stroked my leg
   gently.  "I promised to meet my brother off his plane at Manchester and
   we won't get back to London until the early hours."

   "Oh Mike!"  I pouted at him,  "And I was so looking forward to going out
   dancing with you tomorrow night!"  He took his hand away and sat back in
   his chair, making me feel slightly rejected.  "Josie and Keith had in-
   vited me to a party at their house tomorrow, but I was going to turn
   them down."  I daren't tell him the real reason for my reluctance.  "I'd
   much rather see you instead..."

   "I said I was sorry."  Mike retorted, somewhat impatiently,  "I'd rather
   see you too but I've made a promise!"  His face softened into a smile.
   "Look, you go and enjoy the party and I'll meet you for Sunday lunch in-
   stead. Okay?"  I nodded my head reluctantly.

   We finished the meal, and after some pleading on my part, Mike agreed to
   spend the night at my place.  During the night I woke up a couple of
   times feeling all randy and climbed on top of him for more scrumptious
   nooky.  By the morning we were both pretty shagged out but that didn't
   stop me sucking him hard again for a final forceful fuck before he got
   up to wash, then dressed and kissed me goodbye.

   By then it was around ten-thirty.  My pussy was all wet and squashy but
   I felt just great, confident that I could last out until I'd see Mike
   again the next day.  On an impulse I phoned Josie and accepted her invi-
   tation, to which she squealed with delight.  "We'll have a ball, dar-
   ling!"  Josie gushed, excitedly,  "Wear something nice and daring!"  She
   instructed, and I just laughed back at her before ringing off.

   By eight o'clock I'd showered, done my hair and make-up.  Hunting
   through my wardrobe for something to wear I came across a crumpled dress
   which had slipped off its hanger.  Holding it up I remembered buying it
   about a year earlier for a blind date.  The material was a shocking red
   clingy lycra, and the neck scooped low to reveal loads of cleavage.  The
   back plunged to below the waist, making a bra impossible to wear, whilst
   the high-thigh hemline meant the only stockings I could wear with it
   were a long black lacy pair from my bottom drawer.  They were part of a
   matching set which included sexy suspenders and extremely brief panties.

   On a wicked impulse I put everything on then turned to look at myself in
   the full length mirror.  Though I say it myself, the effect was stun-
   ning.  Oh sure, everything showed through the thin skin-tight material.
   Nipples, suspenders stretched almost to hem-level and a distinct outline
   of scanty knickers.  "But then,"  I thought to myself,  "Why should a
   lively seventeen year-old look like a dreary high fashion model when
   she's going to a party?"

   I grabbed a long coat and put it on, then went out the door and hailed a
   passing taxi.

   The taxi dropped me off at the gate.  Josie and Keith's house is a
   lovely Georgian building, and the lights shining from the windows re-
   minded me of a dolls house I'd had as a child.  I rang the doorbell and
   Keith opened the door.  Inside the hallway he took my coat.

   "My God, Mandy!"  He exclaimed, enthusiastically,  "You look sensa-
   tional!"  He cupped his hands round my bum and gave me a French kiss.  I
   squirmed, feeling embarrassed as his tongue explored my mouth, but a
   little excited by the bold way he kneaded his fingers into my small pli-
   able buttocks.

   We parted.  He still looked just as hunky and attractive.  "You're still
   a real cheeky hunk of beefcake yourself, Keith!"  I laughingly remon-
   strated.  "Now how about being a gentleman and getting me a drink?"

   He led me through to their spacious lounge.  About a dozen people were
   there already and Keith introduced me to everyone.  They all looked very
   attractive and slim, the men included, and I suddenly realised they were
   giving me an appreciative looking over.

   Keith handed me a drink from the bar, gave my bum a friendly squeeze
   then went to answer the doorbell.  I felt someone behind me tweak a
   suspender and turned to see Josie grinning like a Cheshire cat.  "Mandy!
   You randy little tart!"  She chuckled,  "I bet you daren't wear that
   little lot in Safeway's!"  With her index finger she poked at my breasts,
   trying to persuade my conspicuous nipples to stay in.

   "Josie!"  I exclaimed, trying to fend her off,  "Backless dresses aren't
   supposed to be worn with a bra!"  I laughed at her, but she was focusing
   on my boobs and grinning.  I looked down and groaned.  My nipples had
   hardened into a pair of pointed nubs straining to push right through the
   material.  Josie pinched them in turn between her finger and thumb, and
   a familiar tingle ran through my loins.  "That's better!"  She cheekily
   declared, as if she'd just corrected a wayward strand of hair,  "Now
   tell me who you fancy?"

   I spent the next few minutes repeating that Mike was my steady boyfriend
   and I'd stopped sleeping around, but it didn't put her off.  She kept on
   tweaking my aroused nipples and demanding an answer until eventually, to
   shut her up, I nodded towards an early thirties type of dark-haired guy
   who I'd locked eyes with when I first entered the room.  "I suppose he
   looks okay...."  Although I'd tried to sound nonchalant Josie grinned at
   me triumphantly, and I couldn't miss the glint in her eye.

   As the evening progressed, and with a few drinks inside me, I began to
   relax.  All the other party guests were attractive and the conversation
   was sparkling, often very risque, and after a while I was giving as good
   as I got.  All the women wore sexy and revealing party-type outfits, and
   when one of them, Cheryl, casually asked to see my undies I heedlessly
   lifted the hem of my mini-dress to show her.  Of course, this provoked
   the men, and their guffaws were soon drowned by shrieks of laughter from
   the women as, repeatedly, their short skirts were yanked up to reveal
   some of the most deliciously decadent underwear I'd seen.  I noticed
   some girls were wearing crotchless knickers or even none at all, as were
   Cheryl and Josie, but nobody seemed in any rush to cover themselves.

   I laughed loudly at the outrageous antics and, feeling slightly tipsy, I
   just giggled when a pair of male hands slipped under my arms from behind
   to squeeze and fondle my bra-less tits.

   "Oh damn and blast this stupid AIDS business!"  I thought to myself as I
   let him have his feel.  "All the real fun's gone out of parties since
   the fucking stopped!"  I remembered how I used to look forward to Satur-
   day nights, when sex-parties were all the rage,  "It was just so excit-
   ing in those days!"  I recalled, wistfully,  "Indulging in open group
   sex and being able to sleep with anyone without feeling obligated in any
   way...."

   Involuntarily, I jerked in response to an arousing tweak of my jutting
   nipples, bringing my concentration back to the present.  "Oh my God!"  I
   exclaimed, as my eyes re-focused.  A couple of girls had taken off their
   dresses and were kissing each other, whilst being intimately fondled by
   two men.  Cheryl was standing with her legs apart.  Her dress had been
   pulled up to her waist, and she was alternately giggling then moaning as
   another guy stroked his fingers between her open thighs.

   I felt a hand drop from my right breast to my stomach and I swung round
   to identify its owner.  In the split second before he pressed his mouth
   to mine I recognised him as the dark-haired early thirties type, whom
   Josie's earlier pestering had made me acknowledge his attractiveness.
   His tongue pushed into my mouth and, before I realised it, I found my-
   self responding to the hardness pressing against my pubes.

   "Oh God, I can't control this!"  I sensed, hazily, as erotic images be-
   gan to dance across my mind.  Then, what seemed like the ideal solution
   sprang into my brain!  Instead of resisting, I could have sex, safe sex
   with just this one guy, then nobody could say I was backing out but it
   wouldn't be really like being unfaithful to Mike either!

   He steered me upstairs and found a twin-bedded room in which a couple
   were busily sucking at each other's genitals.  He told me to sit on the
   spare bed while he undressed.  His cock was almost fully erect when it
   sprung out of his pants, and when he thrust it towards me it only seemed
   fair that I should suck it for him.  An earthy lust was beginning to
   take over, and when he pulled off my knickers I was yearning for him to
   fuck me.

   "Would you mind,"  I whispered to him, feeling a bit awkward,  "If we
   have safe sex...?"  He gave me a funny look, then shook his head.
   "Yeah. Okay,"  He agreed, somewhat reluctantly,  "If that's what you
   want."  Then he held out his hand towards me.  "Hand it over and I'll
   put it on for you."  I stared blankly at him.

   "Haven't you got one?"  I asked, cursing my slip-up.  My mind was send-
   ing out warning signals.  "Oh why hadn't I thought about it downstairs?"
   I reprimanded myself.  He had moved closer.  The warmth of the room, the
   sound and smell of sex and his nakedness kept me aroused.  I looked
   round, in a vain but desperate search for help, but protection was obvi-
   ously the last thing on the other couple's mind as they fucked and
   licked without any restraint at all.

   I was still leaning back onto the bed.  My partner, whose name I still
   didn't know, had positioned himself between my thighs and was leaning
   forward, using one arm to support his weight.  "'Fraid not,"  He an-
   swered,  "And don't you dare ask me to go and buy one while I'm like
   this..."  To emphasize what he meant he rubbed his bloated erection
   against my exposed crotch.  My cunt began to lubricate freely, and I
   didn't know what to say or do next.  I stared up at him expectantly,
   waiting for him to suggest an alternative solution.  Instead, he eased
   himself forwards and I felt the familiar pressure against my lower
   vulva.  My mouth opened to voice my protest, but before I could speak he
   was inside me and sliding deeper into my hot wetness.

   It was too late.  I gasped, partly from the sexual release I always feel
   whenever I'm penetrated, but mostly from the awareness that I was engag-
   ing in a dangerous game of unprotected sex with a stranger.  Neverthe-
   less, my senses were already aroused and, although very fearful of the
   risks, I no longer could summon any strength of will to resist what was
   happening.

   "Oh, God!"  I kept repeating as he kept thrusting his naked phallus high
   up against my cervix, then almost withdrew only to bury the shaft inside
   me once again.  He was dominating me and conquering my weak resistance.
   Ravishing my teenage body, and taking full advantage of my submissive
   and passionate nature without giving a damn for the consequences.

   Suddenly, he pulled out and told me to turn over.  God only knows why I
   didn't scramble away from him when I had the chance, but before I had
   realised what I was doing I was on my knees.  He pressed my head into
   the pillow and quickly entered me again.  By this time my body was tin-
   gling with lust but I was also trembling with fear.  I'd read somewhere
   that AIDS can take years to show itself, and the stories some of my
   friends had told me had frightened me rigid.

   He quickened his movements and I cried out involuntarily as my sensitive
   clitoris exploded into orgasm.  I buried my face in the pillow, unable
   to move, and despite the ecstatic release I dreaded what was about to
   happen.  I began to sense a twitching along his shaft and knew he was
   about to pump sperm-laden semen high up into my cunt, knew it would seep
   into my womb to coat its delicate walls, and knew it would inevitably
   leak into my fallopian tubes, that most private and intimate region of
   my sex organs...

   "Aaarggh"  He groaned aloud and spasmed twice.  I felt a stream of
   creamy warmth surging deep into my vagina, and I orgasmed again in a
   spontaneous response with my muscles flexing automatically, milking all
   the virile sex-juice out of his body and into mine.

   "Oh, my God!"  I exclaimed under my breath, as our mutual ecstasy fi-
   nally began to subside.  The fluttering up and down my pussy walls was
   slowly diminishing, and I could feel the cock within me gradually with-
   draw as it lost its stiffness.

   Oh sure, having sex like that was wild and electrifying, but I was now
   terrified of whatever else the good-looking stranger might have given
   me.  All the publicity about AIDS had made a big impression on many
   people, including myself, and I couldn't reconcile that with the un-
   restrained and promiscuous way in which the other party guests were be
   having.

   I felt him withdraw completely and move away from me.  Not daring to
   face him I kept my face buried into the pillow, waiting until he'd left
   the room.  "How can I possibly face Mike tomorrow?"  I whimpered to my-
   self, feeling the tears begin to fill my eyes.

   Suddenly, two strong hands gripped my buttocks from behind.  I tried to
   move forwards in an attempt to break free but was hoisted back.  An arm
   snaked around my waist to restrain me, and it was then that I could feel
   familiar hard rubbery flesh rubbing against my thighs.

   "Oh God, Noooooooo!"  I heard myself wail, as I felt the other hand grab
   hold of the hard masculine organ and confidently trace the end around my
   wet groove.  After making a second ineffective attempt to move I sud-
   denly froze when the bloated knob nuzzled between my swollen petals and
   pressed against my dilated orifice.

   "No, please!"  I beseeched him in my sincerest voice, but it was a fu-
   tile plea since he entered me as I spoke.  A gasp of shock tinged with
   pleasure escaped from my lips as this second phallus, slimmer than the
   first, slid right inside me without any hesitation.  I twisted my head
   to look over my left shoulder.  In the dim red light I recognised my
   rapist's features as Josie's husband, Keith, who grinned back at me ar-
   rogantly, as though I'd actually wanted him to fuck me.

   The thought crossed my mind that Keith, who I'd previously known to be
   considerate, might just have used a sheath for my benefit.  With one
   hand I reached back between my thighs and traced a finger along his shaft
   as he almost withdrew, but he wasn't wearing any protective either.
   "Oh my God!"  I prayed, silently, as he repeatedly thrust his cock deep
   into my vulnerable pussy.

   Certainly, my hormones and sex glands were working overtime, and I was
   lubricating like mad.  So, knowing I could do nothing more, I tried hard
   to put all thoughts about the risks I was running out of my mind.  Keith
   had always been an expert lover, and his flickering fingers played havoc
   with my clitoris.  Waves of sexual desire washed over me until eventu-
   ally a wonderful series of multiple orgasms crashed through my brain.

   I found myself helping him to pull my dress up over my head, leaving me
   in just suspenders and stockings, then he began pulling and teasing my
   nipples which aroused and excited me even more.  Next, he leaned over to
   one side, pushed my leg forward and rolled me over, without de-coupling,
   to get into the missionary position.  He rotated his hips, triggering my
   clit into more orgasms as his cockhead massaged my womb.  He then sucked
   my breasts and kissed my mouth.  I couldn't stop myself from responding,
   and instinctively sucked on his tongue like it was a baby's dummy.

   Long minutes later, the familiar stirrings in my groin signalled he was
   about to ejaculate and for some subconscious reason I brought my legs
   right back until my knees were above my shoulders.  Keith took advantage
   and plunged his cock even deeper as he climaxed.  He growled as his
   convulsions began and I felt his hot cum spurting against the fleshy
   walls of my defenceless vagina.

   When our breathing had returned to normal again, Keith gave me one last
   soul kiss before pulling out.  He got off the bed, then reached between
   my thighs and frigged his forefinger against my clit, causing me to gasp
   out loud as yet another orgasm washed over me.  I opened my eyes, and
   saw another guy standing next to Keith.  He looked about Mike's age but
   he was nowhere near as attractive.  All the same he had a cheeky infec-
   tious grin which provoked me into smiling back, and his nakedness seemed
   irrelevant.

   "Hey, Mandy!"  Chuckled the cheeky newcomer, knowingly,  "Tell me what's
   this called?"  He reached towards my vee only to boldly ruffle his fin-
   gers through my wiry bush.  I laughed at his brazen cheekiness.  "As if
   you didn't know already,"  I answered with a smile,  "Its called pubic
   hair."

   "No its not!"  He retorted, impertinently, his grin becoming wider,
   "It's called your welcome mat!  I couldn't help bursting out laughing,
   and flung my arms out to invite him closer.  He lay down by my side and
   pulled me close before easing my leg over his thigh.  I felt him reach
   inside my thighs to fit his erection into position, and this time just a
   sigh escaped my lips as I sensed his cock slip comfortingly inside then
   slowly burrowed deeper into my body.

   I felt strangely liberated yet couldn't comprehend why, until eventually
   the realisation dawned on me.  I'd stopped worrying, and was experienc-
   ing nothing except sexual pleasure!  I hadn't recognised it at the time,
   but Keith's rape must have been just what I'd needed, and now I seemed
   able to escape from the self-imposed abstinence which I'd been suffering
   from all those months past.

   Somehow he'd managed to unblock the false prejudices in my mind so I
   could be like I was before, without any inhibitions.  I suppose the al-
   cohol must have relaxed me too, but by forcing me to have sex against my
   wishes Keith had also complelled me to overcome and suppress all my ir-
   rational fears about AIDS.  Remarkably, I now found myself thinking
   that, as long as the sex was this good, I just didn't want to know about
   AIDS any more!  It was as though my soul had been cleansed and I felt
   free once again, totally free to give myself up to the strong sexual
   lust which burned so brightly within me.

   Pushing my crotch hard against the guy's groin, I rotated my hips to
   make his hardness gouge into my cunt walls.  I wanted him to make my
   cunt ache.  "What's your name Superstud?"  I managed to gasp in his ear
   as a series of small orgasms racked through me.  "Trev,"  He answered in
   a deeper voice,  "But my friends call me Trigger."

   "Alright, Trigger,"  I responded, thrusting my hips forward again,
   "Fuck me harder please."  His grin broadened as I spoke.  "D'you think
   you could fuck me so hard I'll still feel it tomorrow?"

   By way of reply he lifted both my legs and pushed them right back, lift-
   ing my bum off the bed.  Then he started.  After first burying his cock
   to the root he began a non-stop sequence of hard jerks, bouncing the
   knob against my cervix before changing direction to pummel the surround-
   ing soft flesh.

   It wasn't long before a glowing heat built up inside my belly.  I
   guessed his battering had was bruising my cervix, but he kept up the
   rhythm and I was proud of my ability to bear it too.  And when he fi-
   nally did cum inside me I so desperately wanted to feel it.  Oh God,
   this time I simply craved to feel it as my third helping of hot creamy
   sperm was spewed high up into that throbbing cunt of mine.

   My libido had finally gone into overdrive, and I had to give it a free
   rein.  Turning over, I stuck my bum in the air and buried my face in the
   pillow, exposing my wet fleshy pussy to everyone.  Despite the throbbing
   pangs within my cunt I fucked another three men, one after the other, and
   this time without seeing their faces or even caring who they were, yet I
   felt nothing but ecstasy and pride when those cocks spurted their slimy
   sperm deep inside my warm and welcoming genital organs.

   After that I just felt too sore to take any more so I got up and, still
   feeling woozy with excitement and alcohol, stood giggling as some of the
   spunk brew leaked out my hole and dribbled down my stockinged legs.  My
   bladder then began sending its usual signals, so I found my clothes and
   made my way to the loo.  After finishing my pee I tidied myself up a bit
   and re-dressed though I couldn't stop my partners' spunk from languidly
   oozing out between my cuntlips, and to be honest I loved the sensation.
   My pantie-gusset was soaked by the time I got downstairs but I didn't
   care, and wantonly parted my thighs for some guy who just wanted to kiss
   and feel me up as we passed on the stairs.

     To be continued...
--
