   Tuesday started off very much as per usual for Marcie.  She woke up,
stretched and rolled over on her back.  She considered rolling over
again and sleeping late then she remembered; School was over for the
summer!  That meant that she could sit around the pool all day.  No
wait, Mom had said something last night about going shopping.  Well,
that was ok too.

    Marcie got out of bed and looked at herself appraisingly in the full
length mirror. 'She was in pretty good shape for a 17 year old girl',
she thought.  Her legs were long and sleek and her tan line was just
beginning. 'She would be dark brown by the end of the summer.', she
thought to herself.  Her breasts were firm and she loved her nipples
best.  Marcie had been blessed with extra thick, long nipples.  They
were a light shade of pink and Marcie would have preferred them to be
darker but they were soooooo sensitive.  She reached up and gave them a
little tweak.  They crinkled right away becoming hard and tight under
Marcie's pinching fingers.  She turned around and looked over her
shoulder at the image of her ass in the mirror. 'My best feature.', she
thought.

    She ran her hands over her smooth buttocks imagining that they were
her mom's hands.  She reached down and held her buttocks lewdly apart
exposing her pink anus.  This was one of the most sensitive areas of
Marcie's body.  She would be mortified if anyone ever found out how much
she loved playing with herself there.  Marcie wondered what it would be
like for someone else to touch her ass.

    She showered quickly and couldn't resist playing with herself while
under the streaming water.  Her hand slid down to her lightly haired
pussy and began soaping it.  She let two fingers slide deep into her and
moaned as she did it.  Her fingers began sliding in and out in a
delicious rhythm.  Her left hand reached down to get soapy too and then
Marcie let one finger slide slowly into her hot rear.  The fingers in
her pussy felt the intrusion of her rear finger deep in her body.
Marcie shuddered and let out a little cry as she came.  She looked down
at her puss and started slowly shaving her bikini line. 'Maybe she'd
take the sun later.', she thought.  She worked her way up her inner
thighs and down her flat belly toward her puss.  She was left with a
tiny triangle of curly blond hairs.  Marcie hesitated a moment and then
continued.  Her mom kept her own pussy shaved and Marcie had often
wondered what it would be like as well.  She giggled as she removed the
last of the unwanted hair.  This was turning her on!

Marcie and her mom drove downtown.  Marcie was dying to find out
where they were going but her mom just wouldn't tell.  Finally they
arrived at a small boutique in the fashion quarter.  Marcie noticed
the shop display was completely filled with lacy, sexy lingerie. She
figured that her mom was picking out something sexy to turn her dad
on that night.  She already had a large collection of lingerie.

    They went into the shop and her mom led her toward the back of the
store.  The manager greeted Marcie's mother warmly, "Hi Janice.  This
must be your daughter Marcie."  Marcie shook her hand and then they were
led back to sit down in a large fitting room.  "Marcie,", said her mom,
"I know you're going to your prom next week and I've decided to treat
you to something special.  Laura and I are going to pick out some
wonderful lingerie for you to wear on under your prom dress."  Marcie's
eyes opened wide. She had never owned anything that sexy before.  "Now
take off that dress and we'll get started.", said her mother.

    Marcie hesitated as she looked at Laura. "Don't be embarrassed
Marcie.", said the store manager, "I've seen many, many women naked in
here."  Marcie slowly undid the buttons on her summer dress and pulled
it over her head.  She was left in her matching pink bra and bikini
panty set.  "Your bra too Marcie.", said Laura. Marcie blushed as she
unclasped the flimsy garment and took it off. Laura and her mother
looked openly at her firm breasts.  Laura now took out a series of
different bras.  Each was more ealing and more risque than the last.
Marcie blushed again as she felt Laura's hands adjusting the bra and
moving her breasts in them.  Her mother and Laura looked at each bra
appraisingly, having Marcie turn this way and that as she modeled the
flimsy garments.  They finally settled on a push-up half-bra that left
most of her breasts uncovered.  It more presented her breasts than
protected them.  It was more daring than anything Marcie could have
imagined wearing.

    She looked at herself in the mirrors of the room and she couldn't
deny that the effect was exciting.  Marcie was embarrassed that her
nipples hardened once again as she looked at them.  The nipples were
completely on display above the top of the white lace.  Both Laura and
her mom noticed them immediately and smiled knowingly at Marcie. "OK
Marcie, now take off those panties.", said Laura, "We're going to try on
some stockings and garter belts."  Marcie began to reach down and remove
her panties when su nly she remembered; Her pussy was completely shaved!
Marcie turned bright red and stopped.  "Uh, uh, couldn't I keep them
on.", she stammered in a tiny voice.  "Marcie", said her mother, "Do as
you're told.  Now, get those panties off."  "But I don't want to.", said
Marcie.

    Her mother's face suddenly took on a very stern expression.  "You
    will remove those panties right now, young lady."  Marcie's face was
    now hot and flushed.  "Please, no." she whimpered.  "Come over here
    Marcie.", said her mother in a no-nonsense voice.  Marcie shuffled
    over to her mother's side.  This was just how she sounded when
    Marcie was about to get a spanking.  Surely she wouldn't get one
    here!  Not here in front of a strange woman.

    Marcie soon had her question answered as her mother reached out and
grabbed her wrists and pulled her over her lap.  Marcie's embarrassment
reached a peak and she felt tears welling up behind her eyes.  Her
mother grasped the waistband of Marcie's panties and pulled them down
and off her long legs.  The spanking started next and Marcie felt her
bottom get hot under the stinging spanks of her mother.  Marcie's face
was hot and wet with tears when her mother finally stood her up.  Her
hands moved immediately to cover her pussy.  "Put those hands down
Marcie.", said her mom.  Reluctantly Marcie dropped her hands to her
side.  Now her shaven slit was completely visible.  She saw her mother
smile as she saw it.  Laura too was looking right at the exposed pussy
lips.  Marcie thought she would die of embarrassment.  "Marcie, Laura
will now finish your spanking.", said her mom.

    Marcie slowly shuffled over to Laura. Tears trickled down her cheeks
in humiliation as she bent over the woman's lap.  Laura took her time,
readjusting Marcie several times until her bottom was in the best
position.  Marcie felt the older woman's left hand holding her firmly at
the small of her back.  Her right hand rested gently on Marcie's already
pink buttocks.  Marcie felt Laura's hand gently stroking her bottom in a
soothing motion for a moment before the spanking began.  Laura gave
Marcie several hard, quick spanks then paused, her hand resting gently
on her warm cheeks.  The spanking continued like that for a while.
Laura would give four or five spanks then pause to stroke the young
teenage bottom gently.  It was like no other punishment that Marcie had
ever experienced and she had experienced many.

    After a couple of minutes, Marcie had almost gotten used to stroking
when Laura's hand stroked gently down her cheeks and Marcie felt Laura
fingers trailing delicately along her crack!  They passed teasingly over
Marcie's sensitive anus and continued down to her slit.  Marcie shivered
at the touch.  It was soooooo exciting.  Five or six hard smacks
followed then Laura's fingers again glided down between Marcie's cheeks.
Laura paused for a moment.  "Open your legs Marcie.", she said.  Marcie
allowed her gs to fall open.  Laura's finger slid lower and lower, all
the way down to her clit which was, by now, soaked in Marcie's own
juices.  "Stand up Marcie.", said Laura.  Marcie got to her feet slowly
feeling the heat in her buttocks and a different kind of heat in her
pussy.  Laura looked over at Marcie's mom.  "Janice, she's soaking
wet.", she said.  Marcie's face blushed red again as this was announced.
"I think she enjoys being submissive." continued Laura. Marcie's mom
smiled.  "Yes I know.", she said, "She's been getting aroused for ages
whenever her father or I have given her a bare-bottomed spanking.

    Marcie couldn't believe her ears!  Here was her own mother and this
strange woman discussing her most intimate moments right out in the
open!  Nothing more was said for the moment and Laura busied herself
getting garter belts and stockings onto Marcie.  They finally settled on
a set that left Marcie looking hotter than she thought she ever would.
Again she posed in the clothing, but this time the poses became more and
more suggestive.  Marcie willingly followed all of the instructions. She
felt her puss becoming more and more wet and every once in a while, she
would notice in the mirror the glisten of her juices on her slit.

    Finally Laura ordered into the middle of the room and had her stand
with her legs wide apart and her hands clasped behind her head.  Marcie
was told to remain in this position.  "We're going to ask you some
questions Marcie", said her mom, "and I want you to answer honestly and
fully." Marcie's breathing had quickened.  "OK", she said in a low
voice. "First of all", asked Laura, 'When was the first time you
masturbated?" Marcie's face turned red again as she stammered out her
reply, "About two years ago."  "How often do you masturbate?", asked her
mother. "Almost every day.", said Marcie hesitantly.  "What objects have
you inserted in your pussy?", asked Laura.  Marcie slowly listed her
hairbrush, her fingers, a long necked bottle and a small cucumber. "Have
you ever put your finger into your bottom?", asked her mother. Marcie
looked at her mother in shock!  She could barely get the word out,
"Yyyyyeeeeess", she said.  Laura and her mom smiled.  "What objects have
you put into your ass?", asked Laura.  Marcie's voice was shaking as she
told about using her fingers, the handle of her brush and a tube of
lipstick up there.  "Oh, I think we can do better than that.", said
Laura mysteriously.

    The questioning went on as Marcie described everything sexual that
    she had ever done.  She even the time that her boyfriend Bobby had
    almost taken her virginity at the beach.  When they had finished
    asking everything they could think of, Marcie was flushed and almost
    panting.  She had never been so turned on in her life!  Laura left
    the room for a moment and returned carrying a small box.  Marcie was
    still standing as instructed with her legs apart and her hands
    behind her head.

    Laura opened the box and leaned over to whisper something to her
mother.  Marcie's mom smiled and nodded her head. Laura looked up at the
young girl "Turn around Marcie then bend over and touch your toes.",
said her mother, "Laura is going to give you a special present.  Marcie
did as she was asked.  She hoped that the present wasn't another
spanking...  Her bottom was already sore. Between her legs she saw Laura
take something out of the box and begin covering it with some kind of
ointment.  As Laura turned toward Marcie, the object became visible as a
small plastic dildo that was shiny with the lubricant covering it.
Marcie felt Laura's fingers at her ass gently spreading her cheeks and
then the cool touch of the object at her anus.  Marcie gasped as the
anal intruder was gently but firmly pushed into her body.  She was
panting hard when Laura finally let her up, the butt plug now solidly in
place.  Marcie could see that both her mom and Laura seemed excited too.
Laura sat down again, leaving Marcie standing in the middle of the room.
The sensation of having the plug holding her anus open was causing
Marcie to tremble.  She could feel her juices trickling down her inner
thighs.  "Now, Marcie", said her mother in a throaty voice, "Would you
like to be allowed to come?"  Marcie nodded her head.  She was so hot
that she was whimpering softly.  She would do anything to be allowed to
come.  Then ask Mistress Laura to let you.", said her mother.  Marcie
turned to Laura, "Please Mistress Laura, please let me."  Laura smiled
at her, "Very well Marcie, show us how you can come.  Play with
yourself."

    Marcie dropped her hands to her soaking pussy.  Her fingers found
her clit hard and hot.  Marcie was so close already that it only took a
moment.  She felt the orgasm start first deep in her belly.  She could
feel her tummy start to tremble and then she felt her bottom clamp down
hard on the anal plug.  Well, that was IT!  Marcie heard a ringing in
her ears and she sank to her knees as spasm after spasm racked her body.
Each peak caused her to tighten on the butt plug again and each time she
did, it ca d another peak.  As if from a distance, Marcie heard herself
cry out again and again.  It was quite a few minutes before she finally
calmed down.  Her body was covered in sweat and she felt totally
drained.  She looked up to see that both her mother and Laura had lifted
their skirts and had brought themselves to their own orgasms!  The two
older women helped Marcie to her feet.  They helped her with her dress,
pulling it over her head and down over the sexy lingerie.  Marcie looked
up and asked if she could take out the plug from her bottom.  Her mother
smiled down at her, "No Marcie, you'll wear it until you get home.  Your
daddy and sister are waiting for you there you know."  A shiver ran down
Marcie's spine as she wondered what further adventures waited for her at
home.

    Not a word was spoken during the entire ride home.  Marcie was
wondering what was in store for her when she walked into the house, and
found herself trembling slightly as she pondered.  But her waiting
period was soon to be over as they pulled into the driveway of their
private estate house in the country.  This was a place where the family
went once or twice each summer.  It was a private place in the country
with no other dwellings around for miles and miles.  This was the kind
of place you went if yo anted no interruptions from the outside world.

    As Marcie and her mom walked up to the front door, her mom
instructed her to go directly to the bathroom when they got inside.  So
Marcy went inside, walked directly to the bathroom, and closed the door
behind her.  As time went by, she began to feel the plug in her ass
starting to make her butt hole a little sensitive.  It was starting to
become a bit uncomfortable, but was not even considering taking it out
until told to do so.  In a few moments her mom walked into the room and
instructed her to remov ll of her clothing, including her panties and
bra, but to leave the butt plug in place.  She was to get on her hands
and knees and crawl into the family room.  Her mom was right behind her
all the way as she did as she was told.  When she rounded the corner and
went left into the family room she was amazed at the sight which awaited
her.

    Bent over the chair was her 14-year-old sister, her wrists tied to
    the front legs, her feet tied to the rear legs, her ass sticking way
    up in the air.  Out of her anus stuck the blunt end of a butt plug
    similar to the one she had shoved in her own asshole.  She had a red
    gag ball inside her mouth and strapped around her head so as to not
    fall out.

    For just a moment she stopped dead in her tracks, almost frightened
    by the scene.  But a swift slap on her tender ass from her mother
    made her get going once again.  There was another chair right by her
    sister, as if inviting her to come closer and closer.  But before
    she made her way to the chair, her mother ordered her to stop
    immediately.  She obeyed!

    "You will stay here and observe your fate, as your sister will be
    the first to endure!"  So she stopped, put her weight on her knees,
    and placed her torso erect.  She could not sit as she still had that
    dreaded plug up her butt.

    In the room walked her father. He was completely naked with a huge
    piece of cock waving between his legs.  "You girls need a little
    discipline.  Your mother and I know what you two have been up to
    with the guys at school, and we know about your masturbating and
    playing with yourselves in the bathroom.  Now you'll learn a little
    lesson!"  Just then he went to the closet and pulled out a leather
    belt.  He positioned himself behind her sister, and he aimed the
    belt.

    "SMACK" went the belt.  As he did, she could see her sister scream
 beneath her gag.  Her bottom flew left and right as if to escape the
 tortureous weapon.  On the third smack the belt came in contact with
 the butt plug and sent it soaring deep into her rectum.  After six
 whacks her mom walked over to her sister and started rubbing her
 reddened ass gently with her hands.  Her fingers glided smoothly over
 her welted behind and slowly made their way to her pussy.  She could
 see her sister calming down slow and soon her body weight had given way
 to the mixed sensations of the pain her father had caused, and the
 pleasure her mom was bringing.

    But the pleasure was shortlived as her mother rammed her fingers
deep into her sister's twat, deeper than anything had ever gone before.
Her mom was moving her fingers left and right inside her, rubbing the
side walls of the canal and poking the muscles of the cervix.  She
withdrew her fingers and walked over to her dad and offered them to him
to lick.  He licked them clean and commented on the sweetness, his dick
staying alert.  He paraded in front of them all, his cock flying like a
tall flagpole.  A e made his way to the poor girl bent over the chair,
he paused and glanced at Marcie.  His mouth made an attempt to smile,
but his pervertedness came through.  But Marcie felt something swell
inside her when he glanced at her that way.  She was actually enjoying
the scene, and was almost drenched at the thought of being spanked and
abused herself.

    Her father went over to her sister bent over the chair.  He bent
down and put his face right at her snatch.  he stuck out his long, thin
tongue and let the tip find that sensitive clitoris.  Marcie heard her
sister moan out loud as her daddy ran his tongue up and down the folds
of her snatch.  His tongue darted in and out of her sister's hole, then
navigated its way to her rectum.  He left a gob of spit right by her
anus, then stood upright.  He took his right index finger and positioned
it right on the it and slowly pushed it in past the tight muscle which
guarded her bottom so well.  The butt plug was now on the floor beside
her.  Marcie's mom came over and picked it up and placed it in front of
Marcie's lips.  She was made to open her mouth and lick the entire thing
clean, which she did very well.  Her mommy was quite pleased.

    Her mom then went behind her and yanked the plug from Marcie's
behind, once again making her lick the entire thing clean.  Her mom was
very pleased at the good job Marcie had done.  While her dad was
finger-fucking her sister, Marcie's mom instructed Marcie to go to the
other chair and bend over like her sister.  Marcie obeyed and bent over
the chair obediently.  Her wrists and ankles were bound to the chair as
she had expected.  As she felt her limbs being secured, she could almost
not control her exci ent.

    Her mother came around the front and waved her pussy in front of
Marcie.  Marcie could see how bald it was, and her father then commented
on how pretty Marcie's pussy was with no hair as well.  But he had other
plans for Marcie instead of the spanking her sister received.  He went
into the pantry and came out with a plastic bag filled with clothespins.
He withdrew two of them and came close to Marcie's pussy.  He opened
them and let them clamp right down on Marcie's pussy lips.  She
shuddered at the in al pain, but was so excited by then that she
actually welcomed them as extra stimulation.  Two more found their way
to her little titties, and she enjoyed the sensation as well.  Her
father then buried his fingers WAY into her asshole, wiggling them
around a bit until Marcie was about to scream.  But her mom took care of
that by sticking her pussy by Marcie's face and, grabbing her by the
hair, pulled her face right into her wanting snatch.  Marcie lapped the
pussy like the dog that she w as.  Her tongue wen t deeply into her
mom's snatch, and her bottom was becoming used to the sensation of the
invader, to the point of wanting three and even four fingers inside her,
stretching her ass out.

    Her daddy then replaced his fingers with his huge tool.  As he
 pounded in and out of her tight asshole, Marcie could feel him come
 into contact with the clothespins on her pussy lips, tugging them a
 bit.  The painful sensation was more than she could stand and tears
 starting rolling down her cheeks.  But her daddy kept pounding
 furiously and her mom kept pulling her face deeper into her snatch.
 Marcie could feel her daddy about to explode in her bowels.  She felt a
 warm, wet sensation come across her b as she knew that her father had
 deposited his cum into her ass.

    Marcie's mom then left and got her sister untied.  She was then made
to come over and suck all the cum from Marcie's rectum and swallow every
bit.  She did this extremely well.  The clothespins were removed from
Marcie and she was set free.  She was then made to make long love with
her sister, to the delight of both of her parents.  As they sucked and
probed, their mother and father would occasionally come over and squeeze
their titties, stick a finger in the assholes, and spank their bare
bottoms.  Alt gh their bottoms were red and welted, they accepted every
bit to everyone's enjoyment.

    But the real treat came when Marcie was instructed to go to the
bathroom and lie in the tub.  She crawled in and laid on her back.  Her
feet rested on the edge of the tub, her puffed, bald pussy lips opened
up wide for all to see.  marcie's mom, dad, and sister came into the
bathroom and saw her on her back in the tub.  Marcie's mom came over and
said that she would need a good bath.  With that, her mom climbed up on
the edge of the tub and put one leg on either side of Marcie' face.  Her
twat was about o feet above her daughter's face.  Suddenly Marcie felt a
hot stream of salty water cross her lips.  Her mommy was peeing on her
face.  It was if she had not peed in a week.  It kept coming and coming,
and Marcie found herself opening her mouth and accepting the salty
sweetness into her mouth.  She swallowed what she could!  Then her
father came over and placed his limp cock over Marcie's chest area and
let loose with a long stream of piss all over her tits.  Marcie's sister
stood there, frigh tened and unsu re of what to do.  Her mom then made
it clear that she was to crawl into the tub and place her snatch right
on Marcie's mouth.  As she did, she felt Marcie stick her tongue way
into her pussy.  Marcie's sister also let loose with a stream of piss,
directly into Marcie's mouth.  Marcie's tongue never left the folds of
her sister's cunt.  The piss flew into Marcie's mouth and overflowed the
cavity until it ran all over her chin and down her neck into the drain.
When finished Marcie felt herself coming to a h uge orgasm.  She played
with her pussy, her mom came over and shoved her fingers into her
snatch.  her father came over and slid a finger into her ass to the
knuckle.  With all of the sensations she was feeling, she felt herself
coming to a huge orgasm.  her body trembled and the wave finally came.
Every muscle in her body tightened and a flood of inner juices ran from
her open cunt, coating her mother's entire hand.

    When she finally awoke from her unconsciousness, she found herself
clean and tucked into her bed.  In walked her mother.  She embraced
Marcie lovingly, letting her tongue roll into Marcie's mouth.  "What a
good daughter you are" she whispered in Marcie's ear.  Next week will be
an even better experience for you my sweetness.  You see, your father
and I have been talking and we see how much you enjoy being so
submissive and perverted.  You should feel the ultimate embarrassment.
I will be starting my pe d then, and I think I'd really like the feeling
of some warm lips wrapped around my clitty during that time when my
pussy is so extremely sensitive.  Not too concerned what you think about
it since you'll do exactly what I say.  But you'll stick your tongue way
into my redness, and lick me so perfectly clean.  I can't wait Marcie.

    Marcie was really turned on by the thought of eating out her mommy
while she was on her period.  She didn't admit it, but she could hardly
wait until next week herself!
