MARCO   by Tom Depp - Jailhouse BBS 305-944-6271
 
 
      I had an unusual experience the other day.  I wanted film
for my camera and decided to walk to the Eckerds near my home.  I
live only about two blocks from a mall that has a Publix, an
Eckerds and a number of places that I go often.
     I was passing behind Publix, crossing the loading dock where
they have all the plastic milk cases things stacked up, when a
guy stepped out of the delivery door and began loading some stuff
onto a dolly.  Well, this guy is one I knew from shopping.   He
was one of the carry-outs whose name was Marco.  On a couple of
occasions he had carried groceries for me, and I always tried to
strike up a conversation because Marco is unbelievably
good-looking.
     Marco is about seventeen or eighteen.  He is no bigger than
about five feet ten inches, but tends to look a little bigger
until you get close to him because he is in such good shape.  I
asked him once if he worked out, and he told me that all the hard
work he ever did was unloading trucks.  Well, whatever he does
for exercise it works.  Marco is one of those thick-bodied
guys.  His shoulders are wide and bulky looking.  His waist is
lean, but not narrow and his general build might be called stocky
if he was the least bit overweight.  He is not, though and he is
great looking.  He is dark, sort of olive-skinned with black,
curly hair that looks like it was sculpted rather than just cut
like everybody else's.  He is handsome.  He has a round sort of
face with high wide cheekbones.  His nose just misses being
large, but is finely shaped.  His lips are wide and bow-shaped
and his chin is firm.  His eyes, though, are the biggest turn-on
for me.  They are dark brown and wide-set under arching brows.
They have a slightly down-turned look about them that make him
look a little sleepy-sad at all times.  What a heart-breaker!
     To my delight, Marco spoke to me without waiting for me to
say hello.  It was just a friendly hello from him, but I turned
it into an invitation to stop and chat for a minute.
     He was loading some boxes and things, and I sort of stood
back and watched.  Marco's arms are impressively muscular.
Watching him pick things up, seeing his muscles flex was
impressive.  The fact that he was wearing a pair of very tight
black jeans that looked like they had been painted on his ass
helped out too.  Seeing him bend and flex, left me practically
drooling.
     He knew it.  He was actively teasing me after a few minutes.
It didn't take long before we both knew what was going on, and we
dropped pretenses.  I asked him when he got off work, and he said
he couldn't wait that long.  He led me inside, after looking
around carefully, and we went to a small room with some huge empty
shelves and nothing else.  He locked us in, and things got
serious. Marco started undressing, and so did I.  For me it was
easy, I just peeled down my cutoffs and started to lift off my t-
shirt.  Marco stepped up and did it for me.  As he dropped my
shirt, he reached down and squeezed my cock, which was already
hard as stone, and gave me one of his killer smiles.  Those eyes,
that face, that gleaming smile, just clawed at my heard.  Damn,
but I wanted him!
     He stepped back, dropping his apron, and unbuttoning his
shirt.  I helped him with his shirt, just as he had with mine,
and took the chance to run my hands across his shoulders and down
his arms.  I squeezed his biceps and that smile turned into a
grin... he knew what I was thinking... that his arms were damn
near as big as my legs.  I went on touching him and he just sort
of stood back and let me.  I ran my hands down his sides, feeling
the solid muscle of his belly and brought my palms up to cup his
pecs.  Marco was even more muscular than I had imagined.  He
looked great with clothes on, he looked even better with them off
and that is kind of rare.
      I reached down and unbuckled his belt.  As I undid his
zipper, he slid his jeans down and I reached for a handful of
ass.  I stood there a while, my fingertips under the soft cloth
of his shorts, pulling him close to me.  I pressed my hips
against his, and felt my cock dig into his belly.   He pressed
his face against the side of my neck and his lips brushed my
skin.   We stood there like that for a long time, just enjoying
the feel of each other (he had his hands on my ass by now).  As
he squeezed my ass I thought that it would make a great poster.
I have a nice ass (Marc and Josh say so) and it is as pale white
as the rest of me.  Marco's strong dark hands cupping my cheeks
and squeezing had to look as good as it felt. It just had to.  He
broke it up by turning his face up and teasing my earlobe with
his tongue.
     At that point I couldn't stand it any longer and I went to
my knees in front of him.  As I pulled his bright white shorts
down across his olive skin I got my first look at his cock.  My
first look was disappointing, because it's not very long.  His
cock stood up hard against his flat stomach muscles and looked
very inviting, but it was only five or so inches long.  I had
always hoped he carried a monster around inside those jeans.
What he lacked in length though he made up for in width.  Most
guys are maybe two inches across and Marco was lots bigger.  Tell
you what, though, Marco's cock was good to look at.  Lots of guys
have cocks with really rough texture.  You know, lots of veins
and sort of crinkly looking skin or real loose wrinkly looking
skin or something.  Well Marco's cock was smooth as silk and
topped off by a perfect dark head that just demanded the
attentions of my tongue.
     No matter what size it was it was a good size to suck, and I
got it into my mouth right away!
     Marco reached up behind him and grabbed a shelf over his
head.  Using that to brace himself he spread his feet wide and
began arching his body to give me lots of room to work his cock.
He began to thrush his hips to match my sucking and things got
really hot.  Marco's dick may not be long, but it was one Hell
of a mouthfull!  That cock filled my whole mouth!  I had to work
hard to keep my jaws far enough apart, and tongue action was a
whole different job than the usual.  With that big mass of meat
in my mouth I couldn't help making a lot of noise, but it turned
out great.  The sucking sounds really turned Marco on and he
began to really get into it.  He let go of the shelf with one
hand, and twined his fingers into the hair at the back of my
head.  He began to whisper Suck it!  Suck it! while pressing my
face into his trusting hips. I did what he said and sucked even
harder.  I dug my fingers into his ass and helped his thrusting
while he pressed even harder on the back of my head.  I was
taking every inch of his velvet smooth cock into my mouth and
sucking for all I was worth.  He just kept pumping and pumping
while I sucked harder and harder. Suddenly he reached his peak,
let go of the shelf above his head and with both hands captured
my head against his groin.  I had the full length of his cock
in my mouth and felt him bending forward over me.  I took my
index finger and found his asshole, pushing gently inside just as
he shot long streams of cum against the back of my throat.  He
groaned, loud, and just kept humping against my mouth.  I sucked
harder still, and teased the underside of his cock to milk out
every drop of cum he could give me.
   With a still louder groan, he stepped back, and his softening
cock slipped away from me.
   Marco reached down and tousled my hair as I looked up at him.
He turned away, and reached down and began pulling up his jeans.
I told him wait a minute!  What about me?  He just said that it
took a lot longer than he thought and he had to get back to work.
    I just looked stunned, I guess, and tried to salvage things a
bit.  I told him I lived nearby, and how about coming over after
work.  He told me he had things to do, but if I wanted, I could
come back here on Saturday.  He didn't work again until Saturday
and things were usually slow.
    I guess my look said it all, because he just looked at me and
shrugged. He pulled on his apron and headed out the door leaving
me there naked as Hell and pissed off.
    I got dressed and went home, forgetting to go to the drug
store as I had originally intended.
    I've never had anything else to do with Marco, and if he
notices me in the store he goes the other way.  He's beautiful,
but what an asshole!
                        The End
