Archive-name: Amazon/margo.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Humiliation


   Margo swung her racquet at the ball, driving it sharply to the front wall 
just above ankle height.  The ball hit with a sharp splat and caromed off 
at an angle toward the left side wall.  Larry raced forward and just 
managed to get his racquet on the ball and return it.  Margo waited for 
the high shot to come down and smashed another wicked shot, this time 
driving it toward the back right corner.  Larry tried desperately to reach 
the ball before it bounced a second time, but his dive was just short and 
the ball dribbled onto the floor.
   "Game!" called Margo.  "I win fifteen to four."  She walked over and 
helped Larry to his feet.  "Good game."
   "Thanks," gasped Larry, looking up at her.  "Got time for another?"
   "Nope, time for me to get to work," Margo answered.
   "Come on Margo, let me try to win one."
   "Sorry, guy, you're just going to have to wait a while," said Margo.  
   "Besides, I've beaten you every time we've played.  Aren't you getting 
tired of losing?"
   "Well, now that you mention it, yeah," answered Larry.  "Let's see, so 
far you've beaten me in the only marathon we ran together, killed me at 
tennis, squash, handball, golf, and racquetball, and even mated me the 
only time we played chess."  He shook his head slowly.  "I'm running 
out of things to try."
   "Face it babe, you're just not in my league.  I'm quicker, smarter, faster, 
and stronger than you are."  Margo smirked and added, "Maybe you 
should hit the weight room a little more and the dining room a little 
less."
   "Hey, now, let's not get nasty," snapped Larry.  "I'm in pretty good shape 
for a guy who works at a desk forty hours a week.  Besides, who says 
you're stronger than I am?  I'm willing to concede that you're faster, 
maybe even smarter, but there's no way you're stronger than me."
Margo's face froze.  "Watch it buddy.  You're mouth's writing checks 
your body can't cash," she growled.
   "What the hell does that mean?" Larry demanded.
   "It means, how do you know I'm not stronger than you are?"
   "Because men are stronger than women," replied Larry.
   Margo threw her head back and roared with laughter.  "Why, you 
chauvinistic, conceited, stupid idiot," Margo said, wiping sweat off her 
face.  "I'll admit that some men are stronger than some women.  That 
doesn't mean you are stronger than me!  It just doesn't work that way.  
Have you ever seen any evidence that I'm not stronger than you are?"
   "Well, no.  I've never seen your arms or legs, you always wear long 
sleeves and pants, and you always work out in an oversized sweatsuit."
"And you've never seen me lift weights, either.  On the other hand, I've 
seen your arms and legs, Skinny.  I've got a pretty good idea of your 
strength."  A smile touched Margo's lips briefly.  "So let's go on the 
evidence you've got."
   "Well, you're a couple of inches taller than I am," Larry mused.  "You've 
got a pretty athletic build, from what I can see.  But I still can't believe 
you're stronger than me."
   "What would it take to convince you?  Do you want to see who can lift 
more weight?"
   "Weightlifting's no good, technique means as much as strength."  Larry 
thought a second.  "I used to be a pretty good wrestler in college.  Why 
don't we wrestle to see who's stronger?"
   Margo laughed again.  "You think the stronger wrestler always wins?  
You've admitted you know something about the sport, what if I don't?  
I'd say that would give you something of an advantage, wouldn't you?"  
She shook her head, sending drops of perspiration to the floor.  "Boy, 
talk about trying to stack the deck in your favor."  Margo stepped closer 
to Larry, forcing him back a step.  "However, it does give me an idea.  A 
contest with five parts."  Margo poked a finger into Larry's chest as she 
ticked off the different tests.  "Arm wrestling, leg wrestling, a tug of 
war, simultaneous bear hugs, and simultaneous head scissors.  The 
winner of three of the 'tests of strength' is declared the stronger, and the 
loser has to be the winner's servant for a month."
   "Well, I'm not sure..."
   "What's the matter, big talker, losing your nerve?"
   "You're on, Margo," said Larry angrily.  "Where are we going to do this, 
and who can we get to referee?"
   "I know a private gym, and the owner will be glad to act as referee.  
When?"
   "How about tomorrow night?"
   "Eight o'clock?"
   "You're on!  See you then."  Larry headed off to the showers.
   Margo smiled.  "Yeah, Larry, see you then," she said softly.  She bent 
down and picked up the racquetball in her left hand.  With a slow, steady 
increase in pressure she squeezed the ball until it split.  Margo laughed, 
then dropped the mutilated ball to the floor and headed to the locker 
room.
   Larry's telephone rang the next morning.  "Hello," he said.
   "Hi, Sweetie, guess who?" Margo's voice purred.
   "Yeah, Margo, what's up?"
   "Here's the address of the gym for tonight's little contest.  Ready?"
   "Margo, are you sure you want to do this?"
   "What's the matter, getting cold feet?" the voice taunted.  "Chicken..."
   "Just give me the damn address," he snarled.  Larry grabbed a pen and 
paper and wrote the address down.  "Eight o'clock, right?" he said.
   "Right you are, Babe.  Don't be late," Margo warned.  "By the way, I've 
invited some friends along to watch.  Is that okay with you, or will you 
be too embarrassed to get beat in front of a crowd?"
   "Bring along whoever you want, big talker.  I just hope they won't be too 
disappointed when you lose," Larry retorted.
   "My, aren't we confident!" teased Margo.  "See you later." Larry slammed 
the phone down.  "Bitch!" he muttered.
   Larry arrived at the designated address at a quarter to eight that 
evening. He parked his car in front of a square, run down two story building.  
A sign above the door read "Dominique's Amazon Gym - Members Only".  
   A tall young black woman dressed in a sweat suit and  smoking a cigar 
leaned against the wall next to the door with her arms crossed.  "You 
Larry?" she asked.
   "Yeah."
   "Come on in.  Everyone's here."  She tossed away the cigar, then opened 
the door and motioned Larry through into a hallway that smelled of 
leather, liniment, and sweat.  "Sorry there's no men's locker room, never 
needed one," the woman continued.  "We cleaned out a utility closet for 
you."  She indicated a door on the right.  "Hope it's big enough."
   "It'll do.  Thanks, uh..."
   "Name's Dominique."  As the woman stuck out a large paw and shook 
   Larry's hand, he noticed that her shoulders were exceptionally wide and 
she towered above him by a good seven inches.  "When you're dressed, 
just walk up those stairs at the end of the hall.  Good luck, Larry."  
Dominique turned on her heel, and he thought he heard her mutter, 
"You'll need it."  She walked off with long, confident strides.
Larry changed to shorts and a tee shirt.  He tied his sneakers tightly and 
did a couple of knee bends in the cramped space of the small closet.  He 
was beginning to regret that he had ever gotten into this, but was too 
stubborn to back down now.
   Larry walked down the hall and climbed the stairs.  He didn't know 
exactly what he had expected, but it was nothing like what met his eyes 
as he reached the upper floor.  There was a large room, probably the 
entire upper floor of the building.  Inside Larry could make out several 
punching bags, both speed bags and heavy body bags.  Along one wall 
was a large collection of barbells and weights.  Across the room from the 
stairs was what looked like a regulation boxing ring, complete with 
ropes and bell.  Bleachers were pulled out from the wall to provide 
seating for about fifty people.
   As he crossed the floor, he noticed that all the other people in the room 
were women.  He saw Margo, dressed in her usual floppy sweats, her 
pale hair tied into a pony tail, standing next to the ring talking to 
Dominique.  Slowly he realized that the buzz of conversations had died 
down and all the women were staring at him.  Margo glanced over at 
him and smiled grimly.
   "Well, nice to see you're punctual," she called.  "Come on over and let's 
get started."
   Larry crossed the floor to where Dominique and Margo waited.  
Dominique looked down at him and snickered slightly.  Larry reddened.
"OK, there'll be five tests of strength," said Dominique, "starting with 
arm wrestling.  That'll be followed by leg wrestling, tug of war, bear 
hugs and head scissors.  It takes three wins to be declared the champion.  
All five tests will be completed, even if one person loses the first three."  
She looked at Larry and snickered again.
   "First thing I'm going to do is weigh you both in," Dominique continued.  
   "I'll get your heights, too."  She led the way to the scale.  "Margo 
first.".....
   Margo stepped on the scale.  "Weight, two fourteen," called Dominique.  
She adjusted the ruler to the top of Margo's head.  "Height, six feet three 
inches."  Larry was stunned by Margo's size.  He hadn't realized that 
Margo was that tall, and he thought their weights were nearly the same, 
but she weighed at least forty pounds more than he did.  Dominique 
turned to Larry.  "Your turn."  Margo stepped down right into Larry's 
path.  For a second his brown eyes stared into her Arctic gray ones, then 
Margo stepped aside with a mocking smile.  "Weight, one seventy-one," 
Dominique said.  "Height, five feet eleven."
   Dominique led the way to the ring.  Larry saw that it contained an 
unusual table, about three feet square.  The table had a peg on two sides 
and what looked like leather cups on the alternate sides.  The table was 
mounted on a piece of wood about ten feet by four feet.  Margo stalked 
to one side of the table, behind one of the cups.  Larry moved 
uncertainly to the side opposite her.
   "This is a regulation arm wrestling table," explained Dominique.  "You 
put your elbow in the cup and you grab the peg with your other hand.  
You each get a good grip with interlocked thumbs and then I set you up 
in the right position.  Then I'll say 'go' and you try to pin your opponent's 
arm down."  She looked at both contestants.  "You have five minutes to 
beat your opponent, after that I call it a draw.  Any questions?"
Neither Margo nor Larry said anything.  "Either one of you left 
handed?" asked Dominique.  Both contestants shook their heads.  "OK, 
then, this'll be just the one fall, right hands only.  If your grip slips, I'll 
strap you together."  She held up a canvas strap.  "Now, get in position."
Larry uneasily placed his right elbow into the padded receptacle and 
grabbed the peg on the left side of the table.  Margo deliberately rolled 
up the right sleeve of her sweatshirt and placed her elbow in it's place.  
Larry was dumbfounded to see the thick sinews running through Margo's 
forearm.  He looked up at her face and saw that she was watching him 
intently.  Larry stared into Margo's gray eyes like a bird hypnotized by a 
snake.  He couldn't seem to take his eyes off hers.
   Dominique took both their right hands and ordered them to grip each 
other's thumbs, with the wrists crossing.  Larry finally looked away from 
Margo's stare and concentrated on getting a good grip on Margo's hand.  
He couldn't help noticing that her forearm made his look small, and her 
hand was much larger than his was.  When they were both satisfied with 
the grip, Dominique took their clasped hands in both her huge ones and 
twisted them until she had them perfectly straight.  Larry tensed his 
muscles and readied himself to slam Margo's arm down.  Dominique 
looked at each of them and said, "Ready?"
   Larry and Margo both nodded.  Dominique released their hands, calling, 
"GO!"
   Larry put all his power into his right arm, trying for a quick pin, but 
Margo's arm didn't budge.  Sweat broke out on Larry's forehead as he 
tried to force her arm to the table, while Margo stood as still as a statue, 
showing no strain at all from holding his arm vertical.  For what seemed 
like an eternity Larry kept up the pressure until his arm trembled from 
the exertion and he began to pant.  Margo waited until he looked into her 
eyes again, and then, with a slight smile on her lovely face, she slowly 
began to force his right arm down.
   Sweat was running down Larry's face, and his hand was sweating as 
well, but Margo retained her grip and was forcing his arm down a 
millimeter at a time.  Larry tried to hold her back, but it was like trying 
to hold back an avalanche with a toothpick.  Slowly, inexorably, Larry's 
arm approached the table until it was pinned firmly down against 
Margo's left arm.  She held it there for several seconds while she 
mockingly smiled at Larry's embarrassment.
   "THE WINNER!" called Dominique, "in forty-three seconds."  Margo 
released Larry's sore arm and allowed hers to be raised in victory.  
   "Margo leads, one to zero!"
   There was a large chalkboard on the wall behind the ring with both 
Larry's and Margo's names printed on it.  Margo walked over and put a 
mark under her name.
   "There'll be a five minute break while we clear the table out of the ring," 
announced Dominique.  She waved her arm and two burly women got up into the 
ring and lifted the table over the ropes, handing it to Dominique on the 
outside.  She steadied it with little effort while her assistants clambered 
out of the ring to take the table from her and store it in a corner.
   In the meantime, Larry was trying to work the pain and stiffness out of 
his right arm.  He was stunned by Margo's easy victory, especially 
because he had been counting on beating her in the arm wrestling.  
Nervously he looked over at her while she sipped some water and 
chatted with a few of the onlookers.  Margo looked fresh and cool, while 
he was dripping sweat.  Before he was ready, Dominique called, "Yo, 
Margo! Larry! In the ring! Now!"
   Margo jumped from the floor to the ring apron, about three feet above 
the floor.  She then vaulted over the top rope into the ring.
   "Show-off," muttered Larry very quietly as he climbed the steps and 
ducked between the second and third ropes to enter the ring.
   "The second test of strength is leg wrestling," said Dominique.  "Each of 
you lays down on the mat, right side to right side.  You'll link your right 
arms at the elbow.  I'll count 'one, two, three, go'.  At each number, you 
lift your right leg in the air and lower it down again.  On 'go', you hook 
legs at the knees and try to pull your opponent over."  She looked at 
Margo and Larry.  "You got that?"
   The man and woman both nodded.  While Larry sat down on the mat, 
Margo removed her floppy sweat pants, revealing her legs to Larry for 
the first time.
   Larry stared in disbelief at Margo's lower body.  She wore only bikini 
briefs, and her legs seemed (to Larry) about five feet long.  Her thighs 
and calves bulged with power.  Larry stared at Margo's heavily muscled 
legs and tried not to think that in the last contest he'd have to put his 
head between her thighs and let her squeeze with all her strength.
   Margo moved directly in front of Larry's face until her thighs completely 
filled his field of vision.  "I've got thirty-two inch thighs, Larry, and 
nineteen inch calves," Margo purred softly.  "What are your measurements, 
about twenty and ten?"  Margo and Dominique both laughed at Larry's 
discomfort.  Margo finally moved away and lay down on the mat at Larry's 
right side.
   "Lock arms," ordered Dominique.  Larry linked his arm with Margo's.  It 
felt as hard as granite.  "Jesus," he thought, "what did I get myself into?"
   "Ready?" asked Dominique.
   "Let's do it," growled Margo.  Larry gulped and squeaked, "Ready."
   "One."  The two right legs rose and fell.  "Two."  Again Margo's 
muscular leg and Larry's smaller one lifted and dropped.  "Three.  GO!"
Larry and Margo's legs locked, and Larry devoted all his strength into 
trying to force Margo to flip over, to no avail.  Again he pulled with all 
his power, but Margo didn't budge.  She seemed to be humming a tune 
to herself.  Larry tried a third time to pull Margo's leg down, but couldn't 
budge it.
   At that point Margo tired of the game and utilized the strength in her 
enormous leg to effortlessly flip Larry over onto his head.  As his feet 
touched the floor, he heard Dominique once again call, "THE WINNER!"  
Embarrassed, he rolled over and watched Margo stand over him with her arms 
raised in victory.
   "Time, twenty-one seconds," said Dominique, punching her stop watch.  
   "Margo now leads two to zero."
   Larry started to sit up, but Margo put her foot on his chest and forced 
him back down to the mat.  "Hey, cut it out!" he sputtered.
   Margo removed her foot from his chest and leaned down.  "What are you 
going to do about it, Shrimp?" she asked.  When Larry didn't answer, she 
laughed and walked over to the chalkboard, where she placed another 
mark under her name.
   Dominique stood over Larry.  "Would you get up please?  We have to 
get ready for the tug of war."  She extended her huge right hand.  Larry 
reached up and she grabbed him, her hand nearly encircling his forearm.  
Dominique pulled and Larry found himself heaved to his feet. Dominique 
laughed at the expression on his face, then released his arm and waved her 
assistants into the ring.
   Larry stumbled out of the ring.  The last contest hadn't taken that much 
out of him, but he was disconcerted by the ease of Margo's victory, and 
frightened by the obvious power she possessed.  He decided to give up 
and admit her superior strength, hoping to prevent pain and further 
humiliation.
   Margo was sipping some water and toweling off her face.  Larry 
approached her, realizing for the first time just how wide her shoulders 
were.  "Margo," he began, "uh, I'm sorry I doubted you were stronger 
than me.  I concede, you win."
   Margo turned and scowled menacingly.  "Oh, no you don't, you wimpy 
little shit.  You agreed to all this, and you're not getting off that easy.  
I'm going to beat you in all the other contests, too."  She smiled 
tauntingly.  "Besides, it's only two to nothing, you've still got a chance to 
win if you beat me three in a row."  The women sitting nearby laughed 
at this.  Margo glanced at them and grinned.  "Well, it's not very much of 
a chance, I'll grant you," she added, causing even more laughter.
   "Come on, Margo, I give," said Larry.  "You're stronger than I am, I 
admit it.  Isn't that what this is about?"
   Margo moved closer, her face only inches from his.  Larry saw no pity 
in her cool gray eyes.  "You might have thought so, skinny," she replied 
in a low voice.  "For me, it's a chance to humiliate another weak male 
who thought he was better than me.  I really get off on making my 
victims beg for mercy."  Margo licked her lips.  "You wouldn't want to 
deprive me of my little pleasures, would you?" she went on.  "I might 
get upset and decide to really hurt you."
   "Come on, you two," called Dominique from the ring, "we're ready for 
you."
   Margo slapped Larry's face lightly.  "Now be a good boy and get in the 
ring so I don't lose my temper," she purred sexily.  "You wouldn't last 
more than a minute if I decided to really get rough, and it wouldn't be 
any fun, at least not for you."  She smiled wickedly at his discomfort.  
"And you'd better really try to win the tug of war, or I'll really make you 
suffer in the last two events."
   Margo took Larry by the shoulder and turned him toward the ring, then 
gave him a push, which amused the spectators.  Larry tried to resist as 
Margo propelled him toward the ring, but Margo's strength prevailed.  
He found himself stumbling against the edge of the ring as she gave him 
a final push.  Once again he climbed the steps to the arena and 
clambered between the ropes, while Margo effortlessly jumped onto the 
apron and vaulted into the ring.
   Dominique awaited them in the center of the ring.  There were three 
lines of tape on the ring floor.  One was set up so that it stretched 
between two opposite corners.  The other two were set about five feet on 
either side of the first.  A rope with a rag tied around the middle crossed 
the three tape lines.
   "The rules for the tug of war are simple," Dominique explained.  "You 
start behind the tape nearest the corners and you each grab an end of the 
rope.  You can't tie it around you, but you can wrap it around your arm if 
you want to.  I'll position the flag over the middle line and when I say 
'go', you pull like hell."  She smiled and continued, "The object is to pull 
the flag past the line on your side of the ring."
   Margo nodded and busied herself in wrapping her end of the rope around 
her right arm.  Larry picked the rope up in his hands and set himself.  
   "By the way," Dominique added, "if the rope slips out of your hands, 
we'll start again."
   Larry quickly wrapped the rope around his bare arm, wishing he'd worn 
long sleeves.  Dominique grabbed the rope where the flag was fastened 
and positioned it to her satisfaction over the center line.  "Take up the 
slack," she ordered.  Margo and Larry obeyed, pulling the rope in until it 
was taut.  "Get ready," Dominique called.  With a quick glance at Margo 
and Larry, she released the rope and called, "GO!"
   Larry put his entire body into the effort, using all the strength of his 
arms, back, and legs in an attempt to pull the flag across the line on his 
side of the ring, but the flag didn't move a millimeter.  Sweat broke out 
on his forehead and dripped into his eyes as he strained to pull Margo 
across the ring.  He looked up and saw Margo just standing there, a 
mocking smile on her pretty face, totally at ease, as she withstood his 
best pull without strain.  Now the rough rope began to cut into his arm 
and hands, burning and bruising the flesh.  He redoubled his efforts, 
grunting as he tugged and pulled, but the only effect on Margo was a 
broader smile.  To anyone watching only him, it might have looked as if 
Larry was pulling on a rope tied to a large tree.
   Margo called, "Are you having fun yet?"  The crowd of women laughed 
at that.  Margo turned to the bleachers and asked, "Has he started to 
pull?"  Once again the crowd responded with amusement.  "Well, I 
might as well finish this," said Margo.
   Even through her sweatshirt, Larry could see the muscles in Margo's 
arms bulge as she started to pull for the first time.  Hand over hand she 
hauled in the rope, with Larry desperately trying to resist her pull.  "Just 
like reeling in a little fish," crowed Margo as Larry was dragged across 
the ring.  Margo pulled Larry toward her with only the power in her 
arms.  Those huge, sinewy legs never moved, and she never seemed to 
need to put her back into the effort.  First the flag, then Larry himself, 
were pulled across the tape on Margo's side of the ring.
   "Margo wins again," called Dominique, sounding somewhat bored.  
   Larry slumped to the canvas covering the ring as Margo shook loose the 
coils of rope and again raised her arms over her head in a victory pose.
Disdainfully, Margo looked down at Larry groveling at her feet.  "That's 
where you belong, you know," she said as she stepped across his body to 
chalk up another mark under her name.
   "The score is Margo three, Larry nothing," called Dominique.  "By the 
rules, Margo wins the test of strength, but Larry still has to compete in 
the last two events."
   Margo walked over to Dominique and whispered to her.  "Well, now, 
that's mighty generous of you," said Dominique.  "Margo says if Larry 
can win even one of the remaining events, he'll win the whole thing."  
She looked at Larry, then turned back to Margo.  "I still like your 
chances, Margo," she said.  The spectators erupted in laughter.  "We'll 
get the ring ready for the last two events."
   Margo vaulted out of the ring and picked up her towel, drying a thin 
sheen of perspiration from her upper lip.  Larry slowly pulled himself up 
to his feet using the ropes.  Dominique's two assistants were busy 
removing the tape and rope from the ring.
   Dominique walked over to Larry, an amused look on her pretty face.  
"You look like you've just about had it, buddy," she said.  "There's a 
water cooler just outside the door over there," she continued.  "Why 
don't you get yourself a drink and relax for a minute?"
   As Larry crawled out of the ring and staggered toward the door, 
Dominique followed him with her eyes.  "You're out of your league, 
skinny," she muttered.
   Larry drank deeply from the water cooler, then rinsed his sore arms, 
trying to take the sting out of the rope burns.  He thought about running 
down the stairs and out the door, but a quick glance back into the gym 
showed that Margo was watching him closely.  He took a deep breath 
and went back in.
   "I thought you might try to escape, Larry," said Margo.  It's a good thing 
for you that you didn't.  If I had to catch you and bring you back here, it 
might have made me mad."  She leaned closer and whispered, "And 
you'd better not quit on me, Babycakes.  If I think you're not trying, I'll 
make you wish you'd never been born."
   Margo turned away and pulled her sweatshirt over her head.  Larry was 
astounded by the big woman's muscular development.  Bulging muscles 
covered her back, and her arms were massive.  Her wide shoulders 
tapered to her narrow waist.  As she turned to face him, he saw that her 
chest was thick and powerful.  Even the breasts under her bikini top 
looked firm.
   "Now do you understand?" asked Margo.  "I've been holding back 
whenever we competed so you'd feel that you might be able to beat me.  
Now you can see what you're really up against."  She flexed her arms 
and chest in a "most muscular" pose.  The sinews danced under her 
glistening skin.  "Eighteen inch biceps, Larry," went on Margo, "and a 
forty-six inch chest.  Thighs that are bigger than your waist.  All of it, 
hard as granite."  Now she flexed her biceps so they bulged like 
cannonballs.  "And you really thought you had a chance?"  Margo shook 
her head in mock pity.  "Tsk, tsk, tsk.  You were dead meat from the 
minute you and I met.  Now get in the ring and take your punishment."
Larry clambered slowly into the ring.  He knew that Margo was deadly 
serious about this contest, and he also knew that he was overmatched.  
He also knew that there was no escape.  He turned slowly to face his 
massive female opponent as Dominique explained the rules of the fourth 
contest.
   "You get each other in a bear hug, with your right arm over the other 
person's left arm.  Lock your hands together and squeeze.  To give up 
you must say the words 'I quit' so I can hear them."  Dominique looked 
at them both.  "That is, if you've got the breath to speak.  If you can't 
speak, let go of your hold.  Are you ready?" she asked.
   Larry gulped and nodded.  "Let's do it," growled Margo.
   They stood chest to chest and secured the bear hugs.  Larry had to tilt 
his head back to look into Margo's eyes, which showed no pity.  He could 
feel the awesome power in Margo's arms first hand now, and it 
frightened him.  Larry could barely stretch his arms out far enough to 
clasp his own hands behind Margo's broad back.
   "GO!" called Dominique.  Even though he knew it was useless, Larry 
put all his strength into his arms, trying to squeeze the breath out of 
Margo's body.  He tried desperately to force the big woman to concede, 
but made no impression on her.  Margo deliberately increased the 
pressure of her brawny arms, until she could feel Larry beginning to 
have trouble breathing.  She held there, waiting, secure in the knowledge 
that she could crush Larry at any time she wished.
   Larry was unable to cause Margo any discomfort at all, while she had 
nearly cut off his breath.  He began to gasp for air, bringing a smile to 
Margo's lips.  Margo slowly lifted Larry's hundred and seventy-one 
pounds off the floor until his feet were dangling helplessly.  She kept 
intensifying the power of her arms, tightening the circle surrounding 
Larry's torso, until he gasped in pain.
   "Aaarrgghhh!" Larry moaned.  He tried to say "I quit", but didn't have 
the air in his lungs.  Margo's brawny arms continued the crushing 
pressure on Larry's trapped body until he was sure his ribs were 
breaking.  He started to black out, his brain starved for oxygen.
   "You'd better give up, Larry," murmured Margo, "or I'll have to really 
squeeze.  I'm barely using half my strength at the moment."  She gave 
him a quick jolt of even greater force, forcing another groan from his 
mouth.  "I could hold you up here and keep squeezing forever.  If you 
can't speak, let go of your hold, dummy."
   Larry dimly remembered that his arms were still wrapped loosely around 
Margo's body.  He released his grasp just as he completely lost 
consciousness.
   "Margo wins!" called Dominique as Larry's right arm flopped limply to 
his side.  His left arm was still trapped under Margo's right arm.  "Let 
him go."
   Margo reluctantly released her prey, and Larry crumpled to the mat.  She 
placed one foot on his head and flexed her biceps as Dominique announced, 
"Margo now leads four to nothing."  She looked down at Larry's supine form.  
"Somebody wake him up, please."
   Margo chalked up a fourth mark under her name and looked back to where one 
of Dominique's assistants was trying to revive Larry with smelling salts.  
Larry sniffed the pungent aroma and shook his head, then suddenly his eyes 
opened and he sat up.  The pain in his head and ribs reminded him of where 
he was and he sank back down again.
   "Time now for the final contest.  So far, you haven't done too well, 
Larry," said Dominique while the onlookers laughed.  "But you can win 
it all if you can make Margo give up in this one last test of strength."  
She snickered loudly.
   Margo knelt beside Larry and murmured, "This is the only way I'd ever 
let you between my legs, you know."  Then she lay down and turned on 
her side so her head was opposite his legs.
   "Now, this contest won't be over until one of you either gives up or is 
knocked out," said Dominique.  "If you want to give up, wave one arm.  
Otherwise, you'll just have to wait until I decide you're unconscious.  
Oh, and you can't try to break the other person's hold.  Okay, Larry, lay 
facing Margo and let her put her head between your legs," Dominique 
ordered.  Larry complied, then put his head between Margo's thickly 
muscled thighs.  "Now, lock your ankles loosely and don't start 
squeezing until I say go," Dominique continued.  Larry crossed his 
ankles, then felt Margo do the same.  He was facing her crotch, and 
could smell her musky odor mixed with the tangy smell of sweat.  
   "Ready, GO!" called Dominique.
   Even though Larry knew it was hopeless, he tried to squeeze Margo's 
head.  He remembered her threat and knew she meant what she said.  
Moreover, he was scared shitless of what she might do to him if he didn't 
try to win.
   Margo knew that Larry was squeezing with all his might, but it didn't 
bother her at all.  She slowly increased the pressure of her brawny legs, 
so it wouldn't be over too quickly.  Margo's rock hard thighs swelled as 
she intensified the strain on Larry's skull.  The pain in Larry's head was 
agonizing, and he knew he couldn't hold out very long.  It felt like his 
head was being crushed flat between the steel jaws of a giant vise.
Larry's hold was loosening as he concentrated on remaining conscious.  
Margo continued the unrelenting pressure, using now nearly half the 
power in those mighty legs.  She thought of all the others she had 
humiliated, and smiled.  There was nothing like the feeling of crushing a 
man unconscious, knowing he was helpless to prevent it.
   By now Larry was in dreamland.  His arms lay limp, and his legs exerted 
no pressure on Margo's head.  Dominique leaned close to make sure, 
then ordered Margo to release her hold.  Margo did so reluctantly, then 
stood up and once again put a foot on the head of the helpless male.  
Dominique raised Margo's arm in victory, then hugged her and kissed 
her passionately on the mouth.  Margo returned the embrace, then 
stepped back and murmured, "Later."  She looked down at Larry's inert 
body and knelt down beside him.  She quickly stripped his shorts off, 
then ripped off his jock strap and raised it over her head in triumph.  
This one would be hung up next to her locker with all the others.

--
