MIDSUMMER MADNESS WITH MARGO (THE MAGNIFICENT)
INTRODUCTION - HOW IT ALL BEGAN
By the Silver Dragon

The events that follow are not the result of a sudden meeting 
between Margo and myself over the vegetable display at the local 
Krogers. Oh no, not at all... In fact there were many times in 
the months leading up to them that we both wondered if we would 
ever truly meet. In order to clarify, a little background 
information is necessary......

Margo and I met (if you can call what happened "meeting") on a 
BBS system that serves the metropolitan area where we both live. 
She in a far northeastern suburb and me in one on the western edge 
of the city. I had been calling Gus & Henry's BBS almost since 
the day they started up; usually a couple of times a week to 
start, and lately a minimum of once a day, Gus & Henry started a 
shoe-string operation, but they had plans to make theirs the best 
damn Adult Oriented BBS in the Region... and by and large they 
have succeeded. Expanding from one, to two, and finally to four 
lines, callers are still often greeted by the Honk-Honk-Honk of a 
busy line.

To make a long story short, Gus & Henry have managed to attract 
quite a following of folks who write "spirited" adult stories, 
and provide "excellent" photo files, as well as folks who are 
happy exchanging "steamy correspondence". It was through the 
correspondence exchange that I met Margo.

 ==0==


One day, while flipping through the E-mail on Gus & Henry's, I 
spotted a note from a new female user, who related that her 
husband "The Aussie Wildman" (who had been a regular) thought she 
might get a kick out of the BBS. She went on to say that she was 
young (Yum), still in her mid-twenties, well-put-together, and 
had long golden blonde hair. She went on to say that she (with 
the Aussie Wildman's help, ad downloaded and read a few 
"interesting" files, and had scanned the messages - and now was 
curious to see what the BBS could offer her.

Needless to say, she was deluged with notes from many of the 
guys, welcoming her, making suggestions for files for her to 
check-out, and offering all sorts of personalized instruction 
(that was not limited to tickling the keys of her computer). 

I waited a few days to see if she was a "one-shot-user" or if she 
was going to be a regular caller. Was I pleasantly surprised! 
Not only did she call pretty regularly, she also joined right in, 
thanking the fellows for their suggestions, and making a few of 
her own.

Sooooo.... being me, I dropped her a "Welcome Aboard Note" and 
offered to provide her with any assistance she might like or 
want. The reply nearly melted my screen. 

She said something like, "Thanks for your offer of assistance. 
The Wildman is going to class while I'm home, and I'm working 
when he's home. I'm getting horny as heck.... Can you help?"

The exchange of private mail that followed that request was 
really something. I'd read her note, and dash off one of mine in 
reply... usually offering to lick, nibble, caress, squeeze, 
fondle or penetrate the body part or orifice of her choice. 
Surprisingly, she responded and offered to stroke, lick, suck, or 
otherwise please any or all of my body parts and/or appendages in 
any order and for whatever duration was humanly possible. My 
condition, when reading and replying to her mail would politely 
be called "aroused", and more realistically my hard-on made it 
necessary to stay behind my desk for a considerable time before 
venturing around the office.... or around the house.

         A quick background note.  During our letter-writing 
         campaign, I told her what I do for a living, and she 
         told me that she worked for the State Patrol as a 
         dispatcher.

         When I learned how she was employed, I wondered if I was 
         either being set-up for some kind of sex charge, or if 
         she was just pulling my chain, but after a quick review 
         of her previous notes (which I had saved) there was no 
         question that she had at least shared responsibility for 
         the blatantly sexual content of our mail.

Finally, unable to stand it any longer, I took the plunge and 
gave her my office telephone number as asked if she could call 
me.  She responded that she would - during a break the following 
day at a certain time.  She did.  

I don't remember all that much of the content of the call. What 
I remember is the raw, wild, erotic images that smashed into my 
subconscious from the sound of her voice. Soft, pitched much 
lower than I expected, with a breathy almost raspy quality that 
shatter my resistance as it drove from my ear straight to my 
crotch. It was a short call, but we did arrange for her to call 
me every few days... and those calls were totally unbelievable!!


 MIDSUMMER MADNESS WITH MARGO (THE MAGNIFICENT)
 THE PLOT GETS MORE INTERESTING

I guess it was during the third or fourth call when Margo caught 
me off-guard and just about drove me crazy. /During our initial 
calls we had talked about light subjects, and I told her I was at 
the office, so I would have to "somewhat careful" about my choice 
of language... so I didn't "draw a crowd" or unwanted attention. 
So when she gave me an earful of phone sex (and trousers full of 
erection) about all I could do was stutter and mumble in reply:

 "Good morning, Lover," she said softly. "I'll bet you 
aren't having as nice a time as I am right now."

 "Oh, I don't know," sez I. "I'm talking to you, so that 
makes MY morning awfully nice."

 "I'm working Second Shift today," she continued, "so I'm at 
home.... And do you know what I'm doing?"

 "Having a second cup of coffee, and watching CNN?" I asked.

 "Nope... I'm sitting here... wearing JUST a filmy lace 
gown.... ENJOYING myself......" There was a pause. "C'mon, just 
picture me," she said, "leaning back in my recliner..... with my 
knees up over the arms....."

 "Nice...." I breathed into the phone.

 "You can only imaging how nice..... I'm holding the phone 
with my neck.... so that leaves both of my hand free to do 
whatever I want....."

 "Jeezeez, Margo...."

 "Like use one of my long, sharp, red-painted fingernails 
to just brush the tip of my nipple.... uummmm... or to pinch 
it... mmmuummm.... and make it hard...."

 "This isn't fair," I protested. "You know I can't talk like 
that you!" I whispered into the phone.

 "Or, I can slide a finger into my pussy... My wet, warm, 
tight pussy... Sliding it in, and out, making myself hotter and 
hotter...," she continued.

The call continued like this, with me muttering and stuttering, 
and protesting, as Margo finally stimulated herself to a 
screaming orgasm, and I totally ruined a pair of slacks, in spite 
of my attempts to stay cool and detached.

As she finally stopped, and was gasping into the receiver, I 
said, "Margo... Fair is fair. Give me a number where I can call 
you to return the favor." Surprisingly, she did, and suggested a 
couple of times when she'd be home alone.

Our phone sex and correspondence almost took on a life if its 
own. Daily contact, sometimes by telephone, sometimes on the 
computer, sometimes both. It was as if some sexually urgent 
force had taken command of both of us, and we were helpless in 
its grasp. Finally, during one of our calls, I said, "God Damn 
it, Margo... We've got to do something about this!"

 "I know," she said, almost sadly. "I've been thinking the 
same thing. We're either going to back-off, or do something 
about out "problem."

 "Rather than make that decision right now," I said, "let's 
at least meet for lunch, or coffee, or a drink or something. 
[#Using `Who` to begin a sentence usually means it is a question 
and should have a question mark (`?`) at the end.#]
Who knows.... You might not be 
[#Simplify. Try form of `can`.#]
able to stand the sight of me."

 "Okay," she responded after a short pause. "Can you meet me 
in an hour?"

 I looked at my watch, thought about my schedule, and said, 
"You bet! Name the place."

She did, and after making sure I knew where it was, and telling 
her how to recognize me, we had agreed to meet. 


 MIDSUMMER MADNESS WITH MARGO (THE MAGNIFICENT)
 (FINALLY) WE MEET FOR LUNCH

I timed my arrival at the restaurant for 15-minutes prior the 
"appointed hour". First, I've always been a "lateness freak". 
It makes me crazy to know I'm going to be late for any 
appointment, especially for one holding as much potential for 
excitement as my first meeting with Margo. My second reason for 
arriving early was to insure we could be seated in a semi-
secluded area, that would give us as much privacy as possible. 
I'd been to Cuzzin Biff's Chowhouse before, and knew that there 
were a couple of booths that would give us the freedom to discuss 
whatever it was we were going to discuss, without worrying (too 
much) about being overheard. I knew first hand after not being 
able to speak freely at the office during our telephone 
conversations, just how frustrating it could be - not to be able 
to speak freely.

After speaking with the Hostess, and tipping her rather lavishly 
to guarantee one of the private booths, I exited into the parting 
lot, to await Margo's arrival. I didn't have long to wait. It 
was only a matter a two or three minutes, when I saw a car glide 
to a stop and a tall, well-built blonde start toward the front 
door.

 I intercepted her, just as she was about to open the glass 
door. "Margo?" I asked.

 She looked at me, and then a broad smile lit her face, 
"Hi... You must be Max."

 "In the flesh," I answered. "I hope you don't mind, but 
I've already seen the Hostess and reserved a booth in back...."

 "Mind? Of course not! I got away a few minutes early to 
see if I could do that. It seems like our minds are working 
pretty much alike."

Without further ado, we walked in together, and were quickly 
seated. An efficient waitress brought menus, etc. and said she 
would be back. A sudden silence descended on our table. I 
looked at Margo and she looked at me, and the silence was broken 
when we both started talking at once.

 "Are you...."

 "You're... Why don't you go first," I volunteered. "I'm a 
great believer in allowing women to go first."

 "In everything? she asked with a wicked grin.

 "Everything important. I love to walk behind them, to stand 
behind them.... I always try to let the lady come first." Now it 
was my turn to grin.

Margo didn't miss a beat. 

 "That sounds great," she said. What I started to say was, 
"Are you disappointed?"

 "In what?" I asked, not really understanding what she was 
asking.

 "In me, silly."

 "Gawd, no," I answered. "In fact you are a wonderful 
surprise." 

 "So are you," she continued. "When you finally told me a 
little bit about yourself, I was sort of expecting to see an 'old 
man'. That's something you're definitely not!"

 "And when you said you were Rubenesque, was afraid you were 
going to be a real 747," I added. "You're not one of those 
undernourished 'Twiggy-types', but..... Oh, yes... Very, very 
nice."

Now that we had the formalities out of the way, and it appeared 
that neither of us was going to run screaming toward the exit, we 
decided to order lunch, to avoid interruptions to what could be 
an "interesting" meal.

 "You know," I started when the waiter left our table, "you 
really didn't play fair during those phone calls. Especially the 
one you made from the house."

 "Whah, what-evah do you mean," she cooed in a broad, fake' 
southern drawl.

 "When you started in telling me what you were doing, sitting 
there in that arm-chair...."

 "I got your attention, didn't I?"

 "Hell yes! Everything was suddenly at attention," I 
laughed. "You weren't really doing all..."

 "You mean was I playing with myself as I talked with you?"

 I nodded dumbly, felling my cock suddenly twitch, as I 
remembered the call. "Yeah, that's what I mean," I replied, my 
attention riveted on this gorgeous young woman.

 "Weeellll... not at first...." she started. "At first I was 
just teasing you. But as I talked, I decided "why not, and began 
doing what I was talking about."

 "Jeez," I mumbled, shifting from the ever-increasing 
tightness in my slacks. "All I could do was close my eyes and 
imagine...."

 "I could tell. You kept mumbling, and trying to be cool and 
calm on the phone. I think that made it even better for me. 
Knowing that I could tell you anything.... and there wasn't 
anything you could do about it." She paused, and took a quick 
look around, to see if anyone was eavesdropping, before she 
continued. "I kept talking, and imagining what would turn you 
on, and then did it and talked about it, and I kept getting 
hotter and hotter...."

 "Me too," I interjected.

 "Anyway, by the time the call was over, I'd cum about three 
times, and totally soaked my chair."

 "And when you were done, I'd ruined a perfectly good pair of 
slacks, soaked my chair, and relegated myself to staying behind 
my desk for almost the rest of the day," I laughed. "But it was 
worth it... Believe me!"

 "What happened on my end of the phone was great too," she 
said.

We both smiled at each other, mentally probing... trying to 
decide where the conversation would go, when the waiter returned 
with our meals, giving a welcome break to the mental gymnastics I 
know I was going through. When things settled down at the table, 
our conversation continued as if there had not been a short 
uncomfortable pause.

As we started to eat I looked Margo over. Not obtrusively, but 
casually, letting my eyes roam over hear at will, wishing my gaze 
was physically attached to my fingers. This was a dynamite 
looking lady. She hadn't stretched the truth or fabricated 
anything. Long golden blonde hair, eyes that were so green they 
were almost startling, and a lush voluptuous body. I thought to 
myself, that she was lucky, because so many tall women get their 
height through their torso. Not Margo!

She was perhaps a little short-waisted, so her 5'-9" came from 
long, tapered, gorgeous legs... Legs that were so long, at a man 
who started licking her toes could develop an altitude nose-bleed 
before he got to the top.

As I said her body was voluptuous and ripe. Her adjective she 
had used in her personal physical description had been 
"Rubenesque". Too often I've seen that description used by women 
who were grotesquely overweight. Not Margo! No, she wasn't 
super slim, like the models they use for Special-K commercials, 
but to my eyes there was a fantastically constructed, sensual 
young woman sharing my booth for lunch.... and I hoped by the end 
of our meal, she'd be willing to share much, much more.

 Margo looked up and saw what I was doing and blushed a 
little, but quickly recovered and said, "Well, do I pass?"

 "Are you kidding? I said. I was just thinking how the way 
you described yourself.... You didn't do yourself justice."

 Margo made a brief gesture of dismissal. Like I was blowing 
smoke, so I continued, "You really don't know how beautiful you 
are, do you? You look like a garden-ripe peach, just full of 
good stuff and bursting to get out. If anybody has a right to be 
concerned about how they look it's me."

 "You?" she said quickly. "You look great.... All right, 
you're no Arnold Schwartendingus, but you look pretty good. I 
thought you might look like the typical "dirty old man". You 
know, with the trench coat and the bottomless popcorn cup."

 I must have looked confused, because she pantomimed holding 
something in her lap. Then she looked over and said, "Hey, 
little girl, reach in and get some popcorn."

 I couldn't help myself, and I started to giggle, and then 
laugh. She joined in, and suddenly several people at surrounding 
tables were looking at us strangely.

 When we had settled down, Margo looked over at me and said, 
"I think you'll do just fine."

 "At what?" I asked, feeling like quite a bit was suddenly 
unsaid.

 She ignored my question. Instead, she reached down to the 
hem of her abbreviated skirt, and lifted it slowly, rolling it 
back on itself. Helplessly, I watched the edge of the silky 
cloth rolling slowly up her firm young thigh. In the shadow 
beneath the edge of the table, the overhead lights made the nylon 
filaments sparkle, as they caught the light. My attention was 
also captured, especially, when the darker hue of the reinforced 
stocking top was revealed. My eyes flicked up to hers, and I saw 
that she was carefully watching my reaction to my private showing 
of her leg.

 Margo continued to slide the hem of her skirt higher, until 
the smooth creamy skin above the top of her stocking was 
available to my sight. A beautiful expanse of tender young 
feminine flesh was broken only by the lacy intrusion of her 
garter. She stopped, and I took a deep breath, looked deeply 
into her eyes and say only one word. "Wow!"

 "You like?" she asked softly, with a tentative smile.

 "Gawd, yes!" I breathed in reply. I swallowed a couple of 
times, to get a little moisture back in my mouth, and then said, 
"If you keep that up, I'm likely to have a heart attack or 
something."

 "I think I'd rather you had the 'or something'," she smiled 
back at me wickedly, running her wet pink tongue over her full 
luscious lips.

 She straightened her shirt, and I made a very disappointed 
face. My expression lasted only a moment, because he softly 
patted the cushion immediately beside her hip and said, "Slide 
over a little...."

 Mama didn't raise any geniuses, but she hadn't raised a 
dummy either. When a beautiful young woman asks me to sit close 
to her, I rarely refuse, so I scooted closer, catching a scent of 
a light perfume, and a faint musky undertone, that I figured was 
a signal that she too, was aroused.

 I leaned back, after moving close to Margo, shook my head 
slowly, and said very quietly, "Lady, you are something else."

 "And you don't like it I suppose?"

 "What's not to like...... I think your openness is 
wonderful," I answered.

 "I'll show you openness later... Right now I want to see if 
you've been all talk."

 I jumped when her hand arrived on the top of my thigh, but 
quickly understood what she was doing. As her hand moved toward 
my crotch, she turned her head, and said, "Care to return the 
favor?"

 Instantly my hand was below her shirt, sliding up her inner 
thigh until my fingers were nestling and gently exploring her 
moist crotch. While I was becoming "much" better acquainted with 
Margo's anatomy, she was busy checking out my 'Johnson'. I must 
have passed, because as my fingers attempted to burrow through 
the soaked nylon of her panties, her fingers were doing a 
timeless dance along and around my cock; which was now straining 
for release.

 Margo leaned her head onto my shoulder, as we stimulated 
each other and said, "Let's go....." I didn't ask where. I 
didn't care, so long as it was with her.

 MIDSUMMER MADNESS WITH MARGO (THE MAGNIFICENT)
 AFTER LUNCH - IT'S OFF TO HER HOUSE

 I started out, eagerly following the lady, when I started 
thinking with my head. (the one between my ears). I signaled to 
her, and quickly used a pay phone in the lobby, to let my office 
I had gotten tied up (interesting thought), and would be in the 
next morning. Margo had stepped close to me while I was making 
the call, and was casually running her long tapered fingers over 
the bulge in my crotch. Needless to say, my secretary knew 
something was up, but thought I was ill, rather than stammering 
and stuttering because of what this wild-woman was doing to me.

 In the parking lot, Margo pointed out her car, and I did the 
same. Then she said, "We've got a ways to go. I'll watch for 
you, but follow me." I quickly nodded, and that earned me a 
quick peck on the cheek, and a whispered, "That's not even an 
appetizer. Just wait."

 And we were off.... Headed only "she knew where". Margo was 
a good driver. She signaled her intentions in advance, and made 
those moves so I could follow her easily. The fact that her RX-7 
was fire engine red didn't hurt anything either. 

 In a matter of a few minutes, we were on the Freeway, headed 
northeast. At the sign for Exit 93, her turn signal started 
flashing and she began getting ready to exit. A few lefts and 
rights found us on a quiet suburban street, with the houses 
widely separated, and surrounded by stately trees. The turn-
signal flashed again, and I followed her into a large condominium 
complex. She pulled the RX-7 to stop, and waved for me to park 
next to her. I did, and climbed out; following, as she walked up 
a walkway and used her key to unlock a heavy, ornate front door.

Once inside, she turned toward me, and stepped forward into my 
arms, pressing her body against mine. Her arms twined around my 
neck, and we indulged in (and enjoyed) a long wet deep kiss, my 
arms were pressing her even tighter. Finally, we came up for 
air, and she stepped back, and wiggled her forefinger in a 
"follow-me"gesture. I did, through the entry hall, and down a 
step into a sunken great room, handsomely furnished with designer 
furniture, and what looked like original oil paintings.

 As I looked around, at the sumptuous surroundings, Margo had 
stepped into a conversation pit, kicked off her shoes, and taken 
a seat, (almost reclining) on the smooth pearl gray velvet. I 
looked up when I heard her hiss, "Psst," and quickly joined her.

 As I sat beside her, and tentatively reached for her hand, 
Margo looked at me and said, I'm so nervous... I'm not sure... 
I'm not sure this is a good idea."

 "You're not the only one nervous," I quipped. I keep 
listening for the front door to crash open and your irate husband 
to run in with a 12-gauge."

 "Aussie's not like that," she said. "In fact, we talked it 
over, and he told me to meet you for lunch"

 "He did?" I said, flabbergasted. "And what about this? 
After lunch?

 "He left that up to me," she said quietly, looking at the 
floor. "He said after lunch I could either say good-bye and 
thank you for lunch, or invite to over here... For "dessert" if I 
felt comfortable with you."

 "Jesus!" I said, shaking my head. "I don't know..."

 "What don't you know? You don't find me attractive? Or, 
you don't want to make love to me? Or, you don't know if it'll 
be fun if I have "permission"?"

 "None of those things," I mumbled. "It's just I've never 
been in this situation before, and it's strange. That's all."

 As we had been quietly talking, Margo had been 
surreptitiously unbuttoning her blouse, and unfastening the catch 
on her skirt. I had been so wrapped up in my reactions to the 
relationship that she and her husband shared, I hadn't paid much 
attention to what she was doing. I was instantly cured, when 
after she asked if I wanted something to drink, and said "ice 
water" she rose, leaving her skirt in a pile around her ankles, 
and her blouse gaped open.

 Ohhhh," was all I was able to say for a moment, as I watched 
her fantastic ass, roll out of the room, framed at the top by the 
hem of her blouse, and at the bottom by the tops of her 
stockings, held in place by lacy garters.

 The view when she returned carrying two glasses was even 
more awe-inspiring, as her generously endowed bosom, wrapped in a 
nearly transparent lacy bra .... "Aw shit, you're beautiful," was 
all I was capable of saying.

 She stopped in front of me and bent forward, to hand me the 
glass of water. I missed the glass on my first attempt to take 
it. My eyes were racing over her, catching the shadow of her 
pubic bush beneath tiny, equally transparent panties, and then to 
her breasts, which tumbled out of the confining brassiere, as she 
leaned forward. She had fiddled the catch between her breasts 
while she was in the kitchen.

 I quickly placed the glass on the coffee table and reached 
for her. Margo offered no resistance, and slipped on the couch 
beside me, leaning toward me, so my hands cupped her glorious 
breasts. She moaned softly, as she pressed forward and we kissed 
once again.

 "I guess it's time to get you comfortable now, isn't it?"

 I didn't need a second invitation. I loosened my tie, after 
shucking off my jacket. My shirt and shoes were the next to go, 
followed quickly by my pants, until I sat there with this nearly 
naked woman, clad only in my shorts and wrist watch.

 "Okay," I said. "Your turn, Margo. Would you like some 
help?"

 She shook her head, and almost grimly removed her blouse, 
and bra, as I watched carefully, savoring her ever move, and ever 
square inch of her soft smooth skin as it was fully exposed. She 
glanced at me, as I watched, her unfasten and remove her nylon 
stocking, and then slide the garterbelt down over her womanly 
hips. There she was, naked, except for those tiny panties, 
beside me on the couch.

 I reached for her, drawing her toward me, pressing our 
bodies together, as we both savored the touch of the other's 
body. I leaned back, drawing her forward with me, until I was 
flat on my back, and Margo was on top of me, there in the 
conversation pit, in her Great Room. She wiggled, well maybe 
shivered is a better description, as my hand slide down her body, 
and cupped the firm globes of her ass, pressing her forward, 
firmly anchoring our pelvises together. My hand moved, almost as 
if it had a mind of its own, slipping inside the waistband of the 
tiny panties, and she moaned into my mouth, as we kissed deeply, 
as my fingers found the fullness of her hot flesh.

 She rolled off me, and slipped her hand inside my shorts, 
taking inventory, as it were. For the look on her face it was 
clear her was not disappointed with what I had to offer.

 I leaned toward her, kissing her nipple, and running my 
tongue over the tip, and felt it swell with her arousal. I 
repeated my action with her other breast, as my fingers took over 
for my lips, on the first. I sucked, and nibbled and caressed 
with my tongue and lips on one breast, while my fingers fondled, 
tickled, squeezed and gently tugged on the other. Then I 
reversed, repeating... left, right, left, right, as Margo threw 
her head back, and just enjoyed all the attention.

 When twenty minutes or so had passed, she was gasping 
softly, and both nipples were erect and sensitized, to the point 
that the merest touch or lick made Margo shiver with enjoyment. 
She was aroused. Not as aroused as she would become, but the 
musky scent of her natural moister was apparent. Not wanting to 
waste the moment, I disengaged from her breasts, and dropped to 
the floor, in front of her.

 I began by running my fingers softly up the backs of her 
calves, and the beginning to kiss the tops of her thighs. If 
there is one thing Margo is not - it's slow. She immediately 
opened her legs, offering the inner plains if her thighs to my 
tongue.

 As I licked the firms warm flesh of her inner thighs, my 
hands had moved up to the waistband of her panties. As I tugged 
them down, Margo raised her hips, allowing them to glide off with 
no obstruction. Quickly my hands were back on the outer surfaces 
of her thighs, urging her to slide forward, to make her furry 
treasure chest available to my lips, tongue, mouth and fingers.

 "Ohhh, Gaawd," she whispered as just the smallest portion of 
her buttocks remained supported by the velvet cushions of the 
couch, and she leaned back, with her legs spread wide for me.

 I readjusted myself, in accordance with Margo's willing 
posture. I leaned forward and ran my mouth up the inner surface 
of her creamy, silky thighs, and she quivered as I drew closer to 
her pussy; now fragrant from her arousal. I repeated the line of 
nibbles and licks, moving toward her vaginal portal, on the other 
thigh, and her shivers grew even more pronounced.

 My used both hands - reaching forward - my fingers, barely 
entering her moist slit. Then I gently opened her puffy, furred 
outer lips, to gaze at the wetness of her inner lips, and the 
slick entrance to her perfect, pretty, pink, portal of pleasure. 
 As my head moved forward, Margo's eyes were locked on mine, 
and as my breath touched her tender, sensitive, private parts, 
she moaned softly, "YesssYessyeahhhhhh," and my tongue glided 
along the length of her flavorful snatch.

 Soon, her hips were rocking, and twitching as my lips and 
tongue played with her. Licking and sucking I increased her 
level of arousal, until she was flowing freely with sweet inner 
nectar. I used my mouth and teeth to open her outer lips as wide 
as possible, and then individually, tugged at the crinkled, soft 
inner lips, sucking them one at a time into my mouth, while my 
nose was buried deep in her creamy center.

 I shifted my attention slightly upward, to the now erect bud 
of her clitoris. Sucking and licking her clit, while my fingers 
entered her pussy in rhythmic strokes, she seemed to soar toward 
her first (but definitely not the last) orgasm of the afternoon.

 She bucked her hips, and her hands closed around the back of 
my head, forcing me tighter against her now frenzied flesh. My 
tongue and fingers continued to move in-and-out, and across her 
most sensitive parts, until with a lunge against my mouth and a 
scream of joy the orgasm that had been building crested and 
crashed over her. Her went rigid, not breathing, with only a 
tight quiver to her body as the force of her pleasure rocked her 
body and mind, until she suddenly went limp and almost sobbed 
with relief.

 As she regained her senses, I lay my head in her crotch, 
feeling all the gentle muscular aftershocks, and her fingers 
moved softly through my hair and across my face. During this 
period of recovery, Margo kept murmuring, in almost a monologue, 
"Thankyouthankyou.. Mmmmmsogoooddo good, Thank you thank you 
thank you."

 After several minutes, after her breathing has returned to 
normal, she shook her head, and said, "Wow! That was wonderful. 
Was I out-of-it for long?"

 "Not long," I replied, as my hands resumed gliding over the 
warm, firm flesh of her legs and thighs. The side of my head 
remained, nestled in her crotch. "Doing better? I asked.

 "Better? I don't know if I could stand much better... But, 
I think I'm okay now." She paused, and then said, "Now it
It's my turn to make you cum. Let's trade places."

 I shifted, and sat beside her, and she rolled toward me, 
pressing her voluptuous body against me, and out hands raced over 
each other's body, enjoying the sensation of responsive flesh 
under our respective fingers, and the level of arousal we were 
both giving and receiving. Then Margo slowly drew away. Her 
large pink-capped breasts uncompressed from my chest, and grew 
into their normal configuration. But she didn't totally break 
contact. Instead, she arched her torso, maneuvering her nipples 
against my own, and in that position, she bushed against me; 
arousing us both.

 After several minutes she pulled away, and slipped to her 
knees between my legs, placing her cheek on my thigh. In that 
position, she watched my erect cock, as it responded to the soft 
touch of her fingers as he traced her fingernail down its length, 
and then reached forward to cup my balls in her palm, bouncing 
them gently, as if gauging their weight.

 Still supping my balls, her moved her face forward, and with 
her free hand positioned "Mr. Bill's" head at her lips. Her 
tongue snaked out, tracing slowly along the damp slit at the end, 
and then slowly pressed forward, allowing my cock to penetrate 
into her mouth. I watched as more and more of my throbbing prick 
was enveloped, all of my feelings concentrated at the tight 
circle she had made of her lips, and thrilling as her tongue 
raced over the head and shaft.

 "God you're good," I said softly, as my level of arousal 
rose with each lick. Margo's oral mastery was further enhanced 
by the visual sensations I was receiving, as I watched her mouth 
gliding over my electrified flesh, pumping me in and out, over 
and over. Finally, I felt the beginning twinges of my own 
eruption, and used my hand to stop her. "I want to cum IN you 
the first time.... If you don't mind."

 "Of course not," she murmured around my cock that was still 
expertly held in her mouth. She pulled back, giving my cock a 
kiss on the head, and continued, "Remember when we typed to each 
other about my fantasy?"

 "You mean the one where two men enjoy you at the same time?"

 "Yes.... that one." She delivered a long lingering lick, 
wrapping her tongue around the head of my cock, and then slowly 
letting it glide off. "Could you deal with that?"

 "The way I feel right now... I'd crawl over a mile of broken 
beer bottles," I quipped, feeling more brave than I really was. 
"Sure. I guess so...."

 "Great! I'll call "The Aussie". Now get back down there 
and eat me.... please?"

 I just looked at Margo for a moment, taking in the soft 
desirable body, with her ample, pink, erect nipples, capping her 
full breasts, and the relaxed spread legs, that naturally lead my 
eyes to her fantastic pussy. I shook my head, as I sank to the 
floor to give the pleasure she had requested. Thinking that this 
would be as good a day to die as any other.

 MIDSUMMER MADNESS WITH MARGO (THE MAGNIFICENT)
 ADD ONE AUSSIE - FULLY AROUSED

 As I got myself arranged between her thighs, and leaned 
forward to make contact with her already soaked cunt, she scooted 
her butt out to the edge of the cushions again, so I would have 
perfect access. I again used my fingers to open her pussy 
gently, and began to lick, and suck and nibble, as her hips 
pressed toward me. I flicked my eyes up, over her Hairy Mound of 
Venus, and saw her eyes were closed, and she was biting down on 
her lower lip, making "MmmMmmm," sounds in her throat. I was 
watching as she reached for the telephone, dialed, and said, "How 
soon can you get here, Aussie?"

 There was a pause, and she said, "Lunch was great. 
Everything was MUCH better than I expected, MmmmmMMMm." Another 
pause where she listed intently, and then replied, "Not yet.... 
But soon. (pause) "Well, if you must know, he's eating me... 
(pause) No! Right now! (pause) "Just some head... (pause) "NO! 
He didn't cum in my mouth, He asked me to stop.." (pause) This 
is the second time for me... That's how we started. (pause) 
Okay, I'll let him know.... See you soon, Babe."

 Although I only heard one side of their conversation, it was 
obvious they had been talking about out lunch time meeting, and 
it's aftermath. I listed my face, wet from her juices, and 
asked, "Is everything all right?"

 "Better than all right... He'll be here in a few minutes."

 "Then I better stop," I replied.

 "Don't you dare!" she said quickly. "We talked about what 
might happen last night... And this was one of the 
possibilities. He sounds as happy as I feel."

 I virtually dove into Margo's cunt, lick and slashing with 
my tongue, wanting to get her off again, before we were joined by 
her husband; as I wasn't exactly sure what would happen when he 
arrived. My attention was starting to pay off... after a few 
minutes, I felt her start to quiver and have tiny spasms, deep 
inside, as my oral stimulation pushed up that long rocky slope 
toward release. My cock was hard and throbbing, and I questioned 
if I would be able to resist sinking it into her love canal, when 
I heard a door open. 

 I froze. My cock deflated. I drew back from her gaping 
pussy, reaching for my pants. Suddenly... the Aussie Wildman was 
in the room.... and I started to relax, when I saw that he had a 
huge smile on his face.

 As he stepped toward the conversation pit, with Margo - 
sprawled out - totally nude, with me seated between her legs, 
with my face as sticky as a glazed donut, he began stripping off 
his shirt, which he threw to the floor, quickly followed by his 
pants and shorts which were unceremoniously kicked aside, as they 
hit the floor - one after the other. It was only a matter of 
seconds before he was seated beside Margo, giving her a deep - 
deep kiss, and teasing her nipples. Since it was obvious that he 
was not upset, I tentatively began licking her snatch once more.

 Margo's reaction to the touch of my tongue was instantaneous. 

She began pressing her pubis forward, encouraging me. I glanced 
up to see what the Aussie was doing and saw that he had 
transferred the attention of his mouth from her lips to her nips, 
and the way Margo's head was thrown back, thrusting her glorious 
tits forward, left no doubt that she was enjoying his (and my) 
attention.

 As I watched, glancing up between and amide licks and 
nibbles to her clit and inner lips, I saw the Aussie firmly grip 
the nipple he wasn't suckling, and pull with a twisting motion. 
Margo's breast elongated from his pulling action, and the twist 
must have been firmer than it looked, because she immediately 
squealed with pleasure, and her pussy fluttered around my tongue 
in a small pre-orgasm. When the Aussie reversed himself, 
suckling the other breast and tugging the nipple he had 
previously been kissing, Margo spasmed again, and this time 
flooded my face.

 I looked up and nodded at the Aussie, and he nodded back. 
Some of the strangeness of our 3-some was starting to fade, but I 
think both of us were a little hesitant to really "get with the 
program". I guess it was a mutual decision, but I really started 
it, when I scrambled out from between Margo's legs, and pulled 
the overstuffed hassock closer. The Aussie's eyes lit up, when 
he realized what I had in mind, and together we moved Margo from 
the couch and draped her over the stool.

 Maybe it was because I was the guest in his house. Maybe he 
wanted to be able to watch his lady's face. Maybe he needed some 
additional stimulation. But, for whatever reason, the Aussie 
motioned for me to take up a position behind Margo, while he 
moved on his knees - directly in front of her face.

 From my position, behind her, Margo's sculptured ass was 
raised to the level of the hassock, and her knees were spread, 
giving me a perfect view of the cleft containing the tight 
pucker of her asshole leading down into the valley of her pussy, 
which was moist and swollen with lust and anticipation.

 I saw and heard the Aussie place his cock at Margo's lips, 
and from the way he was rocking his pelvis, there was no doubt 
that he was fucking her mouth. Not wanting to be left out, I 
moved up close behind her, and slide my rigid erection into her 
pussy. As she felt me begin to enter, Margo arched her back, and 
I slowly drove full-length into her. I paused, and began pumping 
slowly, using my hands on her magnificent hips for balance.

 The Aussie and I was facing each other, both rocking our 
pelvises, driving our cocks into Margo's wet, willing orifices. 
We began to move faster, in and out, in and out, timing our 
thrusts so they occurred at the same time, and then he slowed, so 
he was driving forward, and I as withdrawing, and then he changed 
again, so our thrusts occurred together.

 Margo was grunting and moaning. I assume they were "happy 
sounds" but since I couldn't see her face, I had to trust the 
Aussie. Besides, she was his wife, and either of them could have 
said "stop" at any time.

 The Aussie reached out, and tapped me, getting my attention, 
and signaled he wanted to switch. I drove forward, and froze, my 
entire cock pushed as deep as possible, and I felt Margo quiver 
deep inside. Then I slowly pulled out. I moved around to her 
head, while the Aussie took up the position behind, and we 
started again.

 I was a little bit concerned about what Margo would think of 
sucking a cock that was still wet with her own juices, but I 
shouldn't have been. She reached out and held my cock and licked 
it like and ice cream cone, savoring he scent and flavor or her 
pussy mixed with the pre-cum and scent of my own arousal.

 By now the Aussie was pounding into her, from the rear, and 
she opened her mouth for me. I slipped my prick between her lips 
and began to rock slowly, giving her a chance to become 
accustomed. I shouldn't have been concerned. Margo thrust her 
chin forward to open her throat, and I slid in, deep in her 
throat, and was thrilled by the sensations the muscles in her 
throat imparted when she swallowed over and over.

 I had been trying to control myself, and had managed to hold 
off cuming, but the swallowing action pushed me over the edged 
and I gushed into her mouth and throat. Margo moaned, and gagged 
briefly, but managed to handle it. Only a small trickle escaped 
the corner of her mouth, as she groaned as the Aussie seemed to 
cum at about the same time.

 Slowly the room seemed to come back into focus for all of 
us. All three of us seemed a little self-conscious. But not 
enough to get dressed. I know that the last thing I was 
interested in at the moment was leaving. From Margo's reactions, 
as well as the Aussie's - they didn't want me to leave yet 
either, so the three of us sat back on the couch. Margo in the 
middle, with Aussie and I like bookends - one on each side.

 Margo had thrown her arms wide, wrapping them around my neck 
as well as the Aussie's. She had thrown her legs open, over the 
one closest to her. She wasn't holding anything back. Margo was 
ready for whatever might happen next, and if the dreamily 
expression on her face was any indication, she was thinking of 
several things that might happen next.... maybe all of them.

 I asked if smoking a cigarette would bother them, and after 
they both told me to go ahead, I lit up, savoring something at 
least a little "normal". Margo asked for a drag, and reached 
over, and held it for her. The Aussie just leaned back, as if he 
was gathering either his strength or his courage. Later I found 
out it was both.

 After a few minutes, both the Aussie and I was playing with 
Margo, in as sexually explicit manner as possible. We were 
kissing her breasts, tugging and twisting her nipples, stroking 
her thighs, fingering her pussy, stroking her clit... anything 
and everything that we could think of to get Margo turned on all 
over again. I was kissing her, my tough thrust deeply into her 
mouth, and she was returning the favor, when she had a baby 
orgasm.

 "Nice," she hissed. "You guys really know how to treat a 
lady."

 I quickly quipped, "treating you like a LADY is the furthest 
thing from my mind, Margo. And you love it."


 MIDSUMMER MADNESS WITH MARGO (THE MAGNIFICENT)
 TWO AT A TIME

 She nodded, and then quivered as the Aussie's fingers 
penetrated deep into her love canal, and his thumb buzzed across 
her clit. Then she reached over the back of the couch, as she 
said, "Aussie..... I think NOW is the time."

 The Aussie leaned forward, and said to me, "Well friend. 
What do you want... heads or tails?"

 "She's your wife," I answered. The two of you decide."

 "Hell," Margo said. "If the two of you are going to argue, 
I'll decide.... I mean... I've decided."

 With that she lead me to the floor, and had me lie down. 
Then she moved forward, between my legs and impaled herself on my 
hard-on, sliding it deeply into her cunt. Then the Aussie moved 
up behind her, and after greasing her backdoor, he slipped on a 
condom, and after applying a coating of lubricant to himself, he 
gently but firmly pressed into her asshole.

 I've seen pictures, and I've read stories... I've even seen 
a video or two of double penetration. But, this was my first 
personal experience. I felt the Aussie's cock slide up along 
mine, knowing that we were separated only by a paper thin 
membrane. I watched Margo's face contort, as the pressure built 
and she was left with a painfully stretched feeling. I pulled 
her face to me, and said softly, "It's too much... let me slide 
out..."

 She shook her head no, but I could see in her eyes that she 
was grateful. So I pulled out. Margo suddenly said, "Aussie, 
get out of my ass... I've got an idea."

 Not being a fool, Aussie complied with Margo's request, and 
extracted himself from her rectum.

 From a kneeling position, Margo turned me around so just my 
eyes were under her moist glistening pussy. Then she knee-
walked, shuffling forward a few inches to give my mouth perfect 
access. I reached up and cupped her breasts, and pinched her 
nipples. Not enough to be painful, but just to give her 
encouragement, and to let her know just how special she was. She 
seemed to savor my touch, and then she leaned forward, and lay 
her cheek in my belly, and began talking to the Aussie, telling 
him to grease both himself and her asshole once again.

 As she spoke, her breath tickled the coarse black hairs on 
my belly, and seemed to me at the time, to be one of the most 
erotic sensations I had ever experienced. "Mr. Bill", who had 
been firm but somewhat at half-mast instantly jerked to 
attention. My reaction was not lost on Margo. From my position 
under her open crotch, I very slowly and gently was tracing my 
tongue along the crinkled edges of her inner lips, and 
occasionally lightly licking across her clit, just to keep her 
home-fires-burning.

 Margo's hands slipped behind her. I assume she was 
separating her cheek, to give the Aussie as much access as 
possible during the "lubrication phase" and from the grunts and 
moans she was making, I had to assume the Aussie was engaged in 
some stimulation as well. It was then that I felt a stream of 
cool air rush across my pubic hairs and arouse me even more. 
"Mr. Bill" quivered with excitement. 

 Another puff of breath was followed by Margo saying, "Glad 
to see you're still paying attention."

 I let her know I'd heard her, as well as appreciated her 
attention, by pushing my tongue as deeply as possible into her 
pussy, and flexing my chin against her pubic bone. Margo's 
knees opened a little wider, and she sank ever closer to my 
mouth, tongue and lips.

 Lapping, poking and licking with my tongue, as my lips 
nibbled and tugged at her lips and clit. Even if Margo hadn't 
gasped as the Aussie's pick penetrated her bowels, I would have 
known. Her whole pussy was pressed downward, emphasizing the 
depth of her outer lips, and allowing the fine inner lips to 
stand free. In addition to the physical change in appearance, I 
received a large deposit of her inner wetness on my tongue, which 
I savored and then swallowed, as I continued to lick and nibble.

 As the Aussie pumped in and out, Margo's pelvis rocked 
forward and then recoiled, making her entire open crotch easily 
available to my tongue and lips, and I made the most of the 
opportunity. The Aussie's pumping also forced her slick internal 
emission out, so my face was covered, and my nose slide along the 
slit of her pussy as my tongue swirled over her clit.

 My consciousness was centered on Margo's groin and trying to 
give her the maximum pleasure from her experience, but surprise - 
surprise.... Margo began to return the favor, by placing her 
mouth on the head of my cock and inhaling it. Aussie's bucking 
into her backdoor did more than make her pelvis rock! She was 
fucking me with her mouth and it was great!

 Fortunately for me (I guess) the tightness of Margo's ass 
was overstimulating the Aussie, and I guess the combination of my 
tonguing and nibbling and probing with my tongue and nose got the 
better of Margo, because she expelled my cock from between her 
lovely lips and screamed with passion and sexual release as the 
Aussie unloaded deep into her rear. She collapsed onto my face, 
and lay there for a few moments, gasping, and I continued to 
savor her flavor.

 Slowly, we all recovered, slowly separating, and sitting up, 
looking at each other will silly (almost guilty) smiles. The 
Aussie was the first to break the silence. "That was TERRIFIC!" 
he announced.

 "I'll say," I agreed, as I mopped Margo's sticky deposits 
from my face.

 "I hope you boys aren't all tired out," Margo said. "I'm 
not through with either one of you yet."

 "Jeezes, Margo," the Aussie said. "What's next? I mean... 
haven't we done just about everything its possible to do?"

 "Yeahhh," she coo-ed. "And I loved it, and want to do it 
all again." This last was said as she pinched and tugged her own 
nipples.

 "I've got a better idea," I interjected. "Rather than 
totally wear each other out, or do EVERYTHING it's possible to do 
today, why don't we all think of all the possible combinations, 
variations and permutations..... Than we can plan another 
session... that might be even hotter."

 "Aawww," Margo groaned, fingering her pussy. I want you in 
my ass," she said, looking straight at me.

 "I'd love to, Margo... Believe me. But I don't know if I 
can get it up again so quickly."

 "I'll take care of getting it UP," she said, winking at me 
wickedly, and believe it or not my wilted cock began to respond.

 "No, he's right," said the Aussie. "Let's call it a night 
as far as this group grope is concerned. But, let's plan a get 
together for next week."

 So.... that's how my meeting with Margo happened, as well as 
what happened after lunch. What happened at our next Group 
Outing (or In-ing and Out-ing if you'd prefer) will be the 
subject of a subsequent story.


