Archive-name: Casual/margoass.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Margo's Utterly Fabulous Ass


I was in town for a weeklong class at a University downstate, and I found
out that on Thursday nights there was Folk Dance in town.  Folk
dancing has been a fantastic way to meet women; if there's any way
to find out if the magnetism is there, dancing close to someone is
perfect.  It's also easy to send little signals and look for the
right response.  When I'm dancing normally, I hold a woman
in one way; but if I'm attracted to her, I hold her in kind of a grip
that's more like lovemaking:  I give a real firm palm in the small of
her back.  If I don't get resistance, something may be cooking.

The lights were all green with one lady, whose name I eventually learned
was Margo.  In some ways Margo wasn't my typical lady:  she had a huge
head of hair, and huge glasses, and generally had a kind of "loud"
personality and appearance.  But what a body!  She had large earth-mother
breasts that were not hidden by the dress she was wearing.  She had
a nice waist the contours of which I loved feeling as we danced.  Though
there's only so much of a "feel" you can cop and still be polite, my
hand could tell that that waist flared out in the most sensual way to
a quite generously-sized ass.  From that feel, and my many glances down
while we were together, or when her back was to me, I extrapolated what
her whole body must look like, and it was spectacular.  Spectacularly
generous in proportion, without being fat.  Actually, I'll be honest,
she was maybe a bit more filled out than she needed to be; but, call
me weird, that often turns me on a little more.

"We have the same glasses frames," I said.  It was true, they were
nearly identical.

"You're right, we do!!" she gushed with more than a little enthusiasm.

And on that basis we got a conversation rolling; it was inane, making
stupid small talk about glasses frames for several minutes, but there
was a subtext.  We were locking eyes, estimating each other sexually,
and the heat was rising.  I was invited to come to her house, and in fact,
why not stay?  Now, I was a guest of some old friends there, funnily enough,
a former girlfriend of mine and her current SO, so I had to
let it be known that I was going to be "taken care of" by my new
friend Margo.  Boy did their eyes roll.  Laura, my former girlfriend,
made a crack when Margo wasn't around about Margo looking quite a lot
like a recent girlfriend of mine, and I knew what she meant:  that
big ass.  I knew that Laura and Daniel were sizing up Margo personally
(clearly not my type) and thought me and my "preferences" were a
little kinky.  At the time I was a little embarrassed, but in time I
discovered that the wide-hipped woman was my personal "archetype," and
discovering this made it a lot easier for me to find really compatible
girlfriends.  I might add that Laura was the last girlfriend i had who
didn't have a big butt!

It was a long drive to her apartment, and although we didn't actually
verbalize that we wanted to fuck, we were caressing each others thighs.
At the apartment, I let her walk upstairs ahead of me.  Oh, that
beautiful ass, moving side to side!  Umpteen fantasies raced through
my mind.  Pulling her underwear down right there and doing her from
behind.  Sitting her down on the stairs and eating her pussy.  Fucking
her in the ass as her legs straddled three different levels on the 
stairs and she steadied herself with the handrails.  Yeah, right...she was 
asking me if I wanted a cup of tea as I was thinking this.  There was a 
whole lot of foreplay to come first.

And lots of little information-sharing.  What music we liked.  What
we studied at school.  She showed me how she was translating medieval
English, and the tape she made of one particular Irish tune played by
all sorts of bands.  Then she offered me a foot massage with some
special massage oils.  During this I reached over and gave her a
passionate kiss.  A little later she got up to get some tea, and
I followed her to the kitchen.  There I embraced her standing up,
and we kissed some more.  And at last I put both my hands on the
prize that I couldn't stop thinking about, that large, round ass.
It was so firm as I explored the way it rose as two mounds from
the bottom of her back, the way it curved in to where it joined
her thighs, and the "cleavage" that her two buttocks formed.
Meanwhile her large breasts were spilling onto my chest, and it
was heaven.

We headed to bed, but Margo was getting a little funny about the
issue of sex.  She thought it would be a good idea just to sleep
together, and I was dying inside.  But what she said and what she
wanted appeared to be two things.  In bed I kept trying to sneak
my hand under her nightie, and she repelled me...but as soon as I
moved my hand away she gave this whimper of desire suggesting that
she wanted my hand.  This oscillation got more and more manic as
it led to me fingering her pussy, and her being alternately
discouraging and encouraging.  Like I said, she wasn't quite my type,
and it was a little weird, but this "devil made me do it" drama was
getting kind of exciting!  By the time she spread her legs and let
me get on top and inside of her, she was actually crying tears. 
The cries led to moans, REALLY LOUD moans on each of my thrusts.
Soon I maneauvered her to be on top, and those large grapefruit breasts
hungs over my face.  Speaking of crying, I felt a bit the baby myself
as sucked and sucked on those nipples.  After some time of this, I gave
the hint that I wanted to go into the position I'd been dreaming about
when I first laid eyes on her.

When she got the message, she crossed the line into utter abandon and
wildness.  What she did then I've recalled to memory night after night
ever since then, as my own sensual lullaby before I fall asleep.  She
got on her knees and thrust her buttocks really high in the air, and
arched her back as far as she could go.  Her head was buried in the
pillows, and she was pushed all the way up to the head board of the bed.
She got in this position so quick, that in the time it took me to get
behind her, she was already quivering from head to toe and making sounds
like she couldn't wait any longer...with a bit of the sob still in
her moaning voice from when she was crying.  I was out of control myself.
Those two giant globes, so big...I was overwhelmed.  I entered her and
tried to keep from coming right away, so I went slowly.  Eventually I
got my cum-muscles under control and proceeded to heavy thrusts, as my
hands wandered all over those wonderful spheres of hers, up so high in
the air they were up against my chest.  Eventually my groans joined hers
(not as loud, though), and I came, and I came huge.  I shot myself dry,
getting that feeling that the cum-muscles kept pumping until every last
trace of cum was sucked out of my body.  Oh, it was great...

Afterward, everything was great...the crying didn't seem to mean much,
she had no regrets or anything.  Margo was a little strange, but strange
in the good way that made me return to that part of the state some
months later, where we met at the dance again, Laura and Daniel watched
us go home with the same smirk as before, and the sex wasn't quite as
good, but it was still wild.  A third time we met, I was involved with
another lady (guess what her body was like), and it no longer seemed
comfortable with Margo (which was a shame because she really had her
heart set on a third time together).  Maybe that was a mistake, because
I never saw Margo again, and I'm not sure where she lives now.  But that
one night is up there among the three greatest sexual experiences of my
life!

--
