 Marion was still sore in the anal region and was bent over the edge of her
bed wondering how soon the rest period would come to an end. She thought 
with a wry smile that it might well come to her end , again. She had been 
fucked, fisted and flogged in the past few days and she was uncertain if she
could take much more of this behavior without more sexual pleasure and less
outright pain.
 " Marion , we are going to let you get off the bed and walk around or go
to the toilet if you need to." Don advised her.
 She got up and entered her bathroom and sat on the commode for a moment, the
feeling had been that she needed to empty her bladder and perhaps her bowel.
She soon found that the latter was just the result of having the entire hand 
up her backside and not actually because of the need to evacuate her bowel.
 She stood and went to the sink and washed her hands and returned to the 
bedroom where Lyle and Don awaited her.
 "We are going to fuck you at the same time. Lyle likes to assfuck and I'll
go into your pussy. I'll get on the bed and you can get on top  of me and 
lower yourself onto my cock. After you have me up your pussy Lyle will get 
on the bed and he'll get up your ass." Don mapped out the next events for her.
 Marion was about to tell the two men to pack it up and get the hell out of
her apartment when she realized that the instructions were in keeping with 
what she had agreed to as serving as slave to the men that Don introduced her
to. She  didn't want to give up entirely the contact with the men and felt 
obliged to go along with the dual fucking as planned.
 She was sure that if her ass was not too sore that it might even be somewhat
pleasurable as she had not been taken in both lower openings at the same time
as far as she was aware. She had taken two men orally and vaginally at the 
same time but never one in the cunt and another in the ass.
 Don got onto the bed after taking off all of his clothes and stretched out
on his back. His penis began to erect as he looked at Marion standing beside
the bed, her naked vulva giving her the look of an untouched girl. She climbed
up on the bed and straddled Don as he lay on the bed his erection now full.
 She pulled the lips of her vulva apart as she slowly lowered herself to
the glans of Don's shaft. The smooth acorn shaped tip of his penis felt very
inviting as she sank a little onto the organ. She lifted herself and lowered
slowly until she began to lubricate enough to allow the entire penis to enter
her.
 She leaned forward, her breasts touching Don's  chest as she let the weight
of her torso fall on him.
 The position, her chest on his and her legs spread to each side of his hips
left the cheeks of the buttocks gaping and the anus exposed to the air and to
the gaze of Lyle.
 Lyle looked at the coupled pair and as he took off his clothes he too became
fully  erect. He mounted the bed and took up his place behind Marion. He noted
that as she raised and lowered herself, that Don's cock was moist and 
glistening. He put his hand to Marion's vagina and wet his exploring fingers
and then spread the moisture onto the glans of his penis and to the brown ring
of Marion's  exposed anus. He continued to spread moisture over the inviting
dimpled circle and then inserted the tip of his index finger to assure that 
the anal canal was going to allow him entry without too much difficulty.
 Marion was pumping at a furious rate, breathing rapidly and in a shallow 
manner, well on the way to  orgasm. She sucked in a very deep breath as she
felt Lyle's hardness in her bottom. She was sure that the two men could feel
the presence of each other through the thin wall of tissue separating the two 
cocks.
 She felt a level of arousal that had not been her experience in the past, 
and she was moaning in pleasure at a decibel level that would have rivaled
a rock group.
 Don and Lyle were making their own contributions to the noise level with
various groans, appeals to various dieties and to their mothers.
 The writhing threesome carried on the dual intercourse for several minutes
until there was no holding back nature. With strong contractions of the 
various muscles and glands Don came inside the warm wetness of Marion's 
vagina. Seconds later a similar response filled her rectum with the warm
outpouring of Lyle.
 The  two men stayed inside until the limpness of their pricks would no longer
allow retention in the cavity that had so recently given such friction to the
thrusting organ. As Lyle came out of the anal opening, Marion was free to move
from her position athwart Don.
 The men told Marion to rest if she wished while they took showers to cleanse 
the sweat of the exercise from their bodies.
 Marion asked to be allowed to shower before either of the men and was quite
surprised to get an affirmative answer.
 She was only a short time in the warm shower, rinsing some of the remnants
of the recent action from herself.
 She stepped out of the shower to find Don and Lyle standing at the bathroom
door, their cocks hanging down in the limp posture of post intercourse.
 "While Lyle has his shower, I'll have some things for you to do Marion." Don
said in a soft voice. " Let's go back to the bed and have you on your back for
starters." he added.
 Marion was unsure what was to happen next as she stretched out at full length
on her back.
 " Pull your legs up to your chest and grab your ankles. I'm going to put
a bar between your knees to keep them as far apart as possible." Don said as 
he left the room for a moment.
 He returned with a broom from the kitchen  and placed the handle between 
Marion's legs. He then  took some of her panty hose from the drawer of her
dresser and used them as rope to tie her ankles and wrists together and to
anchor the broom handle to her knees. The finished job had Marion trussed in
an extremely revealing position. With the broom handle keeping her legs apart
and the knees flexed to her abdomen, her vagina was open to the inspection
of both Lyle and Don and below the shaven pussy was the still partially 
opened anus. Both aperatures were moist from the semen still oozing from
them and glistened in the light from the ceiling fixture.
 " Here is something to keep you from feeling empty Marion," said Don as he
placed a very large dildo in her vagina, " and Lyle has something to occupy
his favorite hole as well."
 Marion was certain that another dildo was going to be inserted into her
anus and she tensed in expectation, and was suddenly sore as the hard plastic
thrust through the tightly shut ring into her rectum. She was once again 
filled in both lower openings and she was more than a little embarrassed to
be so widely open and exposed to the stares of the men who now stood at the 
sides of the bed and admired the bound and plugged young woman.
 " The picture needs something to complete it ." mused Don as he looked at
the scene. " I know, it needs something on the tits even though they are 
nearly out of the picture because of the bent knees and the arms at the side
of the chest." he added and he left the room to return with a pair of nipple 
clamps in his hands.
 " These should do the   trick Lyle, I will just stick them on her and she'll
be done as well as can be." Don predicted as he fastened the clamps to each
of her nipples. 
 Marion let out a soft cry at the touch of the first clamp to her right breast
and a louder cry as the stiff spring of the clamp contracted on her left.
 Lyle looked at the results and thought that there was still some room for
improvement in the tableau. He too went out of the room and came back with
a black rubber ball gag, which he deftly pressed into Marion's mouth and 
fastened the strap behind her head to hold the ball tightly between her lips.
 Both men  pushed on the dildos and then pulled them almost out, repeating the
movements several times with each. Marion was moaning, and seemed to be 
some attempt to say something, but was totally unable with the ball in her
mouth.
 Don and Lyle found the increased moaning and the accompanying shaking of the
head as she tried to speak, quite amusing and kept the dildos moving to keep
things going for several minutes.
 They decided that the time to end the scene was near and they removed the
dildos at the same time and before Marion was able to show any reaction they
took out the  gag.
 " That was very cruel, to excite me with the two dildos and to keep me from
saying anything with that awful gag." Marion said with some considerable
feeling. 
 " It was meant to be cruel Marion, that was the purpose of us coming to
your apartment. We were not aiming to please you but rather to please us,
and it pleased us to do those things." Don told her as he and Lyle moved to
the door and readied themselves to depart.
Dbiang 
