 Marion stood looking at the seat of the swing. It was different from any
swing seat that she had ever seen. The seat was padded and covered with what
looked like velvet in a dark maroon color. The seat looked almost inviting to
her but in some way foreboding.
 " Place yourself over the seat, resting your abdomen on the seat, and reach
down and grab your ankles." she was told.
 Marion leaned forward and placed her belly on the seat, her belly button 
marking about the center of the soft padded seat. She reached down and to
the back grabbing her ankles, her body forming a rounded V and the posture
accentuating the curves of the bottom. She saw Don approaching her from the
rear, and was amused to watch him upside down in her vision. She saw a small
length of cord in his hand and wondered what it was for, guessing that she was
about to be bound in some way.
 She was correct in this speculation, the cord was wound around her wrists and
ankles and tied securely.
 She was beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable with the blood running to her
head from the upside down position. She was in a few minutes to regard this 
small discomfort as a most desirable feeling.
 " You should have kept the water inside your bladder until we told you to
relieve your self Marion. The same goes for the water in your bowel. You
didn't do it so now you pay the price." Don said as he finished the knots in
the cord.
 She could see movement behind Don and soon saw two pair of legs approaching
and as they got  closer to her swing, she could see that one pair belonged to
Lyle, the other to one of the men she had no name for.
 She looked at the upside down scene and shook in fear, when she sighted in 
the hands of one, a large, fraternity paddle.
 " We are going to give you a swing Marion, only instead of pushing you we 
will get you going by smacking your ass with the paddle. " Lyle told her, she
thought, with some smirking humor.
 She could hear the whistle of the paddle as it moved toward her naked ass at
high speed and she felt the extreme heat of its impact at the same time she 
felt tremendous pain. The impact of the blow caused her to swing slightly 
forward and as the swing reversed direction and she moved back, another blow
landed on her bottom sending the swing again in a forward direction.
 The timing and strength of the blows were such that in seconds she was 
swinging in a large arc, as large almost as if they had pushed her  in the 
normal way. Her swinging was accompanied by her loud cries as the pain of the
paddling was increasing in proportion to the amplitude of the swinging motion.
 The men standing at her back, were watching her swinging and also the 
alternate squeezing and relaxing of her buttocks giving one moment a thin line
and at the next a gaping valley revealing her anus and her now naked vulva.
 The beating ceased and she was left to swing to and fro, until the laws of 
physics brought the swing to rest. Her bottom cheeks were sore and hot for 
quite a while after the punishment stopped and she cried quietly as she hung
over the stilled seat.
 She saw Lyle upside down standing at her back and felt his hands on the cord
holding her wrists and ankles together. He undid the knot and she was invited
to stand up. She found that her legs were just a bit unsteady after such a 
time in her bent over posture. As she stood, she grabbed one of the swing 
ropes for support and held it until the unsteadiness left.
 " That should teach you to obey us Marion, we will give you a rest for the
time being. Perhaps you would like to have a short swim in the lake?" Don 
invited.
 She walked down the stairs to the boat level of the building and stood on 
the deck looking at the water and thinking of the cooling effect of a swim.
Her musing was short lived and she suddenly was flying through the air to land
in a loud belly flop on the surface of the water.
 " See how the water is Marion, " said Don, having given her a strong push, 
" it was time you got wet."
 Marion took a #few strong strokes out from the dock and did a graceful surface
dive, her round and wet buttocks breaking the still surface of the lake as her
legs followed the cheeks under the water.
 She came up blowing the air from her lungs in a brief imitation of a walrus
or whale and she swam slowly back to the dock. She saw Don, Lyle and the two 
other men dive in and swim out to meet her. She suddenly felt herself pulled
under the water by strong arms and she stayed limp for a moment, thrashing
the water as her need for air got increasingly urgent.
 Just as she was sure she would have to take in water she found herself able
to get her head into the air and suck in a deep breath, but before she could
fill her lungs to capacity, she again was yanked downward into the cool water
where hands grabbed at her breasts and between her legs.
 She twisted and turned to avoid the grasps, using up more oxygen in the 
process, leading to more panic at the thought of not being able to get air.
 Once again at the very last moment she was allowed to stick her head above 
water and gasp in a lungfull.
 She realized that this was becoming a game with overtones of the same kind
of sadism that she had experienced on the table or over the swing. She was
being subjected to discomfort and sexual stimulation simultaneously, and she
was unsure which she found the most exciting or which she found most painful.
 As she was again pulled down under the water, Lyle swam in front of her and
reached down to place his hand on her crotch. She felt the push of his finger
into her vagina and then out and then into her anus and out. She was getting
ready to surface for more breath and she found herself held under by a thumb
inserted in her asshole and a finger into her vagina. She knew it wasn't Lyle
because he was still in front of her and she could see both of his hands.
 She partly turned her head and saw the shadowy figure of Don at her back and
she wriggled her lower body to indicate to him that she was ready to get back
to the surface. She found that he pulled down strongly and that she was not 
going to get to the surface in time to get her breath. She wriggled and 
squirmed but the fingers in her lower openings held fast.
 She felt the fire in her chest indicating the lack of oxygen and she saw
the world turn first a red then a fading grey.
 " Turn her over and let the water run out of her. " she heard faintly and 
then more loudly as color returned to her vision.
 She realized that she was on the dock, her body face down and that Don, Lyle
and the others were standing or kneeling beside her.
 " Make sure that she is breathing regularly." she heard in a normal volume.
 " Marion you passed out under water and we had to pull you out and give some
mouth to mouth resuscitation." Don said in a matter of fact manner.
 " We think that we'll stop the games for the time being and let you get 
dressed. You have no panties on so that if any of the members want
to see or feel your cunt or ass they can reach under your skirt." he went on.
 " On second thought, don't put on a  bra either so if anyone wants to see,
suck or pinch tit they can get at them without any delay." Lyle added.
 Marion found herself coughing and spluttering as she sat up on the wooden 
dock and she felt just a bit dizzy as she stood. She went up to the main 
cottage and found her skirt and blouse. She pulled the skirt on and welcomed
the warmth of the wool. She slipped her arms into the blouse and buttoned it
part way, leaving the upper buttons undone so that her breasts were on display
and available to any of the men.
 She went out of the bedroom and found all six of the men present. Don and 
Lyle had remained in their skant bathing suits. Lyle had put his on after the
session in the boathouse. The other four men were now in casual clothes and
all had drinks in their hands.
 " Come here and have something to drink Marion, " one of the unknown men said
" it will help you  get your breath back, or maybe take it away again." 
 The others chuckled at this remark, obviously aimed at being funny.
 Marion joined the group for a gin and tonic and was pleased when Don 
announced that they would be heading back into the city as soon as he and
Lyle got dressed.
 She was also pleased to be told by the four men whose names she had not 
heard, that she was one of the best slaves they had seen in some time.
 The praise made #some of the agony and fright seem worthwhile. She slept all
the way back to the city and had to  be awakened by Don when they reached her
place. She said goodnight and went in to her apartment, undressed and got into
her bed for a few hours sleep.

Dbiang
