 Marion knelt on the porch still holding both hands over her aching
crotch. The pain was ebbing and she felt her strength recovering.
 " Get up slave or we'll hit your cunt again." an angry voice demanded of her
and again, " up right now or you get the wet towel snapped at your snapper." 
the same voice repeated the threat.
 Marion stood up and for the first little while she kept her hands covering 
thin black line of hair that marked her vulvar crease.
 " Take your hands away from your pussy slave, we like to see the cracks of
our women on display. " and to emphasize the command a sharp slap landed on
her buttocks. She quickly moved her hands to a position at her sides.
 " Lets go down to the boat house and have a look at what we could do there."
one of the men suggested and Don, Lyle and two of the others led Marion off of
the  porch and down a short path to a two level boat house. The slips for the
boats were on the water level and what looked like a guest apartment was on
the second floor.
 " Go up the stairs Marion and we'll be right behind you. In fact it is a 
real pleasure to follow you upstairs and watch your bottom cheeks move up and
down as you climb, it also gives a great view of your crotch." Don said as he
prepared to follow directly behind her.
 The second floor was indeed a guest area, but not quite what Marion had
expected. 
 In the middle of a large room was a table with restraining ropes at each 
corner and a piece of the middle cut out to leave a circular opening at 
not quite the center of the table. At one end were stirrups like one saw on
the examining tables in the doctor's office.
 Marion felt a bit frightened at the sight and was unsure what the implication
might be, but was vaguely aware that it would be in some way uncomfortable.
 Hanging from the ceiling was a wooden swing seat , suspended by two lengths 
of rope and set off to one side of the table. On the other side of the table
was a single rope with a leather strap attached to it, the exact purpose or
use, foreign to Marion's experience.
 She  was not to wait long for some knowledge of what the different things
were for, as she was told " Go to the rope hanging from the ceiling Marion
and hold on to it.One of us will fasten the strap around your wrists so that
you can't move from the rope."
 Marion was afraid not to follow the orders and she walked over to the rope
and reached up to grasp it with both hands. It was a bit higher than she had
at first estimated and she had to get up on her toes to grab the rope. She
held on tightly as Don, Lyle and one of the others fastened the leather strap
around her wrists. She then felt herself lifted about three inches as the 
rope was pulled toward the ceiling. She felt her leg muscles almost cramp at
the strain of standing on her absolute tip-toes. She attempted to relieve 
some of the discomfort by letting her arms hold all her weight, but soon 
found that this was just as uncomfortable.
  " This should warm you up a little Marion, at least it will warm your butt."
she heard as the words were closely followed by a series of smacks delivered 
to the naked cheeks by what she was sure was a ping-pong paddle. The blows
fell on each cheek in sequence and in a predictable rhythm of left, right 
center, left, right center.
 She yelled and cried out and danced up and down from toe to toe and then
to hanging from her wrists as she tried to rest her leg muscles.
 The paddling lasted about five minutes and she was screaming for them to stop
by the time the first minute had ended.
 When the final smack had landed and she was aware that it had, for the time
being stopped, she hung from the rope and wept, letting her feet touch the 
floor and sharing the burden between the wrists and her screaming legs.
 She thought that hours had passed, rather than the few minutes since the ass
paddling had stopped. The time seemed much longer because of the pains in her
ass and legs and arms, tiring from the hanging position she maintained.
 Just as she was sure she wouldn't last another  second, Lyle lowered the rope
and she was able to stand with her feet solidly on the floor. The relief was
fantastic, and immediately she had no pain in the legs or arms and the only
discomfort was in her butt.
 " Move over to the table Marion, and get up on it, stay on your back for the
time being." Don instructed her.
 The rope attached to her wrists was undone and she walked the short distance
to the table and with her back to it placed her hands on the edge and lifted
herself onto it. She wriggled until she felt the circular opening under her
buttocks and then relaxed, sure that further instructions would follow.
  " Place your legs in the stirrups ." Don said and she obeyed almost at 
once.
 The cold metal of the stirrups was uncomfortable to the backs of her knees
and the sensation sent shivers through her body.
 She felt the stirrups move and her legs parting widely until she felt
she was as exposed as she possibly could be.
 Don approached the foot of the table and Marion was sure he carried a dildo
in one hand and something similar in the other.
 " These will keep you occupied for now until we wish to fill you with some
other objects." she was told.
 The words were accompanied by fingers at her vaginal opening, rubbing and 
stroking her clitoris, arousing her quickly and leading to moisture at the 
aperature. As  soon as she was seen to moisten, the dildo was thrust into her
vagina and she then felt something pressing at her anus and entering her lower
bowel to fill her rectum. She felt her anal ring tighten around a hard  
circular object and she realized that a butt plug had been inserted.
 Lyle suddenly climbed up on the table and straddled her chest. She looked
at him and saw that he was not only stark naked but that he had a firm looking
hard-on. He slid up on the table so that his penis was at her mouth and 
pressed it to the lips and into her mouth and  down her throat to the point
that she was sure she would choke.
 The dildo in her vagina was in fact a vibrator as was the plug in her butt
and as Lyle began to pump his cock into her mouth and throat the two vibrators
were turned on.
 She was aware of erotic sensations from three openings at once and she was
in spite of herself mounting in pleasurable feelings. To assure that she was
brought off properly, Don was rubbing her clitoris as the mechanical stimulat-
ors did their jobs. Marion was at the point of yelling at her orgasm when Lyle
ejaculated into her throat and she found herself choking on the come that 
filled her to overflowing. Lyle withdrew his cock and Marion was able to cough
and spit until she could breathe more comfortably, and her breathing was  
rapid in response to her orgasm, induced by the two vibrators and the constant
rubbing of her clit.
 Marion looked up at Lyle, who sat straddling her chest, his now soft cock
hanging down limply between her breasts. He was smiling in satisfaction and
she looked around him to see Don who was between her legs his hand just out
of her line of vision but she was sure it was just at her vaginal lips, the
stimulation of her clit now over.
 The vibrators were slowly pulled out, first the anal plug, which exited with
some pain as the sphincter was dilated to allow it to leave, and with a pop
as it left completely. Then the vaginally placed dildo was pulled out and it
came out easily, its leaving made easy by the copious moisture produced by 
her orgasm.
 No sooner had the dildo been taken out than she felt it replaced by what she
was sure was the real thing. As she looked down the table to her wide spread
legs she saw Don, his erect penis in his hand, placing the head of it at her
opening and she felt him enter to the hilt. She was sure that he had entered 
as deeply as possible when she felt his pubic hair brush against her vulvar
lips.
 She was quick to rouse toward orgasm again, with the pumping action of Don 
and the feeling of his organ thrusting into her depths and then withdrawing
to the point of leaving, only to plunge again into her vagina.
 He came with a yell of satisfaction and she allowed herself a soft moan of
pleasure at the completion of the fuck.
 She was again empty of objects, real or artificial and as she lay on the 
table the stirrups were moved so that her legs came together, allowing some
slight degree of relative modesty. 
 Lyle came to the foot of the table and helped her to remove her legs from
the stirrups and she was aware how relaxing it felt to have her legs flat on
the table for a change.
 " You can have a brief rest slave ." she heard Don say and she breathed 
a sigh of relief at the announcement.





