 Marion slept for about ten hours and was still in bed somewhat groggy when 
the phone rang. She let it ring several times and then picked up the receiver
and said, " Hello." 
 " Take down your pajama pants and stroke your clitoris, keep the phone at 
your mouth so I can hear the start of your heavy breathing." the voice said, 
and Marion was so surprised at the content of the conversation that she was
staring at the phone and not moving. 
 " You aren't doing what I told you to Marion, that could cause you much pain
later in the day. " the voice went on. 
 " Who is this ?" Marion demanded of the voice on the other end of the line.
 " I am the one telling you to take your pants down and stroke your clit." she
was told. This time she was almost certain that it was either Lyle or one of 
other men who had been at the lake yesterday.
 " Do it or the  next time we meet, your ass will be mince meat by the time I
finish with it." the voice threatened.
 By this time Marion was wide awake and listening to the demands of the voice
and considering whether or not to take the threats seriously.
 She decided on the side of serious and  reached down under the covers and 
pulled the pants of her pajamas to her knees. She held the phone in her left
hand and with her right, slid it over the soft mound of flesh where the hair 
had been before the shave of the other day. She pinched the lips to give 
herself some sensations of pain. She felt that the pleasure to follow would 
be enhanced by the initial discomfort.
 She slid the hand over her vulva and with the middle finger found the small
mound that indicated her clitoris. She lightly stroked the sensitive flesh
and felt the growth in size as she stimulated it. In spite of herself she was
beginning to breathe in a deeper and somewhat faster manner. She continued 
masturbating and let her feelings go as the uphill surge to orgasm took over.
 " That sounds great Marion" she heard over the phone as she writhed and 
bucked with the orgastic finale.
 " Now get out of bed and pull your pants right off, then stand beside the bed
naked from the waist down." the voice continued.
 " I can just imagine the pert buttocks and the bared pussy sticking out in
front. Put a finger up your asshole Marion and tell me when it is in place." 
she was shocked to hear.
 " Do it at once or it too will leave your ass in jeopardy when we next meet."
the voice barked at her.
 She thought it was strange to have this kind of command given when there was 
no one to see if she actually did as she was told. She looked down and saw the
soft curve of her abdomen and below the slightly parted lips of the shaven 
vulva. She was considering whether or not to comply with the instructions, and
decided to go along with the voice all the way.
 She took the index finger of her right hand and put it into her mouth to get
it wet. She then took the now moistened finger and put her hand behind her.
 She bent slightly and parted her legs and touched the finger to her anus.
The sensation of something at the tender opening was enough to cause the ring
of muscle to pucker tightly. She gently pushed with the tip of the finger and
slowly entered herself. She held the phone in her left hand and the sound of
her indrawn breath was easily heard by the listener.
 " That's a good girl Marion, now pump the finger in and out of your ass, just
as though you were taking an ass fuck!" the voice said firmly.
 Marion pulled the finger to the point where it was just about exiting the 
ring and then plunged it back in to the full length. She felt her excitement 
rising and was sure that this anal masturbation would give her an orgasm if
she continued for many minutes. Her rapid breathing was an excellent barometer
of sexual arousal and the phone conveyed this with fidelity.
 " Marion, you don't want to come with a finger up your bum do you?" the voice
asked with a hint of humor. " Stop now and you may go and wash your hand." it
went on, " and then get completely naked and come back to the phone."
 She left the bedside and walked to the bathroom, where she washed her hands 
and looked into the mirror, seeing herself with the top of her pajamas and 
naked  from the waist down. She undid the buttons of the pajama top and took
it off. Her breasts responded to the sudden exposure by a slight hardening of
the nipples. She walked back to the  bedside and picked up the phone.
 " Are you  completely naked now ? " she was asked.
 " Yes, I'm at the side of the bed with absolutely nothing on, just as you 
told me to do." she answered.
"Wait for a few minutes after you hang up the phone  and then expect some
visitors at your door, when you hear three fast knocks and a pause then two
fast knocks open the door and let your company in." she heard the voice order.
 She was not entirely certain she believed the voice and she stood beside the
bed with the phone in her hand for perhaps two minutes before she hung up the
receiver. She was almost ready to go to the closet and pick out some clothes 
for the day, but she remained naked as the voice had demanded.
 Three rapid knocks were heard and then a slight pause and two more. Her 
heart beat more rapidly and she left the bedroom and walked to the door.
 She opened it without hesitation at least without noticeable hesitation, she
was quite frightened at the thought of the unknown person or persons who might
be on the other side, but she opened the door as she had been ordered.
 " Hello Marion, you look good naked, just a bit flushed in the cheeks from
all that work on your asshole. We'll go directly to the bedroom and get ready
for some real action on that orifice." Don said as he and Lyle entered the 
apartment.
 Marion was sure it had not been Don's voice and she was almost certain it was
not Lyle's she had heard either.
 " You don't know who was on the phone do you? " Don asked , " it was  neither
Lyle or myself but you would have recognized his face if he had been able to
come with us." he added.
 They walked to the bedroom with Marion leading the way. Lyle was particularly
interested in looking at the smoothly moving cheeks of Marion's buttocks as 
she walked the short distance to the bedroom. The gently rolling flesh was
very inviting to one of Lyle's particular interests. Indeed it was all he 
could do to keep from grabbing the cheeks and pulling them apart to expose
the anal area to his gaze, but he reminded himself that she was going to be
entirely at his disposal in only a moment or two.
 " Bend over the edge of the bed Marion, then reach back and open your ass
cheeks for us." Don said in a menacing tone.
 Marion knelt by the bed and leaned forward to rest her upper torso on the
soft covers. When she was comfortable she reached behind herself with a hand
on each buttock and pulled apart the muscular mounds.
 She wondered what the next move was to be and was not the least surprised to
feel something at her anus. She looked back over her shoulder and saw Lyle
kneeling and leaning to place his tongue at her anus. She shivered at the 
thought of having such an intimate contact with anyone and she pulled at the
cheeks to make more of her anus available to his searching tongue. 
 Just as she was thinking how nice the tonguing was feeling she felt his 
finger at the opening and then she felt the firm digit enter her. She moaned
partly out of pleasure and partly from the discomfort and drew in her breath 
sharply when she felt him press a second finger into the slightly stretched 
anus. She became more alarmed as the third finger entered and then moaned very
loudly as the fingers spread to dilate her hole considerably.
 She heard some sort of moving and was curious as to the source of the sound
almost a scratching. She couldn't resist a look and again turned to look over
her shoulder. She saw Lyle and noted that he had opened a tube of some sort
and was spreading a clear jelly-like substance over the entire right hand.
 She again felt something at her rear aperature and then felt the pain of a 
widely stretched anus as he inserted his entire hand into her lower bowel.
 She was almost ready to scream from the pain and when he began to move the
fingers in a rhythmic manner she felt more of an erotic stimulation than of 
pure pain.
 She recognized that she was being "fisted" , something that she had read
about in regard to the activities of homosexuals, but had not realized was at
any time part of the repertoire of heterosexuals.
 Marion decided that this was not going to be one of her favorite ways to
get off. She felt more like emptying her bowels than of going on to orgasm
and she was greatly relieved when Lyle pulled his hand from her. The relief
was after the pain of the exit had subsided.
 " Marion that was just to warm you up for some more interesting activity
but for now keep your upper body on the bed. Lyle and I are going to take 
a short rest and will just watch you for a few minutes." Don announced.

 Dbiang
