 The night was just beginning and Marion had come to the house that
Don had ordered her to get to.
 " Be there by seven and don't dare be late, and when you get inside go
to the second floor and go into the bedroom. Take your panties off and 
your bra if you're wearing one, keep your skirt on and put your blouse 
back on after you take the bra off." he had said in a tone of command.
 Marion looked carefully at the number on the door and was happy to see
77 staring back at her. She imagined that the number would be doubly  lucky
for her.
 She reached the knob and found the door unlocked, just as Don had said it
would be. She pushed it open and went in to  the dimly lit hall. She saw the
stairs and climbed up them wondering at each step what would happen to her.
 She got to the top and looked for the light that Don said would be on in 
the room she was to use.
 The room was nicely furnished, French Provincial she thought as she placed
her coat on the bed. She noted the full length mirror on the back of the door.
She  reached up under her skirt and pulled on the elastic of her panties, 
stretching the waistband and drawing the fabric down over her buttocks and
thighs, letting the panties fall to her ankles. She  stepped out of them 
leaving a pool of soft white cloth on the carpet. She unbuttoned the blouse
and took it off, then opened the catch of her bra strap and removed the thin
band from her breasts. She turned to look at her reflection in the mirror
and was pleased to see that her  breasts were firm and full, with no sagging
and with  prominent nipples standing out from the aureolae like miniature
cocks.
 As she had been instructed, she put the blouse back on and waited for the 
next orders to  come. As she stood waiting she   put her hand under the
skirt and rubbed the  crisp hairs of her pussy allowing her long fingers 
to slip in between the  lips of the  damp  opening.
 Suddenly a voice,slightly metallic in quality , said " You may now come
down the stairs to the living room, come right in and go over to the chair
you will find in front of the fireplace."  
 She looked around and saw the small speaker attached to the  wall and she
was sure that it was part of the intercom system of the house.
 " When you reach the chair lift your skirt and bend over the back of the 
chair placing your hands on the seat." the voice went on.
 Marion  walked down the staircase and guessed the  room to her right was
likely the living room. On reaching the bottom step she  saw the room door
open and she also saw that except for a bright spot light on the chair at 
the opposite end of the room, the room was in darkness. She was however sure
that she could see the vague outlines of a number of bodies in a circular 
arrangement with the chair just off center.
 She   entered the room, and  a shiver came over her as she passed the
shadowy figures on her way to the  brightly lit straight backed chair.
 She stopped a foot or two from the  chair and put her hands behind her,
grabbing at the hem of her grey wool skirt and lifting her hands to well
above waist level. In almost the same movement she  bent her torso over the
chair and gave a little flip to the wool. The combination of her action
and gravity left the wool resting on the middle of her back, the cream
color of her naked bottom was brushed by the  cool air of the room.
 She felt someone or something come close to her exposed buttocks and she
involuntarily clenched the cheeks of her shapely behind tightly together.
 " Do not tighten the muscles of your bum my dear, it makes it harder to
get at the rear opening." said a low menacing voice. With the words she
felt a hand on each cheek and felt the strong thumbs near the crevice.
 The next feeling was one of being opened, as the hands drew apart and 
the cheeks spread widely. She felt the anus  open and was sure that if
she  was opened any further she would lose all control over her bowel.
 She felt one of the hands let go and then felt a finger touch the center
of her anus. She  again clenched her cheeks in a reflex move. The finger
became more insistent and  probed into the tightened ring.
 " I said do not clench your ass muscles and I meant it my dear." the voice
barked, and the words this time were accompanied by a sharp slap to her left
buttock cheek.
 The slap was the sound, the sensation was more like she had suddenly sat in
a tub of scalding water. Heat, of an unbearable nature shot through her only 
to be followed by a similar sensation on the right side.
 The hands again spread her cheeks and something larger and in some ways 
softer than a  finger touched her rear opening. She then felt as though she
was passing a large stool, only in the opposite direction. She realized that
a penis had penetrated her lower bowel and  she  groaned in discomfort as it
drove upwards toward her belly button. Finally she felt the  touch of an 
abdomen on her bottom and knew that she had been impailed by the full length
of this organ.
 Before she was able to think another thought  a sensation like that of
receiving a warm enema filled her. The penis had discharged its full load of
come into her and she felt the already softening cock begin to leave her.
There was a soft "pop" as it was withdrawn and she felt some dampness on her
cheeks next to the anus, knowing immediately that it was due to the semen 
now leaking from her.
 A wet warm towel was handed to her and she was invited to use it to cleanse
herself. She reached back and wiped her cheeks and anus and vulva and stayed
bent over the chair, awaiting instructions.
 "Stand up and remove your blouse Marion, show us your breasts." was the   
command from one of the men.
 Marion stood as ordered and took off the blouse as she had been told. She 
again remained in the same position for several moments, sure that someone
would tell her what to do next.
 No words came from the assembled men. Marion was fearful of what this might
mean and she was not too terribly surprised to feel some pressure on the
nipple of her right breast. At first, she thought that one of the men was
pinching her, until the pressure became very painful and she looked to see
a clamp hanging from the now erect nipple. Before she could register this 
completely she felt a similar pressure on the left and a second clamp hung
from her.
 She was conscious of movement and assumed correctly that the men were moving
closer to get a good look at the nipple clamps in position. She felt several 
hands caress her bottom and touch her sex as men moved by her.
 Being naked and in discomfort from the clamps was bad enough she thought but
to have not one word spoken for several minutes was making it worse.
 She surmised that the silence was meant to add to her discomfort and fear.
 " You may sit on the chair Marion." she was finally told, and she obeyed 
with no delay, hoping to gain some strength for the rest of what she was sure
was going to be a long night.
 " Open your mouth Marion, I wish to pay homage to you." a voice suggesting
humor said.
 She sat with her mouth open and felt the velvet firmness of what she knew to
be a penis, enter into her, pressing her tongue down as it thrust to the back
of her mouth.
 She tightened her lips around the shaft and felt the man start to move back
and forth as he began to fuck her orally. Once or twice she coughed as the 
head of the penis went to the very deepest and she feared that she would not
be able to get her breath.
 The speed of the rhythmic movements increased and she was sure she could 
feel the early signs of his coming, the twitching of the organ and the 
faster movements.
 Suddenly, her mouth was full to overflowing and some of the thick semen was 
filling her nose as well as her throat. She was even more greatly afraid that
she would strangle.
 She spluttered and coughed, drawing deep breaths as she was able. She was
aware of the soft laughter of the audience, who had found her predicament 
amusing. Indeed she heard some of them make a pun on the very word, stressing
the "dick" syllable.
 "You have done quite well for your first night as a slave Marion, we have a
small ritual that we ask all of our slaves to undergo and we'll get to that 
next. You may move from the chair to the carpet in front of it." a voice she
was certain belonged to Don said.
 "Once you are on  the  carpet stretch out on your back" a less friendly voice
ordered.
 She stood up and moved a foot or so in front of the chair and sat on the 
carpet, the deep pile feeling soft and comforting to  her naked backside.
 
 - to be continued
