				Maria
	

	I was 15 when I first laid eyes on Maria.  She was 14 years
old, 5' 4", 115 pounds, the youngest of six girls. Her build was
classic Italian: long dark hair, olive skin, medium bust, wide hips,
and a flat stomach... when it wasn't full, that is.  Maria had a
love affair with food that went beyond anything I had seen before
or have seen since.  Eating was a sexual experience for her, and I
know it was a sexual experience for me watching her gorge herself,
filling her stomach till it was stretched tight, then sighing
contentedly as she patted her swollen belly, pregnant with food, 
knowing that it was all inside of her.

	Maria's yard was the largest on the block and so all of the
neighborhood kids would come and play there.  Often, Maria's family 
would have a picnic, and of course everyone was invited.  It was at 
one of these picnics that I first observed Maria's incredible 
appetite.  I was a growing boy, and two hamburgers plus fries and a 
large helping of potato salad filled me right up.  Imagine my 
surprise when Maria, sitting across from me, downed two hamburgers 
before I was even through one, then went back for two more, and then, 
four hot dogs later, finally left the table to go lay down and revel 
in the mind-numbing pleasure of being stuffed to the gills!  I was 
extremely turned on by this barbaric display of wanton desire and 
fufillment and wished that it could be my hand that rubbed her taut, 
rounded belly and made her breath catch as waves of intense 
satisfaction rolled through her gorgeous body.

	You might wonder how Maria could get away with this eating 
habit of hers.  It was quite simple, actually, being from a large 
Italian family full of young women.  Her mother only made dinners 
of one size, large, and was upset if there were lots of leftovers.  
Maria's older sisters, now in high school or college, were starting 
to watch their weight and took smaller portions knowing that rich 
Italian food turned into large Italian hips and thighs.  Maria, still 
graced with a high metabolism and an uncontrollable lust for large 
amounts of food, became the household food disposal unit, her 
extremely elastic stomach always eager to filled, never satisfied for 
long.  She made a pledge to never let any of her mother's rich 
cooking go to waste.

	One evening my aunt hosted a spaghetti dinner for our family 
and friends and my cousin invited Maria to come.  The adults ate in 
one room and the ten kids ate in another room around a long wooden 
table.  We had a large pot of spaghetti, enough for at least three 
helpings for each of us, and several loaves of bread.  We dug in 
immediately.  Maria started eating and never let up.  Most of us got 
full about half way through seconds and went out to play.  But not 
Maria, who was finishing her fourth plate.  I had some idea of what 
she was going to do, and cautiously peeked in through the window, my 
erection building in my pants as Maria gazed at the food left on the 
table.  Waves of hot, expectant lust broke over her as she realized 
that fully half of the pot was left.  She unzipped her pants to free 
her swelling stomach and gorged herself on the remaining spaghetti 
and bread.  It was hard at first, her belly protesting at being 
filled beyond its already overdeveloped limits, but she pushed 
through and finished off the feast in a daze.  Her ears felt like 
they were full cotton; she could barley hear the solid thump as she 
patted her grossly distended stomach, and the satisfying gurgle it 
gave in return.  Maria alternated between pangs of pain and rushes 
of euphoria... she had never eaten this much before and she wasn't 
sure if she could keep it down.  But after she laid down and her 
bulging stomach stretched to contain the object of her orgy, she felt 
extreme contentment and a tingle of fufilled sexual pleasure.  I came 
in my pants right then and there, vowing that I would be part of her 
fantasies one day.

	Maria's eating habits became legendary.  She took great pride 
in being able to beat any of her guy friends in an eating contest.  
Maria's neighbors became hesitant to ask her to babysit for fear that 
their refridgerator would be picked clean when they returned.  They 
also wondered how long her metabolism would keep her relatively trim, 
for though she never lost her soft layer of baby fat, she still had a 
svelte figure.

	A few years later I was a senior in high school and Maria was 
a junior.  The gods had been good to her, considering that her binging 
capacity had steadily increased through high school.  Her chest had 
filled out marvelously, her breasts large, round, and firm, with a 
decent cleavage.  Her hips were wide and softly rounded, her butt and 
thighs well-formed, covered with a soft layer of smooth fat.  Her navel 
had sunk in about an inch, and a slight bulge was forming beneath it, 
turning it upward a little. She was an absolute knockout in a swimsuit 
but she would only wear one-pieces because of the stretch marks over 
her stomach that were only partially hidden beneath her huge tits.  

	I was thrilled to say the least when she agreed to be my date 
for the Prom.  When I arrived at her house in the limo we'd rented to 
pick her up she was a delicious sight.  Her long, dark hair flowed down 
past her deep brown eyes, past her shoulders.  Her dress, made by one 
of her sisters, hugged every voluptous curve on her body, exposing her 
outstanding cleavage, accentuating her rounded hips, showing a glimpse 
of a smoothly tanned thigh through a seductively-placed slit on the 
side.  I felt my cock straining in my drawers and I knew that tonight 
I would make my move.  Little did I know that she would, unwittingly,  
play right into my hands!

	We entered the dining room of the hotel and quickly found our 
seats.  The plan for the evening included an opening address by the 
class president, followed by a full-course banquet, and dancing 
afterward till dawn.  All through the president's address I could hear 
Maria's stomach growling like a starving animal and I hungrily watched 
her hand as she unconsciously rubbed her belly.  Then the food was 
served.  Maria surprised me by refraining from wolfing down her 
portions in a mad rush, but rather eating at a slow and measured pace.  
I experienced a brief feeling of letdown that I would not be able to 
see Maria gorge herself tonight, but I quickly recovered when she 
remained at the table after dancing had started.  She cleaned off her 
plate, her second of the night, and then  systematically went around 
the empty seats at each table, finishing off whatever her classmates 
had left behind.  I watched her from my seat across the room, seeing 
the look of increasing pleasure-lust on her beautiful face between 
ravenous bites, stroking my stiff cock through the thin material of my 
suit pants.  Suddenly she stopped her binging and sat still for a 
moment, eyes wide, mouth gaping like a beached fish.  She waddled over 
to me and said that she had to get home right away because she was 
having a hard time breathing.

	As we waited outside for our limo to pull up, I looked her over 
and immediately understood what had happened.  The seams of her dress 
next to her food-laden stomach were ripping apart; her sister had made 
the dress out of a non-elastic material, and Maria had literally eaten 
herself out of her dress!  I helped her into the back seat of the limo 
and listened to her short gasps as she struggled to break out of her 
beautiful satin prison.  My erection was a solid rod of molten steel 
and I could feel the blood rushing in my ears as I took out my 
pocketknife and carefully freed her bulging stomach.  I was rewarded 
with a long sigh as she let the weight of her huge meal push her belly 
out, rounded and tan and smooth in the soft lights of the limo.  It 
was too much for me to bear: my dream had come true!  I laid my head 
in her lap and buried my face in her gut, relishing the soft firmness 
of it on my cheek, the growlings of her stomach calling me to come 
inside her.  She threw her head back in ecstasy and moaned as I 
grabbed her swollen paunch with both hands and gently massaged her 
primary erogenous zone.  My tongue explored the depths of her 
cavernous navel, couched in the valley of her full, rounded abdomen.  
I was in heaven!

	Then we arrived at her house.  Her parents and sisters were away 
at a party and would not be back for many hours.  Maria unlocked the 
door and laid down on the sofa while I knelt over her and cut away the 
rest of her dress, exposing her huge melons.  I straddled her, holding 
her across her wide hips and buried my face in her belly.  She was 
mashing the top of my head with her breasts and twiddling the nipples 
with her fingertips.  Her stomach let out a long growl and she moaned, 
"God am I hungry!"  Her word was my command.  I left for the kitchen 
and returned with two half-gallons of chocolate ice cream and a bottle 
of cherry schnaps.  She grabbed one of the cartons and attacked it, 
her breasts heaving as she gasped for breath in between mouthfuls.  I 
was busy spreading part of the other carton on her smooth, rounded thighs 
and licking it off, then drinking some of the schnaps from the deep 
goblet of her navel.  I had consumed about half of my carton and a third 
of the schnaps when Maria threw her empty carton down and breathed, 
"more!".  She quickly finished the contents of my carton, and then drank 
down all the rest of the schnaps.  She sank back against the sofa arm, 
rubbing her bulging stomach, moaning softly, smiling.  I joined her hands 
in their massaging of her silky smooth body and worked her tits till 
they were as firm as ripe grapefruit.  Then I put my mouth on her belly, 
kissing it, feeling the coldness of the ice cream through her soft layer 
of fat, wishing that I was in there, in her.

	She must have read my mind, or it might have been the alcohol, 
because opened her eyes a crack, looked at me through the haze of her 
orgasmic stupor, and said, "I want to get bigger.  I want to be fatter.  
I want your baby to push my stomach out till I'm as big as a house.   
I want to feel you in me, filling my belly with your hot, thick cum!  
Fuck me, fuck me, make me fat!"  I didn't need to be told twice.  She 
spread her well-formed legs and I ripped off my pants.  I thrust myself 
into her, stoking her boiler with my creamy fuel.  The feeling of her 
smooth, fattened thighs sliding underneath me was heavenly, they were 
so soft.  I was careful not to jar her stomach for fear she would throw 
up, she was so full.  Maria gasped as I shot my pearly load into her, 
and within seconds I was reloaded.  I pushed as hard as I could up into 
her uterus and made another white-hot delivery; Maria was writhing in 
blind ecstasy, desperately trying to keep all that luscious food down.  
As I geared up for a third blast, she suddenly cried, "here, in my 
mouth, I want to swallow your cum!  I want to eat your cock!"  Sitting 
on her large, firm mounds, I pushed my six inch hose into her hungry 
mouth, the gateway to her full, fat belly.  The suction she created was 
tremendous; within seconds she had drunk me dry, swallowing my jism to 
mix with the rest of tonight's gluttonous feast in her swollen gut.

	Maria sighed contentedly and fell asleep.  I was spent and 
joined her in slumber, my head resting on her rounded navel.  She would 
make a good home for my baby, soft, fat, and warm.  I couldn't wait 
until she became slow and heavy, her huge breasts sloshing with thick, 
rich milk as she waddled down the hall towards me.  But before I slipped 
into oblivion, I felt an intense wave of satisfaction for finally being 
a part of Maria's sexual food fantasy.
