 Marion was home and in her favorite armchair.  It was several days after
her first experience at the house that Don had directed her to.
 She was still sore around the nipples and her bottom was also sore in one
or two areas. Her pussy was still very tender where the martinet had struck
at the very center of her sex. She had noticed the pain when she had 
been in her bathtub slowly and luxuriously rubbing her lips and seeking the
clitoris. The pressure on the soft lips reminded her in the burst of pain of
the agony of the other night.
 She had not heard from Don since she had been at the house and she was 
eager to hear something and to learn if possible, of the opinion of the men
who had enjoyed her.
 She had settled in the chair to read some erotic literature, although she was
convinced that no work of fiction could surpass the adventure she had begun 
as a slave the group of men. She thought it strange that she knew only Don to
be a member, and she was unsure how many others. "Were there 4 others besides 
Don?" she said to herself. " Was it Don that ass fucked me or was it one
of the others?" she further questioned.
 She cast her mind back to her relationship with Don and could not actually
recall having had anal sex with him. She felt fairly sure that he had not
been one of those who had placed his penis in her mouth. She was sure that
she would have recognized his organ by shape and size, and that her experience
with him made the likelihood of knowing the feel of him in her vagina. She was
quite curious to have her impressions confirmed or otherwise.
 As she sat thinking of these things, the phone rang and she quickly picked
it up, " Hello ." 
 " Be ready to be picked up in half an hour, I'll be there with my car. Take
off your panties if you're wearing any before I get there." Don said in a 
brusque manner.
 He went on, " We'll drive to a little spot in the country, the other members
want us to be where no neighbors will be bothered if there is noise." 
 Marion felt herself tense when she heard the last phrase, fearful that the
noise might involve her.
 She went to the bedroom and opened the closet. She picked a soft wool skirt,
wanting something smooth against the skin of a bared bottom, especially one
that was still tender in spots from her last adventure with Don and his 
friends.She put on a bra that fastened in the front, so that she could get it
off in a hurry and without awkward moves if she was ordered to remove  it.
 It was about ten minutes later when she heard the doorbell and she went to
the door and opened it.
 To her surprise, Don had with him a young man, she was sure on seeing him 
that he wasn't more than seventeen or so years old. She wondered if he had
been one of the men at the house the other night.
 " Lift your skirt, so we can be sure you haven't any panties on ! " she was
ordered.
 Marion paused a moment, feeling some embarrassment at the thought of this 
young boy seeing her without underwear.
 " No need to worry about Lyle seeing your pussy, he not only saw it, he was
in it up to his balls." Don said, answering the unasked question.
 Marion lifted her skirt and the two men saw the dark hair of her pussy and
as she turned in front of them, they saw the still sore looking bottom cheeks.
 " Very good Marion, it is good you have followed our instructions because the
penalty would be severe and your ass is already sore enough looking." she was 
told as she dropped her skirt and joined Don and Lyle in the car.
 She was offered a seat in the back of the car and she took them up on the 
offer and entered.
 The drive into the country was pleasant, the car was smooth and quiet, and
she was not bothered for conversation during the trip.
 She had not paid much attention to the conversation between Lyle and Don,
but from time to time the words " ass, cunt , tits , fuck and suck" drifted
to her in the rear of the car. She assumed they were discussing the various
"amusements" that would face her when she arrived at the destination.
 The car turned onto a lane leading she discovered to the shore of a lake, the
pinetrees grew almost to the water and  sheltered the cabin she suddenly saw
in front of the car.
 She noticed two other cars parked at the side of the cabin and knew that 
they were not going to be alone.
 " Get out Marion and go into the cabin we will come in a few minutes." Don 
said.
 The inside of the  cabin was surprisingly luxurious, with thick piled rugs
and very modern looking furniture, including an ottoman in front of the fire-
place. She went into one of the bedrooms, and looked at the large double bed
and the mirrors on the walls and ceiling. She was sure that the room was 
not just for sleeping. She went back into the large room that seemed to serve
as both living, and dining area and stood looking out the large window to the
lake. The view was fantastic with the water and trees. She hoped to have a 
chance to swim.
 Don and Lyle entered the cabin and  told her to go into one of the  bedrooms 
and   strip completely. She hesitated only for a moment, and Don looked as 
though he was ready to take his belt off and apply it. He had only moved his
hand to the waist, but  Marion recognized the threat and quickly took off her
blouse, bra and skirt. Her nipples erected immediately as the cool air made
contact with them.
 " Go to the front of the cabin and go out on the porch, the others will meet
you there." Lyle said, looking at the firm breasts and the nipples and all but
licking his lips at the sight. As her buttocks undulated with her steps to the
front door Lyle found his attention drawn to the pert cheeks and the wisps of
dark hair visible as she walked.
 Marion stepped on to the porch and found four men, dressed in bathing suits
that left nothing to the imagination as far as their cocks were concerned.
 She was sure that all four of them had hard-ons thrusting the fabric of the
scant suits out in many colored bulges.
 "Come here Marion!" one of them ordered," and bend over the railing of the 
porch, then reach behind yourself and   spread your cheeks apart."
 She felt the hard but smooth wood of the railing press on her stomach as she
followed the  instructions, and she placed her hands on each cheek and pulled
apart. She could feel the anus partially open as her cheeks were spread.
 She heard some movement behind her and  felt the head of a penis insert 
itself. She drew in a deep breath as the shaft of the penis followed the head
into the depths of her bowel. Just as quickly she felt the penis withdraw 
and she looked back over her shoulder to see the young boy Lyle, his bathing
suit off, wiping his erect penis with a washcloth. She was impressed with
the size of his organ and realized that it was being prepared to reenter her
after cleansing. She was grateful that this precaution was being taken, having
read of the dangers of moving from anal to vaginal sex without washing.
 She stopped her musing at the landing of a severe slap on the left buttock, 
and she heard, " turn your face away Marion and stay bent over the railing
with your cheeks spread."
 She looked ahead of herself and watched the surface of the lake.
 She next felt a hand roughly touch the lips of her vagina, and spread them
slightly as the fingers searched for her clitoris, and finding it rubbed it
to arousal.
 The lips were further spread by a massive penis that she was sure belonged to
Lyle and a steady pumping action began. The  organ filled her vagina to the
point of being almost painful, but the sensation was far from pain as her 
passions mounted in response to the rythmic strokes.
 As she moved toward orgasm, the penis was suddenly withdrawn and she felt
a great sense of disappointment at failing to achieve climax. She was aware
of a shower of warm liquid falling on her buttocks and upper thighs as the 
penis left her and was certain that the man had not failed to reach the end
of his orgastic experience.
 " Slaves are here today to satisfy not to be satisfied!" she was told as some
cloth was applied to the wet spots on her skin.
 Marion was still looking  at the lake and had not turned to look at the 
gathered men on the porch since the earlier smack on the ass.
 She stood awaiting the next commands to her as the slave of the day, and
hoping that she would be allowed to reach orgasm when next stimulated in 
that direction.
 Little did Marion anticipate the sensations that came to her across her lower
back and then across both buttocks. She felt sharp, hot and brief flashes of
excrutiating pain falling in rapid sequence on her flesh. She turned to see 
what was happening. What she saw was Lyle snapping a bath towel, obviously
wet,at her bottom and back. One or two of the others decided that this was
the thing to do for the moment and she was attacked by the wet and painful
ends of three towels. She was soom hopping from one foot to another and 
screaming for the onslaught to stop. As she danced in agony one of the towels
struck directly on her vulva and the pain dropped her to her knees. She 
clasped her hands to the crease in the hope of protecting herself from another
such blow. For the immediate instant the towels stopped flying at her while 
the men waited for the pain to subside a little.
 Marion knelt crying and holding both hands in her crotch.

  to be continued



