 Marion sat and thought of the events that had occurred since she entered
the house, only it seemed hours ago. She had been stripped or rather she had
been ordered to strip, she had been smacked, she had been shaved, she had 
been taken anally, she had had a butt plug inside and had to move it out on
command. She had several cocks discharge into her mouth and had wondered if
she would be able to breathe while her mouth and throat were filled by come
and by the source organ. She had nipple clamps placed on her and indeed they 
were still hurting her on both sides.
 She was wondering what more would likely happen during the course of the 
night. She was in the midst of these musings  when she was told brusquely to
stand and turn to once again face the chair.
 She did as instructed and felt hands on her shoulders forcing her to bend
over. She found herself bent to face the seat of the chair and her  torso was
parallel to the floor.
 Her bottom cheeks were spread by hands on either cheek pulling in the 
opposite direction. She felt  something harder than, but no larger than a 
finger at the opening. This foreign object entered the anus and kept pushing
until she was sure it would burst her bowel. The pressure continued and the
object  kept moving further and further into her.
 " This is a colonic tube my dear, this is an enema you won't forget very 
quickly." the voice explained as the tube went on its way to the full depth.
 Marion moaned softly as the tube moved into her to about three feet and she
moaned a bit more loudly as the water started to flow under some pressure into
her bottom. She felt her bowel cramp and start to try and reverse the flow
and the  discomfort made her moan  and cry out at the  operator of the device
to stop and let her get used to the feeling gradually.
 The relentless inflow continued and she was sure she would blow up before the
enema  was finished. 
 Almost as suddenly as it had started, the Niagara ceased flowing into her
bowel and she was relieved to have a moment to accommodate to the feeling of
being filled to the bursting point.
 " Relax my dear the tube is now going to be removed." she was warned and 
sure enough she could feel the long slender tube leaving her asshole an inch
at a time.
 As it was slowly withdrawn, she could feel the movement in parts of her
abdomen as well as the anus.
 " Don't let any of the fluid leak out my dear or we will punish you most
severely." she was told, but the urge to move her bowels was almost beyond
her capacity to control.
 She squeezed her bottom cheeks tightly together in an effort to keep any 
liquid inside. She was fearful of having another meeting with the martinet
if she should prove unsuccessful.
 " Stand up and walk around the chair, so we can see your level of control."
the voice said.
 Marion stood straight and took a tentative step, but found it very hard to 
keep her cheeks squeezed tightly as she tried to walk. Try as she might the
swinging of her legs in walking movement relaxed the tension of her buttocks
and allowed the load of water to press down into her rectum and press on the 
now loosened ring.
 She followed her orders and circled the chair, and in spite of herself she
allowed some of the contained water to pass to the outside where it moistened
her bottom and upper thighs.
 She felt herself forced to a sitting position and discovered that she had been
pushed down onto a portable toilet, consisting of a standard seat placed on a
wooden frame and with  a plastic bag to both catch the "material" and to allow
the action to be observed.
 As soon as she looked down she could tell the purpose of the plastic and she
blushed to think that she was to be observed emptying her bowel.
 " Since you can't hold it in my dear you might as well let it out." she heard
as the liquid left her in a rush of sound, of water under some pressure.
 She was somewhat dismayed to hear the escape of some gas as the last of the
fluid was expelled.
 She was then handed a piece of toilet paper and told to " wipe yourself my
dear." 
 Marion was next told to stand up and  bend back over the back of the chair
placing her hands on the seat.
 She was sure that this was to present her naked butt to the martinet, as she
had been warned while the colonic tube was inside.
 The first of several smacks of the multi-thonged instrument landed on the
left cheek of the ample and shapely bottom. She yelled out at the pain and 
in moments was screaming for  the beating to stop. She began shaking her body
in a futile attempt to stop the pain by perhaps in some way getting her behind
out of the path of the thin cords.
 She succeeded only in getting some of the blows on the upper part of her 
thighs and once or twice she felt a twinge of pain on the  lips of her vulva
as the lash found its way to that tender spot.
 " You will feel the martinet on your pussy soon enough my dear, you  don't 
have to turn like that just yet." she was told, and the words gave her some
fear of what might follow.
 " You may lie on the floor on your back now, for the next part of your
adventure." this time she was sure that it was Don who spoke,but the tone of
the voice was new to her.
 " OH! MY GOD,THAT HURTS!" She heard herself scream, after placing herself on
her back on the carpet. The scream was in response to the searing pain that 
struck her on the lips of her vulva. One of the strands of the martinet had
landed full on her, in the direct center of her sex.
 " You will feel that again and again for the next little while my dear, we 
are going to see that your pussy gets the same attention as your bottom did."
 the voice announced.
 For several agonizing minutes, Marion was only able to scream in pain as the
lash fell with regularity on the lips.
 When the strokes stopped the pain continued as though the martinet was in
use still. After what seemed many minutes the pain subsided to a generalized
warmth, extending from the surface to the depth of her vagina.
 She felt something move around her mouth and she opened her eyes, which she
had been tightly clenching closed in her agony. She  saw an erect penis inches
from her mouth and approaching quickly.
 " Take comfort from this !" she was told and she opened her mouth to admit 
the hardened organ.
 At the same time her legs were pulled widely apart and another hard penis
approached her nether lips and penetrated at almost the same time her mouth
closed around the velvet smooth head of the penis at her head.
 She suddenly felt the nipple clamps twist and give her severe pain on both
sides of her chest, and then as suddenly she felt the clamps released and 
the pressure and pain were replaced by the pleasant feeling of a mouth kissing
her breasts and gently sucking on the now fully erect nipples.
 The two penises inside her, were pumping like the pistons of a race car 
engine and she was sure that both were nearing orgasm.
 The early twitchings of the penis in her mouth heralded the arrival of 
the final stage of orgasm, and sure enough her mouth was filled with the
warm, somewhat salty tasting semen of the man at her head.
 While she fought to get her breath, partially choking as she swallowed as
quickly as possible the liquid, the penis in her vagina discharged in torrents
of warmth.
 She felt several hands touch her body and she was turned over to find herself
face down on the carpet. More hands spread her buttock cheeks and yet another
penis ( or so she assumed ) entered her anus. She recognized quickly that it 
was indeed a penis and she was being vigorously ass-fucked.
 The man inside at this opening was quick to ejaculate, and Marion found
herself with semen coming out of her vagina, her mouth and nose and her anus
at the same time.
 The penetrations and ejaculations had been so rapid, that she had little
opportunity to become aroused in any sexual way from them.
 " You may get your clothes on and go back upstairs to get the remaining
garments, do not come back downstairs until you hear us leave. Slaves do not
have the privilege of seeing their Masters just yet." she heard.
 Marion put her blouse and skirt on, still prevented by the bright lights
from seeing into the room. She walked to the door, now opened to the corridor
beyond and left the room where she had been so abused and used.
 She climbed the stairs and re-entered the bedroom to retrieve her bra
and panties. She took her blouse off and as she put the bra on she saw how
red and sore her nipples were from the tight clamps she had worn for so long
in the evening. The cloth bra rubbed the sensitive tissue and she felt her
sore nipples erect.
 She found the bathroom and used one of the washcloths and towels to wash the
semen from her buttocks and her vulva, and then pullled the panties over the
still sore flesh of her bottom.
 When she came downstairs she looked into the living room and saw that the 
only furniture was the chair that she had been on or near.
 She left the house wondering what her next adventure as a new slave might
be, and when it might occur.

