                       MARINE SEX SLAVE


                   Part One

     Casey was elated as she dumped her luggage
beside her bunk. After hearing about life in the
marines all her life, she was finally going to be a
part of it. 
     She looked down the long row of bunk beds in the
narrow barracks. 
     Unlike normal trainees, she and half a dozen
other young women were being brought into a platoon
sized group that had already been in training for
several weeks. She and the others, already knew enough
of the beginning work from summer training they had
undertaken before this.
      Casey herself had been a military cadet for
almost eight years now, since she was ten. She hid the
smug grin that threatened to come to her face at the
thought of missing the beginning weeks of gruelling
training the others had been exposed to. 
     She ran a hand through her short blonde hair.It
had already been in a loose pageboy cut before the
marine barber had cut it even shorter. She still
thought it looked cute. After all, it wasn't nearly
as short as the men got.
     She sorted through her gear and began to put it
away before they were inspected. She and the other
new girls were being scrutinized closely by the other
young women in the barracks. She expected a certain
degree of resentment towards them, but she figured it
was worth it. 
     The first day was loosely structured, and
involved tours of the base and women's compound, as
well as instructions in the base rules and such. She
knew tomorrow would be much more gruelling, but looked
forward to it.
     Her father was a marine officer and his father
before him. Casey had grown up as a rough and tumble
tomboy. Even well into her teen years, while other
girls her age had turned exclusively to boys and
fashions, Casey was still engaging in arm wrestling
contests, and spending her days in sports and military
practices. This had disappointed more than a few boys,
who's interests were aroused by Casey's hourglass figure
and pert, elfin face.
     In truth, she had come to be more and more
interested in boys in other areas besides sports.
Strange fantasies often overrode her thinking and
lovers occupied her unwilling dreams. She tried to
hide this, though. It irked her that she had turned
into a weak-willed girl, all bumps and curves.
     Whenever she saw herself naked, she was
exasperated by the confusion in her head between
arousal and excitement at the smooth, shapely figure
she possessed, and irritation at that selfsame form.
     The attentions of the boys infuriated her. She
found it horribly embarrassing when they made remarks
about her firm oversized breasts and tight, rounded
behind.
     She tried to hide both underneath long, heavy
sweaters, but few boys were fooled. She had accepted
a few dates, out of curiosity and suppressed desires.
They had usually ended in embarrassment and outrage
as the boy slid a hand up under her skirt to touch her
between the legs, or darted his hand under her sweater
to squeeze her breasts.
     What was more, after she'd gone home, she would
often catch herself imagining what would have happened
had she allowed it, and thinking back wistfully to the
feel of the electricity that shot through her body
when a boys hand touched it.
     Anyway, she thought, she wouldn't have to worry
about all that confusion here, that was one of the
reasons she'd joined the Marines. And though he had
discouraged her, Casey was sure her father was proud
of her being accepted.
     She was leaning over her footlocker, carefully
arranging her gear inside when a hand slid between her
legs and squeezed her groin in a tight grip. She
yelped and twisted away, falling forward across the
footlocker. Harsh laughter erupted from around her.
She scrambled angrily to her feet, only to be pushed
backwards again, tumbling to the floor. 
     "Who said you get could up pussy?" a nasty voice
taunted.
     She looked up at a large black girl, at least six 
feet tall, standing at her feet. She was a year or two
older than Casey. 
     "You touch me again and I'll report you!" Casey
cried.
     A look of anger came over the girl's face. She seemed
to turn away, then swivelled around, her booted foot
lashed out and kicked Casey directly in the crotch.
     She gasped, and doubled over in pain, gripping
herself. Several girls knelt around her. Caseys's arms
were pulled behind her and her upper body bent over
backwards by someones grip in her short hair. The
black girl jumped down next to her and grinned nastily
at her position.
     She reached forward and cupped Casey's right
breast in her hand squeezing and twisting it sharply.
Casey cried out and trembled against the pain. 
     "You try reporting anything around here, slut, and
you'll be dead!" the girl hissed, giving her breast
a final vicious twist before letting it go, and moving
away. The other girls let her go as well, moving off
with the black.
     A small brunette stepped around her and looked
down with a nasty grin. "She's right, honey. Karen runs
this place and don't you forget it."
     Casey lay on the floor for several seconds holding her
hurting breast in her hand and fighting down the tears
struggling to erupt.
     A few minutes later, the sergeant came into the
barracks for inspection, chewing out almost everyone
for the quality of their cleaning or whatever. Casey
didn't say anything. She knew the others were right
about one thing, nobody liked a snitch, and she could
expect worse trouble if she reported the
incident.

     Not long after dinner, they all went to bed, for
an early day tomorrow. Casey slept soundly. Sleeping
in a barracks wasn't new to her. She woke up once,
hearing cries coming from somewhere, but they died
down quickly and she fell asleep again.
     When she woke once more it wasn't because of
sounds. She felt strange, and smelled something
terrible. She sniffed, wrinkling her nose at the
pungent aroma. She jerked her covers aside and found
several rotten eggs had been dumped inside with her,
she was covered with spoiled, syrupy egg yolks. 
     She cursed, looking around the silent barracks,
for the black girl, but not seeing her. She got out
of bed, and yanked her covers off, replacing them with
spares from her footlocker, then padded down the quiet
row of beds to the showers.
     She muttered evil curses as she stripped out of
her underwear and stepped into the shower. This was
a part of things though, not at all unusual, and she
figured, something she'd have to put up with for a
couple of weeks at least. She ducked her head under
the shower, to clear the last of the soap out. 
     Suddenly an arm slid around her throat and she
was jerked backwards out of the shower. She felt her
body pulled tightly against another naked woman, as
her right arm was pulled behind her and held painfully
in place. 
     Her eyes flew open and saw the same black girl
as earlier, along with half a dozen other women,
standing in a loose semi circle around her. 
     She struggled against the girl holding her, but
became aware quickly that the girl was much larger
than her. Casey cursed her female weakness and short
size. Even for a girl she was short, her head felt
pillowed against the other girls breasts.
     "Hello pussy." Karen said with a smirk.
     "What do you want?" Casey gasped.
     "I want you, sweety." the girl leered.
     The arm around her neck tightened, pulling her
half off the floor and strangling her as the black
moved forward. Her lips came down on Caseys and mashed
against her. Casey fought down nausea as the woman's
tongue jabbed in between her gasping lips and into her
mouth, twisting around there.
     Casey bit down on it, making the girl jump back
with a cry. Casey struggled against the arms holding
her,trying to break free. 
     "You shouldn't have done that." a voice said next to
her ear.
     The black kicked out again, right into Caseys
groin. Casey grunted, as the nausea increased. The
black girl stepped forward, and smashed her knee up
into Caseys crotch, making the little blonde cry out
in pain. Then stepped back and punched her full in the
stomach. Once, twice, three times.
     "Turn her over!" Karen said angrily.
     Casey's was twisted around and forced to her
knees, as another girl moved to help the one holding
her. She was bent forward, her head held against a
girls side, her arms locked way up behind her neck.
She couldn't move at all. Just as she opened her mouth
to scream, a thick dirty rag was shoved into her
mouth, and tied in place.
     She was in a furious state of rage, struggling
hopelessly against the arms holding her. She had never
felt so utterly degraded and humiliated in her life,
as the girls stood behind her making leering obscene
remarks about her ass and lightly furred pussy slit.
     Then she heard a hiss, and a sudden explosion of
pain erupted from her buttocks as a belt was brought
down against them. She screamed into the rag as the
belt whirred through the air and lashed down across
her buttocks again. 
     She heard the awesome crack of the belt, smashing
into her wet ass cheeks as it hit. The sound merged
with another explosion of raw, blinding hot pain from
her buttocks. 
     "You want to be a bad girl, we'll show you what
happens." Karen taunted.
     The belt swished down again, and then again, and then
again, lashing across her buttocks with unrelenting
and vicious thoroughness. Her ass cheeks burned with
fiery pain as Casey jerked forward with each blow.
     She felt a hand on her head, patting her as if
in comfort as the cruel beating went on. She struggled
against the buildup of tears in the corners of her
eyes, determined that, despite the humiliation, and
pain, she would not cry like some sissy girl. 
     The repeated crack of the whip impacting on her
buttocks filled the room every couple of seconds,
until the black girl finally tired, and laid down the
belt.
     Casey shuddered and bit down on the rag in her
mouth. Her ribs rising and falling rapidly as she
tried to cope with the pain.
A hand in her hair jerked her head up as Karen
squatted down in front of her and grinned smugly.
     "You starting to get the picture, pussy? I run
things around here, and the sooner you learn the
better."
     She smacked Casey in the head and stood up,
moving around to her rear again. She felt hands on her
legs, forcing them apart, and then another hand cupped
her pubic mound. 
     She cursed into the rag, as the hand rubbed and
squeezed her cuntmound gently, then a single finger
slid along the slit and pushed inside. Casey jerked
against her holders in fear, as the finger twisted up
into her virgin hole.
     Laughter sprang up all around her as the finger
slid in and out. Casey felt her face redden in
degradation and shame. Then she heard shouts of
encouragement. 
     She couldn't move her head around to see behind
her but abruptly she felt a tremendous pressure, and
a horrible pain at her crotch, as something large, and
unrelenting was jammed against her tight, little pussy
opening.
     It pushed harder, crushing her pussy lips, and
shoving inside her. She twisted, and jerked against
the hands holding her as burning pain erupted in her
groin and then spread deep inside her belly. Hands
gripped her hips, as the thing was thrust against her
cuntal canal with brutal force.
     She felt her cuntlips spread and spread as the
intruder smashed aside her cunt walls and drove down
into her soft warm belly. Deeper and deeper it went,
crashing through her tight cunt walls with hardly a
pause, filling her cunt tube with its cold fullness.
     Casey could hold out no more, this final horror
brought her to the edge of mental collapse, and tears
rolled out of her eyes. 
     She felt the thing tear in and out of her
bleeding crotch, ripping a tunnel for itself. It drove
deeper and deeper with each powerful lunge, until she
felt the rounded head jam up against the back wall of
her cunt tube.
     Still the thing jabbed in and out, crashing
against her cervix repeatedly, bringing waves of
shocking pain racing through the girl's body. 
     "Like our cock, blondie?" a voice taunted.
     The thing was pulled all the way back and Casey
moaned in gratitude as it pulled free of her tormented
love tunnel. Then her head was forced back and she
looked directly into The black girls crotch. She was
wearing a kind of halter, or strap, holding a long
thick dildo between her legs.
     Casey gasped in horror to see the object of her
defilement. It was at least ten inches long, and
terribly wide.
     "Kiss my cock, slut girl!" Karen taunted. 
     The dildo was shoved up against Casey's lips, and her gag
pulled out. Casey opened her mouth to scream only to
have the dildo ram forward into her mouth.
She gagged on the horrible acid taste of the rubber
cock, clamping her teeth down, to prevent it from
going into her throat. 
     "Suck the cock, slut girl!" said a voice.
     The dildo was yanked free and the gag reinserted
as the girl moved around behind Casey again. She felt
the hard rubber press against her slit, then a muffled
shriek erupted from her gagged lips, as the dildo slid
down into her cunt tube again. She felt it drive
deeper and deeper, jamming against her cervix and
still pressing harshly.
     The cock pulled out again, then slammed forward,
crushing her tender cervix between the hard rubber and
her pubic bone. Again the cock slid back, then raced
in. This time she felt the harsh scratching of the
girls pubic hair against her vaginal lips. 
     "Almost there." she heard her grit.
     Then the cock hammered forward, crushing her
cervix as the black girl crammed every last inch of
rubber cock down into the teenager's tight little fuck
tube.
     Casey could only weep in humiliation and pain,
as the girls crowed with triumph at the sight. The
black girls hands rubbed up and down Casey's tortured
buttocks, squeezing and fondling them as she laughed
in satisfaction. She pulled the cock back and then
humped forward again.
     Now that she had broken the last resistance of
the little blonde's cunt hole, she began to fuck into
her with smooth regular motions. Her hips moved
forward and back easily, sliding the thick fuck tool
in and out of the bleeding hole with satisfied ease.
     She felt a strange tingling in the skin around
the thrusting dildo. The feelings grew and spread down
the length of her ravished cunt tube. The girl raping
her slid her hands up Casey's thin sides and down
under her chest, fastening on her thick, swaying
breasts which were rocking in time to the back and
forth jerking of Casey's body.
     "She sure has nice titties." the girl said.
Her hands worked over Casey's tit mounds, squeezing
them relentlessly, until they were aching bags of
soreness mixed with a strange prickling heat.
     The warmth and tingling in Casey's loins
increased. She felt a strange yearning, and a rushing
flood of sexual heat and passion swarmed over her
body, making her skin flush deeper red and staggering
her with its intensity. Unconsciously her ass pushed
back slightly to meet a forward thrust of the long,
thick fuck tool.
     She groaned deep in her throat as the erotic
carnal desires made her head throb and sent quivers
of gasping delight shooting through her frame. 
     Her hanging breasts seemed to swell and burn as
the girl raping her kneaded and squashed them The
fingers twisted and massaged the vulnerable little
nipples, sending explosions of lust into the little
blonde that made her whole body tremble.
     She gasped in horror and delight as the already
erect nubs seemed to harden and lengthen. Her nipples
had always been incredibly sensitive, forcing the tom
girl to wear soft girlish silks under her sweaters and
sweatshirts lest she excite herself and bring on
horrible fantasies about the boys sitting around her
in class. 
     Her ass jerked repeatedly as the dildo drilled
her pussy. Hot fuck-milk gushed into her penetrated
hole. The girls watched in delight as the thick girl-
fucker emerged from the tight, little blonde furhole
coated in thick gooey sex juice.
     Casey cringed in embarrassment, but her
humiliation was beginning to be pushed aside by the
growing lust engulfing her hapless body. Then her body
seemed to undulate and quiver as an explosion of fiery
sexual gratification blasted through her convulsing
frame.
     The gag was torn from her face and a damp pussy
pushed against her. "Suck my cunt you little slut!"
someone yelled. 
     The girl kneeling before her, shoved her crotch
forward, grinding her pubic mound against Casey's jaw.
Casey opened her mouth, and tentatively thrust her
tongue forward. She tasted the sweet juices from the
girl's pussy and began lapping them up.
     The girl grabbed her hair and mashed her groin
into Casey's face, demanding she suck harder. Casey
slurped and suckled at the oozing slithole, her tongue
dipping in as deep as it would go, lapping and
twisting in the girl's pussy mouth. 
     She pulled her tongue out and rasped it over the
aroused clitty, bringing a moan of pleasure from the
girl. Casey wiped and ground her tongue over and over
against the sensitive little fold of flesh, rubbing
and caressing.
     She closed her lips over the clitty as tight as
she could, and then hummmed deeply. The girl yelped
and jerked against Casey's face as her clitty vibrated
in time to Casey's mouth. 
     Then she came, grunting and twitching as her cunt
flared with orgasmic passion, and her clitty sizzled
with delight inside the blonde girl's mouth.
     She fell backwards, and another girl took her
place, jamming her cunt demandingly into Casey's face.
Casey groaned in pleasure as the dildo raced back and
forth in her own pussy, and shoved her tongue forward.
     Her mind soared through elation and joy as she
orgasmed repeatedly. Her tongue, stuffed deep in a
little brunettes pussy, vibrated like a propeller,
sending the girl shivering into her own cum as her
furry slit rubbed over Casey's face.
     Casey felt utterly bewildered and confused as the
last spasms trembled through her body. She had never
felt anything like that before, had never felt such
pleasure. Yet it had come in a horrible, humiliating
pain filled episode among these nasty girls. The girl
in front of her sighed and moved away.
     "It's your turn Robin." Karen said.
     "Not me." said the voice of one of the girl's holding
Casey.
     There was a silence in the room.
     "Why not," one of the other girls demanded angrily.
     "Because I don't fuckin want to! She aint my type
alright!" the voice said defiantly.
     The cock was withdrawn and she was allowed to
fall forward onto her belly. She lay there sobbing and
panting from the pain and exertion, her body covered
in sweat, her face in cunt juices. 
     "Does'nt she look happy." a voice jeered.
     "She gives good head." another commented.
A hand gripped her hair and pulled her puffy face up
from the floor as Karen squatted next to her.
     "Remember blondie, you say anything and your in
deep shit." she threatened. 
     She stood up then kicked Casey in the side, bringing
a cry of pain from the girl, then she laughed and they
all walked away.
     Casey saw one, a tall brunette, looking back with a
look of apology and regret on her face. 
     Casey lay there for a long time catching her
breath and recovering from her horrible experience,
before dragging herself up off the floor and
staggering back into the shower. She stood there in
bewilderment, astonished and confused at her own
lewdness and her body's wanton behaviour.
     In all her seventeen years, almost eighteen, she
reminded herself, she had never felt her body so
aroused and excited. She groaned, and let the water
pour down on her, washing the cum, and sweat off her
body. Her crotch and ass stung wherever the water
touched.
     She thought back to her only previous sexual
experience. It had happened only last year, and it had
frightened her with it's intensity. It hadn't been a
boy who had taken her cherry, no, nor for that matter
had it been a girl.

                    
                    Part Two

     The person who had introduced Casey into
the world of sexual passion had been her Aunt Ruth.
Ruth was a lesbian, a woman who Casey had admired
greatly. 
     Ruth had been unable to control her baser instincts
around her niece when she had come for a visit.
     Aunt Ruth had shared her bedroom during her stay.
Casey, still the tomboy, had been eager to learn all
about her sophisticated Aunt's life. Aunt Ruth had been
all over the world. She was a Captain in the Air force,
and had travelled extensively.
     If her language, and somewhat vulgar jokes and
remarks offended her parents at times, they only made
the woman more fascinating to Casey, who reckoned
herself as a cool and tough girl. She had heard that
kind of thing before anyway, heard it every day at
school. It was weird hearing an adult talk like that,
but it hadn't bothered Casey.
     Aunt Ruth had liked to sleep in the nude. So did
Casey in fact, but she had worn a pair of Pyjamas for
the first couple of days that Ruth had shared her
bedroom. She had been intensely interested though, when
Ruth had disrobed each night before bed. 
     The naked body of the woman had excited Casey for
some reason. Aunt Ruth was so beautiful, and, in the way
of most young teenage girls, she thought of herself as
gawky and plain.
     Ruth had taken several minutes after stripping to
arrange her clothes in the closets, and do other things
before going to bed. Casey had'nt known at the time that
that was deliberate. After the second day, she had
decided that she too could sleep in the raw.
     She had watched discretely as Ruth had stripped off
and then wandered around doing this and that. After Ruth
had finally gotten into bed, Casey had yawned and put
her book down. She got up from her desk and with careful
nonchalance, had proceeded to take her own clothes off.
     The first two days she had changed in the bathroom.
Tonight she simply took her clothes off right by her
bed, while Ruth pretended to ignore her and examine a
magazine. 
     Her entire body had tingled as she had gotten down
to her underwear. She had to force herself to unsnap her
bra and pull it off. She had chickened out at the last
minute, and turned her back to Ruth as she did it
though. 
     She then slipped her bikini panties down her legs.
When she had bent over to slip them off, she had  almost
fallen down while trying to keep her legs as tightly
closed as possible.
     She had placed them on her desk, her hands shaking
slightly. She fiddled with nothings at her desk, keeping
her back turned to Ruth, wondering if her Aunt was
staring at her small, shapely buttocks, then finally
managed to get up the courage to turn around and move
to her bed.
     Turning around exposed her front to Ruth, which
sent her pulse racing even higher. She had'nt been able
to tell if the woman was watching her, so intent was she
on avoiding her Aunt's eyes. She had had to stop herself
from racing to her bed and jumping in. Instead she had
casually walked to bed, pulled up the covers and got in.
     She had'nt of course known how flushed her skin
was, nor how much of a giveaway her stiffly erect
nipples were to the older woman. 
     Ruth had indeed taken very careful note of her
niece's nudity. She watched from the side of her eyes
as Casey had fiddled at her desk. Her eyes opening wider
and her head turning, when the girl had leaned forward
once, exposing her slight pink slit to view.
     It had been almost like a game for Casey. To strip
and show off her body before bed. For several nights
running, she too had found a number of things to occupy
her attention between undressing and bed. She had gotten
less inhibited and more bold each night.
     One night she had stood before the full length
mirror, her hands behind her head, posing. She had
brought her hands up behind her head and leaned back
slightly, causing her breasts to jut out. 
     Though it was hard for her to admit to herself, she
felt she looked just as good as the girl in the mens
magazine she had seen in this very same pose the other
night. She had lifted the magazine from the bottom of
one of her Dad's drawers, intrigued by the pictures
between the covers. 
     She batted her eyes at the mirror and pouted her
lips in what she thought was a vampish way. She heard
the floorboards creek at the same time as the voice
spoke up. "MMmmmmmmmhhhh Sexyyyyyyy !"
     She had jumped in surprise at the sound of Ruth's
voice, trying to cover her nudity with all too thin arms
and hands. Even as the embarrassment at being found in
this manner rose to flush her skin red, her belly felt
another kind of heat at Ruth's sudden entry.
     She tried to reach for a blanket, as Ruth sauntered
towards her. "Oh stop that ! I've seen you before
remember !" Ruth snorted, coming over beside her.
"Stand up for your body girl ! Don't cower and hide as
if it was something shameful you didn't want anyone to
see !"
     Self consciously, Casey had straightened up,
pulling her arm away from her chest and her hand off her
pubic mound. Ruth was standing beside her and she
reached over and grabbed Casey's shoulder, pulling her
up straighter.
     "Well, kid ? What do you think of the ol' bod ?"
Think it'l bring the boys running ?" Casey stammered a
little, her face still red. "I was just comparing myself
to a pose I saw in one of my Dad's magazines."
She braced herself, straightening her shoulders and
throwing out her chest. She turned and faced Ruth.
     "What do you think Aunt Ruth ?" Do you think i'm
pretty?"  Ruth had looked at her with a strange
expression. "Are you kidding ? god, I should look half
as good as you."
     Casey stared at her in disbelief. "Come on
Aunt Ruth ! You're way prettier than me !"
     "Ha !"
     "You are !"
     "Oh I'm Okay ."
     "I wish I had a body like yours."
     "Look Casey. You have a terrific body and a gorgeous
face. What more could you want ?"
     "You don't think I'm too skinny ?" she asked,
turning toward the mirror again. 
Ruth rolled her eyes and then pulled the t-shirt nightie
she was wearing up and off.
     She was sleek and naked underneath. Casey made as
if to step back, but Ruth put her arm around her and
drew her close beside her before the mirror. Almost
against her will, Casey's eyes went to the mirror and
looked admiringly at the older woman's body. 
     She noted again, the high firmness of her aunt's
breasts, and the delicate, graceful tapering of her
legs. Her breasts were larger than Casey's and her hips
were a touch wider, but who was perfect ?"
     Ruth had pulled her in front of herself and brought
her arms around her waist. What is wrong with this?" she
demanded. Suddenly her hands slid up and cupped Casey's
young breasts in her hands. Whats wrong with these ?"
Casey was startled by the intimate contact. Her Aunt's
fingers held firmly to the incredibly tender skin on her
breasts. 
     For the first time, she became aware of Ruth's own
breasts, pressing firmly into her back. She felt the
slight ticklishness of Ruth's pubic hair touching her
buttocks. Involuntarily, her breasts began to swell and
her nipples to harden. Ruth noticed right away. 
     "Aha ! Now you see the way to make them even better
looking !" she laughed. Casey drew in her breath
suddenly as Ruth gently, but firmly squeezed both her
breasts several times. Her face turned crimson again,
and she tried to pull away from the close embrace. 
     Her movements though, were suddenly shaky and weak.
She felt like her pubic hair was stiffening and
crackling with electricity, bringing an itch to her
pussy. Then she felt Ruth's lips on the side of her neck
where it joined her shoulders. Ruth bit softly at the
flesh, sucking it into her mouth, and Casey could not
supress a moan of intense excitement and pleasure. 
     Ruth's body was aroused also, and Casey could feel
the stiff nipples, like two sharp points, pressing into
her skin. Ruth kneaded and squeezed her breasts,
tweaking and pinching the now hard little nipples.
Abruptly she was swung around to face her Aunt. 
     She looked deep into those stunning green eyes,
noting with alarm, the intensety of desire in them for
her. Then Ruth leaned forward, kissing Casey's lips
gently, then more forcefully. Casey felt her Aunt's
tongue slip past her lips and join her own tongue,
slipping and sliding over it as their lips mashed
together. 
     Casey had been stunned by the sudden acts. Her mind
was dizzy from the sensations Ruth was bringing out from
her breasts, and the deep hot feeling that was burning
in her belly. She didn't know what to do. She knew
virtually nothing about sex. She had heard of girls
doing it together, but couldn't imagine how.
     She had done nothing to resist as her Aunt caressed
the skin of her back with her soft fingers, then slid
them further down, and cupped her buttocks firmly. She
felt the sensitive skin come alive under her Aunt's
gentle fondling, then gasped as Ruth's hand rubbed deep
into the cleavage between her ass cheeks and down
between her legs to cup her pubic mound.
     She tried to protest weakly, but Ruth's mouth was
over her own. The hand shot a burst of hot fire up into
her belly, and Casey unconsciously pushed back against
it, seeking more. Ruth slid her hand up and down her ass
crack, travelling deep between her legs on the downward
journey, and rubbing over her tender hot slit. 
     Casey could feel Ruth's tits crushing her own, the
nipples of the older woman rubbing against her own erect
buds. The fire in her belly roared higher and higher,
sending waves of pleasure roaring through her brain, and
making her vision blur with multi colored lights. 
     She leaned back against the edge of a bureau, and
Ruth suddenly dropped to her knees in front of her. She
forced Casey's shaky legs apart and pushed her face up
against the soft furry mound of her pubis. 
     Casey moaned, as Ruth brought her tongue up onto
the skin of her groin, licking up alongside her cunt
slit. Ruth ran her tongue all around the slit over and
over, and then suddenly, she shot it right into the
middle of the slick oily cunt slit.
     "UUUUUHHHNNNNGGGGHHHHH !!" 
     Casey grabbed Ruth's head in both hands for support
as her body arched backwards. Her pelvis thrust forward,
humping against her Aunt's face as thumping, throbbing
waves of orgasm shot through her body. She shuddered
under the impact and would have fallen if not for Ruth's
hands firm hold on her thighs. Ruth brought her tongue
against her clit and licked against it, drawing a shaken
sigh from Casey.
     Over and over, Casey gasped with pleasure as her
Aunt's tongue slid across the delicate fold of flesh.
Casey shivered and swayed helplessly as a powerful
buildup of sexual tension began to churn through her
body.
     When Ruth had grabbed her clit between her lips and
sucked tightly, furiously, Casey had jerked and shivered
through an even higher orgasm. She had thrown back her
head and grunted mindlessly as she came over and over
again. 
     Then she remembered sliding down to the rug, her
legs collapsing and folding under her. She found she was
on top of Ruth, her weak body splayed over the woman.
Ruth held her head between her hands and raised it up,
staring into her astonished eyes. 
     She had brought Casey's face down to her own and
they had kissed deeply. Casey had emulated her by
running her own tongue into Ruth's mouth. When Ruth had
pushed Casey downward, she had kissed and licked at her
Aunt's neck, shoulders, and then dropped her mouth to
suckle and chew on the woman's breasts and nipples. 
     She bit and sucked and licked desperately at the
hardened pebbly nipples, wanting to return the pleasure
to her Aunt that she had received. Ruth grabbed her hand
and brought it down to the soft fold of brown hair
between her legs.
     Casey slid her hand over the pubic hair and over
the delicate erect clitty. She rubbed up and down on her
Aunt's cunt, drawing sighs and gasps from Ruth. She
could feel the slick slit outlined beneath the damp hair
and ran a finger along the crack. 
     She pushed against the opening and her finger slid
softly into Ruth's body. She could feel the soft tight
walls of Ruth's vagina gripping her finger as she pushed
it deeper. When her knuckles were flat against the lips,
she wiggled her finger around in the tight tunnel,
marvelling at the strange feeling it aroused in her. 
     She slid the finger out and then pushed two, then
three into the crack. She began pumping the fingers in
and out of Ruth's slit, making sure to rub against the
clit at each stroke. Ruth was shoving her groin up to
meet each downstroke and making soft whimpering noises
underneath her. 
     Her eyes had rolled back in her head and her lids
were almost shut. "OH GOD ! OOHH YESSS! OOO OOH
OOOOOOOGHHH UUUUUUNNH! C... Caseyeee !!!" Ruth was
shaking in orgasm, her body humping against Casey's
fingers. 
     She grabbed Casey and pulled her to the rug,
rolling on top. The two kissed deeply, running their
hands over each other's bodies, both awash in the
sensations of lovemaking. Ruth slid down her body, her
hands fixed firmly on her sweating pulsating breasts,
and then pushed her face into her groin. 
     She sucked and bit on the clit as her hands pawed
Casey's tits. In seconds she had brought Casey to
another immense orgasm that send her into writhing
spasms of uncontrollable contortions. She turned Casey
over onto her belly, then pulled her up to her knees. 
     Casey had been almost completely unaware of what
was going on, and too weak to resist. Her face was flat
on the floor, all but covered in stringy sweaty hair.
Ruth had pulled her up into her lap and slid her hand
down over her upturned ass cheeks and into her tight wet
crotch. 
     Casey had felt her palm squeezing her hot slit for
a second, and then Aunt Ruth's middle finger had slid
up into her drooling pussy hole. Casey moaned as the
finger sliced apart the walls of her virgin cunt slit
and pushed deep into her body. 
     Ruth began fucking her, adding two more fingers and
sliding them in and out of the oily hole. Casey had
cried for her to stop, dazed by the bolts of heat and
fire that shot into her brain each time Ruth rammed her
fingers into her groin, and hurting form the strain of
the digits embedded in her tight cunt.
     The fingers had alternated their speed, first
sliding the fingers slowly in and out of the entrance,
not going deep, the pumping the digits in and out
rapidly, and deeply, jerking Casey's body back and forth
as she reacted to the stimuli.
     Casey came again, the climax sending the blood
pounding into her head, driving all coherent thought
from her as she rode the sensations. Her ass rammed back
against her Aunt's plunging fingers trying to force more
and more of them into her cunthole. Ruth had suddenly
dropped her and ran over to the corner, leaving her
humping and whimpering on the rug. 
     Her groin twitched and tingled as her climax began
to subside. Ruth jumped down onto the floor next to her
again. Casey had looked up dazedly to see her Aunt
strapping on some kind of a strange panty set, wondering
at the long thick thing that stood straight out from the
middle of her crotch.
     She rolled Casey over onto her back, and pulled
her legs up into the air, pushing them back and folding
them against Casey's chest. Casey did not resist as she
felt herself bent forcefully, her back arched as her
ankles were forced backwards to her head by Ruth's
insistent pressure. Ruth positioned herself in front of
Casey's upthrust  ass cheeks and positioned the fat
thing at the entrance of Casey's slit.
     She began to put pressure on the tightly closed
slit. The rounded head of the instrument forced the
slick pubic lips back further and further. Casey
remembered how she groaned as the pain mounted and she
tried weakly to jerk away from it, not really even
knowing what was happening. Ruth had kept up a
continuous pressure, forcing the thing down into Casey's
body.
     Casey had watched almost fascinated as inch after
inch disappeared into the tight, sucking depths of her
oily pink cunt. Casey shuddered against her Aunt,
jerking and twitching as inch after inch slid into her
guts. She felt a sudden sharp pain from within herself,
and her arms and hands flailed around uselessly,
slapping at the carpet.
     At last, she felt the touch of Ruth's pubic hairs
on her own crotch and knew she had forced the whole
thing down into her body. Slowly Ruth began to pull her
hips back, pulling the cock thin up out of the depths
of Casey's crotch hole. She could see her cunt lips
pulled outward and clutching tightly at the thing as it
slid out.
     When only the head was still inside, Ruth pushed
her legs out and let her whole weight drop down onto
Casey. Casey gasped and cried out in pain as the monster
thing rammed down into her belly. 
     Ruth began to pump her hips in and out. slowly at
first, then picking up speed. She used long deep
strokes. fucking Casey brutally. Casey's ankles  were
up on her shoulders and she could feel them slapping up
and down as they bounced with the impact of Ruth's harsh
fucking.
     Casey threw her head back, making gargling moans
and grunts. She had never experienced feelings and
sensations like this before. Her guts felt like they
were torn apart inside her and her cunt felt split open.
She had this tremendous feeling of FULLNESS each time
Ruth sank that thing down into her. 
     She could feel her cunt walls surrounding and
gripping the fucking tube, and her mind was drowned in
successive bursts of fiery crackling sex heat. Her whole
groin felt swollen and pulpy from the fucking. She came
again, and again, and again. 
     Ruth pulled the thing out, and Casey rolled
shuddering onto her belly, her hands trying to go down
to her groin. She felt her belly pulled up by her Aunt,
and her knees pushed under, supporting her ass in the
air. Ruth was behind her, and then she felt the thing
thrusting back inside her cunt. 
     Casey groaned and shuddered once more. Her face
rubbed back and forth on the rug as her Aunt fucked her
cunt from behind. Ruth grabbed her hips and began
pulling her ass back against the thing as she thrust
forward. 
     She rode a dazed helpless Casey to another climax.
She leaned forward and clutched Casey's breasts
where they were rubbing on the carpet. She squeezed them
unmercifully as she came with a tremendous bang, ramming
the thing far up into Casey's cunthole and sending her
into another gasping shuddering climx.
     Casey lay soaking in the shower, thinking of that
beautiful experience with her Aunt. She had been trying
to forget it for the last year, trying to pretend she
hadn't had such a powerful, and perverted sexual
experience with a woman. But now, she was forced to
admit her own sickness. 
     Even being raped, her body had responded to the
other girls so easily, so completely, that she wondered
if she wasn't doomed to a life of lesbianism. She
discounted her thoughts about boys in light of her
bodies obvious inclinations in the other direction. 
     What would happen, she wondered, when the Corps
found out about her? She went back to her bunk in a
state of misery and fear.


                     Part Three

     The next morning was spent in a daze.
Everything she did was off, as her mind kept flashing
back to yesterday night. Finally she was called over by
the sergeant and balled out for screwing up yet again.
She felt frustrated and angry at her own incompetence
and inability to explain her faults. 
     Suddenly a girl stepped over to her, the tall
brunette she remembered from the other night, whod
looked kindly.
     "Look kid, just forget it allright." she said,
"It's no good worrying on it. Karen runs things here.
As long as you don't cross her again you'll probably be
okay."
     She recognized the voice as well, as belonging to
the girl named Robin, who had refused to rape her. She
said nothing, keeping her eyes downward.
     "Look, want me to help you with your shooting?" Robin 
asked. "Come on Casey, the sergeants gonna kill you if you
don't do something right today." she grinned.
     Casey's desperation for a kind face, overrode her
embarrassment and anger over what the brunette had
helped do to her the other night and the two practised
their shooting together. 
     Casey was actually better than Robin and helped
her some. The two ate together as well, and Casey had
almost managed to put the other night behind her when
Karen appeared next to her seat,  and ran her tongue
over her lips lewdly.
     As evening approached, she felt more and more
afraid of what the night would hold in store. Her
breasts and groin were still sore and her mind numbed
by her body's betrayal. She was afraid of what her body
would force her to do if she was attacked again,the
continued leers and taunts of the girls all day had left
her in a miserable desperate mood.
     She put down her broom, she had been sweeping the
barracks, and went next door to the sergeants office.
The sergeant was going over some paperwork at her desk
as Casey walked in. The first few buttons of her top
were unbuttoned, revealing the voluptuous body beneath. 
     "What is it Donovan?" the woman asked abruptly as
Casey stood at attention next to her desk. 
     "I,..I...H...Have a complaint Maam!, I mean Sergeant!"
Casey stuttered.
     The sergeants eyes narrowed. 
     "Oh you do do you?" she grunted.
     "Yes Sergeant!".
     "Well spit it out Marine!" 
     Casey proceeded to haltingly describe what had
happened to her the other night, leaving out, of course,
her own reactions. The sergeant stared at Casey
unspeaking as she revealed the attack, now and then
nodding at her to continue. 
     When she had finished, Casey stood there, face red,
waiting for a response.  Instead the sergeant stood up
and walked around the desk to her.
     "Come with me." she ordered.
     Casey followed her out the door, and down the manicured
walkway to the Lieutenants office.
     Dread gripped her as the passed several of her
attackers, who stared at Casey with angry eyes.
The sergeant knocked and was ordered in by a rough deep
voice.
     She opened the door and motioned Casey inside.
The lieutenant was standing by the window as the two
walked stiffly in and stood at attention near her desk.
She looked at the two carefully, then walked over next
to them.
     The lieutenant was about ten years or so younger
than the sergeant, perhaps twenty five or so. She had
a pleasant heart shaped face, with short carefully cut
brown hair, not unlike Casey's.
     "Well Sergeant Cummings, what is it?"
     "This marine has a complaint Lieutenant Michaels Maam."
     The sergeant described Casey's complaint and then
ordered her to describe it again. Casey groaned inwardly
and then embarrassedly told her story again. 
     The lieutenant stopped her at several points,
ordering her to expand on some description or other,
which embarrassed the poor little teenager even more.
     "What kind of belt did they use on you?" she asked. 
     When Casey confessed that she didn't really
remember the lieutenant ordered her to strip.
Casey gulped and stared at the woman, then at the
sergeant.
     "Well come on girl." she said with a frown," I want
to see what marks were left from this alleged beating."
Casey slowly unzipped the green overalls she was
wearing, and pulled it to the ground.
She stepped out of it then looked at the women, hoping
that would be good enough.
     "The rest girl!" the sergeant barked.
Casey unclipped her thick, marine issue bra, then slid
her panties over her hips and down her legs, to stand
naked. Her body flushed in embarrassment as she stood
nude, before the two older, fully clothed women, who
studied her body closely. 
     The lieutenant walked around her and Casey jumped
as she felt her warm hands slide over her rounded
buttock. 
     "Hmmmm,... I do see marks here. Sergeant. What does this
look like to you?" The two of them stood behind Casey
studying her behind, and the slight discoloured marks
left by the belt.
     "Phhhaaaaa,...She probably got that by falling down
or something." the sergeant said dismissingly.
     "She says they raped her with a dildo too." Michaels
said.
     "Bend forward girl and spread your legs."
     Casey grit her teeth against the embarrassment and
complied.
     She jerked slightly as she felt a finger slide
along her tightly closed slit, and flick over her
clitty.
     "I don't see any damage here." the Lieutenant said.
     She walked around in front of the girl and motioned her
erect.
     "Frankly, I don't believe you private Donovan."
she glared.
     "I think your just a lazy troublemaker, trying to get
special attention."
     "B...but Maam...!"
     "Speak when your told Marine!" the sergeant roared,
shutting her up.
     "Now look, Donovan." the lieutenant put her face
right next to Casey's," There's enough goddamned talk of
lesbians in the services without this kind of shit.
Every time one of us, "she motioned to Sergeant Cummings
and herself, "turns down some horny guy, they whisper
that we marine women are all dykes and queers." 
     "If you mention this again, without evidence or
witnesses, to back it up, I'll see you spend the next
five years of your enlistment in the stockade!"
     "Do you understand me!?" she demanded.
     Casey trembled and then nodded, disheartened.

     That evening was like a nightmare to Casey. Every
movement and noise made her jump as the hours counted
down to lights out. Finally the sergeant ordered
everyone undressed with the ten minute warning before
lights out. Casey undressed to her underwear, then got
carefully into bed, eyeing the girls she recognized from
the other night carefully.
     The lights went out, plunging the room into
darkness. Casey's eyes remained wide open, determined
to stay awake all night if necessary. She clutched her
covers against her as the silence filled her with dread.
     She gasped as shadows appeared above her. A hand
shot down and covered her mouth as her limbs were seized
in several strong grips and she was yanked out of the
bed. She struggled and screamed into the gloved hand
over her mouth as she was carried into the middle of the
room.
     Suddenly the lights went on. She saw that almost
all the girls in the barracks were sitting upright in
their beds, watching. She almost groaned in relief, but
it was shortlived. 
     "This little bitch is a troublemaker!" Karen yelled.
     There was a chorus of agreement from the other girls
around them.
     "We're gonna show the little bitch what happens
when somebody goes to the Sergeant and Lieutenant about
us, and makes us look bad."
A dirty rag was shoved into Casey's mouth and her wrists
were pulled up above her, as she was pushed against a
thin wooden pillar in the middle of the room.
     Her clothes were torn off her, first her top,
revealing her high, full breasts, then her panties,
pulled slowly down her legs to reveal her sparse muff.
The other girls laughed and taunted her, yelling abuse
and obscene comments, many of which evoked laughter and
agreement.
     A large breasted brunette was fooling around with
something above her head, and Casey soon felt tight
bindings fastened around her wrists. As the girls
holding her wrists high let go, she jerked resignedly
against the bindings, which held her arms high above
her head so she was almost on her toes.
     One of the girls, a tall blonde, put her hand on
Casey's back to push her chest out, which was greeted
by laughter and more comments about Casey's breasts. She
twirled the captive teen around so the room could see
her rounded buttocks, and then turned her again, as the
room laughed and cackled in laughter. Casey was
horrified at her obscene position. 
     Though some of the girls seemed quiet, and unhappy,
at least half were yelling raucously, and crowing with
laughter.
     "Show the little whore!!" they cried.
     Karen leaned forward and lowered her face quickly, her
lips engulfing Casey's left nipple, and her mouth
sucking voraciously.
     The room erupted in laughter, which heightened when
the black girl bit down viciously, sending Casey into
a squirming fit of desperation as she tried to pull her
stinging nipple away from the sharp teeth. 
     Tears began to dribble out of the blonde teenagers
eyes as she collapsed inwardly from the humiliation and
hopelessness of the predicament. This was quickly
noticed and caused further delight amongst the crowd of
girls. 
     "Turn her around and lets give her something to really
cry about."
     There was a chorus of agreement and Casey was once
again turned toward the pillar. The tight bindings bit
into her skin and were cutting off circulation to her
hands as they held her helpless against their
attentions. Then she heard the crowing and laughing die
down.
     Suddenly a kind of swishing sound filled the air.
Just as Casey recognized it from the previous night, a
loud crack echoed throughout the room as a thin, but
heavy belt smashed against her back. Casey screamed into
the rag, as the belt slashed down over and over again. 
     There were few other sounds in the barracks as the
other girls watched in awe. The belt arced down against
the smooth white skin of the little blonde, snapping
viciously down against Casey's back, shoulders, and
buttocks, leaving red welts, and screaming hot pain in
their wake. 
     She shuddered and trembled with each blow, her body
smashing against the pillar repeatedly. Splinters from
the rough wood dug into the tender flesh of her stomach
and breasts, while tears streamed down her face.
     Some of the blows were so harsh the teenager was
driven off her feet, to hang helplessly by her wrists
for several seconds. Her back  was already so inflamed
by pain that new blows hardly mattered for more than a
second or two. 
     By the time Karen gave the order to stop, Casey
was hanging by her wrists, her agonized body no longer
able to support her weight as the blows rained down
against her. Her back and buttocks were red with criss
crossing red welts where the belt had landed.
     Karen moved next to her and grasped a handful of
short yellow hair between her black fingers. Casey
groaned almost unconsciously as her head was jerked
backwards.
     "You learned your lesson cuntpad?" she hissed.
Casey could only moan unintelligibly through her pain
and the gag.
     "I don't think she has." Karen said to the room.
     She stood back and took the belt from the brunette
holding it. THWACK! The belt slashed down against
Casey's right buttock, sending her hip crashing into the
pillar again.
     CRACK! Many of the girls flinched as the force of the
blow on her back smashed Casey forward again.
     "Turn the little slut around!" Karen ordered. 
     The brunette and a slim redhead, quickly moved the
dazed girl so her back was against the pillar. Her
wrists were crossed far above her head and small drops
of blood could be seen trickling from under the ropes
that held her there. 
     THWAACCKKK !!
     Several girls gasped as the belt slashed down
across the middle of Casey's left breast. It seemed to
separate the meaty pillow in two for an instant, then
as it withdrew, the breast bounced and jiggled as a dark
angry red line appeared directly across the centre.
     Casey's brain reeled under this new pain. Her body
was flung backward, her tailbone smashing into the
pillar with bruising impact.
     THWACKK !... THWACK !.... THWACKKK !
     The belt cracked down against Casey's tender, rounded
meat orbs, leaving them bruised, and reddened, with
horrible red welts.
     "Spread her legs apart." Karen said.
     The two girls eagerly complied, each pulling
aside one of the girl's wobbly weakened limbs, opening
up her groin.
     Casey was practically unconscious by now, as
Karen slid the belt back, then lashed it forward at
a side angle. The belt slashed upward directly into
Casey's crotch, impacting with a loud dull thud
against the girl's furry slit mound.
     Even through the gag every girl in the room heard
the horrible agonized cry as Casey was thrown
backwards and up off her feet by the brutal blow.
Karen and several others grinned, while most of the
girls cringed. Karen slammed the belt up again, then
again. Each time sending the dazed girl into a
twitching jerking dance of agony and pain.
     Finally Karen stopped. The blonde was in a
stupor, almost hanging completely by her wrists. A
girl stepped forward and waved smelling salts beneath
her nose, making Casey jerk her head back quickly. 
     "Since the little slut doesn't like getting it
up the cunt, we're gonna show her another way to have
fun." Karen called out. Karen stripped and donned the
big dildo harness, then walked toward Casey. The dildo
was pointed upward, and bounced slightly as the black
girl moved behind her.
      Casey's body was pushed outward, her beaten
breasts thrusting up and to the sides as Karen slid
her hands over them. Karen's fingers fondled Casey's
breasts, squeezing and kneading the aching flesh not
unkindly. Her hands slid downward across Casey's belly
and down into the V of her crotch, to cup her pubic
mound. 
     A single finger slid up inside the girl, sending
her ass jerking backwards. Casey felt the hardened
length of the dildo running up between her buttocks
as it lay up between the two girls. Karen's hand slid
around her right thigh and lifted her leg sideways
and up off the floor.
     "Lets see how you like this bitch." she cackled.
     Casey groaned in fresh pain as he rounded head
of the dildo pushed against her crinkled little anal
opening with greater and greater force. Lubricated by
her sweat the slippery rubber shoved aside Casey's
sphincter and thrust far up into the defenceless
girl's asshole.
     Karen humped her body forward, driving the rubber
cock higher and deeper into the defenceless girl's
anus. Casey felt the rigid rubber going far up into
her guts, then ramming against the end of her ass tube
insistently. 
     She cried anew, and whimpered pitiful small
noises into the gag, as the cock rammed up against
her guts again and again. Finally she felt the crinkly
hairs of Karen's pussy against her ass cheeks as the
dildo was driven all the way up inside her belly.
     "You got it all little slut!" Karen hissed,
lunging forward again, to ram the end of the cock into
the blonde's guts again and again.
     Some of the other girls began to find their cunts
growing slippery and warm at the sight of the two.
Karen dropped Casey's leg back to the floor. Casey
gasped as all her weight was brought down on the dildo
and she was impaled by the brutal instrument.
      She struggled to stand but was hampered by
Karen's clutching hands which kept her legs forced
apart. She was forced to shove her ass back against
the black girl to keep her toes on the floor. A girl
moved forward and took a picture then, as Karen humped
her hips forward, digging the fake cock way up into
the blonde's tortured anus.
      Casey was bent like a bow. Her arms stretched
above and behind her and balanced precariously on her
toes. Her ass was pushed back against Karen and her
chest shoved out. Karen held her hips tightly and
humped upward with short vicious thrusts of her hips.
     Her hands slid up onto Casey's tits again,
squeezing tightly, then one worked down between the
blonde's legs, and slid two fingers up into her twat.
Karen finally tired and pulled out.


                    Part Four

     They untied Casey then and pulled her into
the centre of the room. She was throw onto the
polished wooden floor on her belly and her arms and
legs spread wide.
      A brunette named Sandra dropped between her legs
and pushed the end of the dildo into the tortured
anus. She thrust forward and down, working the hole
bigger, then she humped her hips forward and jammed
the whole thing down into the blonde girl's rectum. 
     She lay on top of Casey and then, she laughed,
dropping her entire weight onto Casey's body, crushing
her to the floor and jamming the dildo way down inside
her asshole. Casey's arms and legs flopped against the
wooden floor and her body seemed to tremble as the
hard rubber forced its way into her guts.
     Casey was helpless to do anything but moan and
whimper, as Sandra gave several rapid humps with her
lower body, pounding the dildo in and out of the
little round hole. 
     Casey's tender abused, pain filled tit orbs were
mashed against the floor as Sandra hammered the dick
down. Casey felt agony deep inside her belly as the
dildo thumped into the end of her asshole and ground
repeatedly against it. Casey felt the itchy scratching
of Sandra's thick brown pubic hair between her parted
ass cheeks as the dildo forced deeper still.
     She cackled. "It's way up in your guts sluthole!"
She covered Casey's body with her own, rubbing her
pointed titties into the blondes welt covered back.
Casey could feel the hardened little black nipples dig
into her skin as Sandra sighed and undulated her body
so her groin fucked the dildo in and out of the tight
asshole encasing it. 
     She gripped the blonde's hair in both hands and
jerked her head way up and back, then lunged forward,
kissing, then biting deep into the side of the smaller
girl's neck. She bit until she tasted blood and then
sucked voraciously, loving the taste.
     Sandra dropped the blonde's head then pushed
herself up on her two hands and feet so she was not
touching Casey at all. She began to energetically
swing her hips down and in, thrusting the dildo in and
out of Casey's asshole with long, deep strokes. Then
she grunted and pulled the slick rubber out of he
girl's asshole completely, rising and taking off the
harness.  Everyone gathered around could see Casey's
wide open asshole as her abused sphincter muscle
refused to adjust to the emptiness. The lithe redhead
donned the gear and knelt between Casey's legs then.
     She placed the tip of the dildo against the open
anus and lunged forward, driving it deep into the
blonde girl's rectum once again. She lay atop Casey,
her hands sliding under and squeezing the blonde's
titties and sliding down between her legs to cup and
fondle the furry cunthole. She bounced atop the girl,
humping the dildo in and out of the tightly squeezing
anus. 
     With Casey's mind numbed and blurred, her
helpless, confused body began to react to the deep
petting and fondling, sending lubricant down into the
empty clutching cunt tube, and fighting to pump blood
into her constricted tit mounds.
     After about five minutes, the redhead got up and
the Brunette who had whipped Casey, fucked the rubber
cock down into the rounded opening. Casey heard her
gurgling with delight.
     Casey could feel the girl's thick soft meat orbs
squashing and rubbing against the skin of her back,
as the brunette humped energetically. Her own tortured
milk sacs were swelling by the second, her hardened
nipples scratching against the wooden floor, excited
outrageously by the continued mashing and squishing
of the delicate sensitive meat. 
     A tall blonde took the brunettes place, and then
an oriental girl with short dark hair and a round moon
face. The oriental jammed her hips against Casey's
buttocks to get the dildo as far in as possible, then
she gripped the blonde's hips in her strong fingers
and sort of bounced her lower body against Casey's
behind.
     The dildo head banged rapidly against the end of
the ass tube, bringing repeated grunts of pain from
the blonde. Mixed with the pain though were the
shooting sensations of heat as the dildo rushed in and
out of her body, rubbing its fat head around in her
belly. 
     The oriental girl got off and was replaced by a
large black girl who gripped Casey's hips in a grip
of steel, lifting her lower body up off the ground
into a kind of kneeling position. 
     Her ass was up in the air but her head and
shoulders were still on the floor, as the black girl
slammed her hips forward and back, raping the
teenagers asshole with furious, brutal thrusts. 
     The black girls hips and groin smashed and
slapped against Casey's widespread crotch, stimulating
her tortured pussy meat with each impact, helplessly,
hopelessly, the brutal sodomizing drove the little
blonde deeper and deeper into an uncontrollable sexual
torpor.
     Her tits seemed to radiate heat, and she longed
to have someone suck and squeeze them. Her cunthole
seemed vacant and yearned for a hot cock. 
     The black girl pulled out and another girl took
her place, then another, then another. All the while
Casey was driven quietly mad. The repeated
stimulations of her cunt and titties drove her every
upward without any release as her cunt screamed to be
filled.
     She thought that at any moment her cunt lips
would open up and suck the current raper inside. Her
brain was frazzled and despairing as the girls raped
her asshole one after another. Five, ten, fifteen,
twenty, twenty-five, thirty.
     She didn't think it was possible to be so
hypersensetively excited. Every nerve in her body
jangled and shrieked in need of release. Her asshole
was a raw reddened sore from the continued sodomy, yet
her cunt went unfulfilled.
     "OKay Robin, your turn."
"Uhh Uhhnn."
The other girls stared.
Karen held the dildo out to her with a hard flat look
on her face.
     "Take this and fuck the little bitch now or we'll
do you next!" she gritted.
Robin gulped then resignedly pulled her panties off
then took the tool and slipped it on. 
She knelt behind Casey, then instead of sticking the
dildo up her asshole, shoved it deep into her cunt.
     Casey jumped as if electrocuted. Her ass slammed
back and a deep howl of satisfaction and ecstasy
roared through the gag. The dildo slammed up into her
belly as an orgasm of overwhelming proportions
screamed through her brain. 
     Her chest shot up off the ground, her back
slamming into Robin's titties as she shoved herself
back onto the rubber prong and cum gushed down her
tube. 
     Several of the girls watched her cum with
astonishment. Casey writhed and shivered and trembled
in an orgiastic frenzy, her ass jerking against the
cock inside her. 
     Robin held her against her chest, her arms around
Casey's belly and chest. She studied the girl in
surprise, then a slow smile crept onto her face. She
humped herself forward, pumping the cock into the
little blonde's sopping cunthole.
     Her hand slid up and squeezed one of Casey's
outrageously stimulated breasts, sending blinding
waves of release shivering through the girl's frame.
Repeated grunts of contentment and satisfaction
emanated from the teenager's mouth as her eyes closed
tightly and her head pulled back.
     Her ass continued to jerk against the pumping
cock, continued to ride the instrument of torture and
pleasure. Exquisite surges of rapturous sensations
poured through her body as she writhed against Robin's
embrace, grinding her buttocks back into the
brunette's groin.
     Little grunts and gasps of astonished pleasure
emanated from her wide open mouth, and drool dribbled
down her chin and onto her outthrust tit mounds. Her
hands shot down into her crotch and grasped the thick
rubber cock in shaky twitching fingers as she humped
against it.
     Then she cried out in delirious happiness and
thrust her crotch back onto the cock with furious
pounding strokes that impaled her tight blonde pussy
on the fat fuck spike. She gave one last tremendous
gasp and then shot into unconsciousness.

     The next day her asshole ached and stung from the
abuse it had been given. She couldn't sit down without
wincing.
     She spent the morning in a daze, unable to look
up at anyone lest she meet the eyes of one of the
girls who'd raped her the other night. Several times
she nearly broke down in tears at the remembered
outrage and humiliation.
     She knew she couldn't stand another night like
that, and knew that she had become a kind of toy for
the hard core dykes like Karen. 
     When the opportunity presented itself she jumped
into the back of a delivery truck leaving the base,
and hid amongst some empty boxes and crates.
     The truck had hardly been moving for five minutes
when it stopped. The flap was pulled up and a
soldier's face peered inside. He glared at her and
motioned her out.
     She was led across the field to the stockade,
where two enormous MP's were waiting. They handcuffed
her again, and then took her out of the jail to a
waiting jeep.
     They delivered her to the provost marshals office
where two officers greeted her with narrowed eyes and
flat looks.
     She was stripped again, this time not even
complaining, so tired and resigned was she. Her wrists
were engulfed by thick leather ties, and then she was
hauled up into the air.
      Her ankles were similarly tied, so that once she
was a couple of inches off the floor, the leather
bindings on her ankles began to resist the upward
pressure on her wrists until her body was drawn as
taught as a bow. She was hanging in the air, just
above the floor, in a perfect X shape, her arms and
legs spreadeagled.
     "Private Donovan, we don't like troublemakers in
the ranks here." said the captain. He was a beefy man
of middle years, with dark brown hair in a crew cut.
He smoked a thick cigar that made the entire room
reek.
     The woman next to him was a Lieutenant. She had
long black hair, much longer than regulations usually
permitted in fact. It hung straight down her back and
over her shoulders.
     She was very tall, almost six feet, with deep
green eyes in a thin, lean face. Her body was almost
Voluptuous, her hips wide, her breasts big and high. 
     "Perhaps it's time you learned just what this
base is for Donovan." the captain said. He puffed on
his cigar and walked over to stand just in front of
her looking down.
     "There is only one kind of Marine, Donovan," he
said," and you aint it! There are no female marines."
Casey raised her head in confusion.
     "There are some split tails, who are dressed up
like marines, and call themselves marines in public,
but they aint marines baby. We bring in little split
tails like you to keep morale up for our officer
corps.
     We give you a pretty uniform, and let you stay
on the base, and in areas where family are'nt allowed,
but your only purpose is to serve the officers your
assigned to."
     He slid his fingers through her hair, then
tightened them and pulled her head up to face him as
he drew in close.
     "Your a little fuck wad! You know what that is?
Your here for fucking and sucking and nothing else,
except maybe a little dictation and typing and shit
like that."
     She stared at him in shock.
     He pushed her head back and walked away.
     "We expect you to be highly disciplined. To do what
your told, when your told, and not ask any questions
or complain." he said.
     He strode back to her and stood a foot or so away
looking her up and down.
     "Look at you. Fucking is what you were made for, what
God designed you for! You can have a good life with
the corps. We treat our tarts right, here!"
But, you must be disciplined. Your already behind the
rest of your class."
     He walked around behind her, and she felt his
hand sliding up and down her ass cheeks. His hand
covered her ass completely.
     "We know, from your reactions in the shower,and last
night in the barracks, that you are a hot piece of
fucking material." he said
     Casey's mouth opened in surprise.
     "You didn't think we knew?" he laughed.
     His hand moved  off her ass and he came around
in front of her to grin down at her.
     "The girls were all part of the program Donovan,"
     "You can't escape Donovan. If you do, you'll find
a warrant out on you for murder, treason, whatever the
hell we want, and nobody would believe you for a
second, anyway." 
     He gestured toward the lieutenant behind him.
     "This is Lieutenant Caldwell, she'll be your training
officer. After you leave here, you'll be trained in
all the necessary arts to make a marine officer happy.
She'll also teach you to be obedient."
     Casey hardly heard him, her stunned brain was
reeling from the information, and from the horrifying
realization that she was to be little more than a
prostitute, a sex slave for some marine officer or
officers, who would do whatever they wanted with her
body! 
     The lieutenant stepped forward, and moved over
to a table not far from where Casey was hanging.
"First we will teach you the imprudence of attempting
to escape." he said, sitting himself down on a chair
a few feet away.
     The lieutenant brought thin, black wires up from
the table, each was attached to a machine and had
little copper alligator clips on the end. The
lieutenant pushed one of the clips over her right
nipple and closed it. 
     Casey gasped in pain as the clip bit tightly into
her nipple. She bit her lip to keep from crying out
loud as the nipple was pinched outrageously. The
lieutenant then attached the other clip to her left
nipple, causing a new flareup of stinging pain.
     "The only way you little bitches can learn
anything is with a good dose of pleasure and pain."
the captain said, " We'll give you some good hard
cock, to teach you pleasure, and a here we'll show you
some pain."
     The woman pulled another little wire over and
then slid it downwards to her crotch. Casey cried out
in a short yelp of pain as it tightened on her
clitoris.
     Her arms and legs were so tightly held that she
was completely unable to move, only her fingers, and
toes twitched to show the pain the clips gave her.
     "All right, Melonie, begin." the captain ordered.
For a second, Casey felt a tingling in her crotch,
then she thew back her head and screamed as her cunt
exploded in burning heat. Her pelvis shook and
vibrated as hundreds of volts of electricity shot into
her clitoris. 
     The pain stopped as abruptly as it had started,
and Casey collapsed inwardly, then suddenly fire
seared burned into her nipples. Her chest shuddered,
and her breath locked in her lungs as her tits bounced
and flopped in agony.
     "Starting to get the picture Casey?" the captain
asked, matter of factly. We won't mark your body, but
we will show you that it belongs to us now." he nodded
at the lieutenant, and Casey screamed again as her
cunt and tits exploded together.
     Her head jerked and swayed as the bolts of
electricity shot into her body. They drove the air
from her lungs, so she couldn't even scream, but only
whimper and gasp with desperate choking sounds. 
     The lieutenant alternated the shocks, sometimes
in the tits, sometimes the clit, or sometimes just one
tit. Each time Casey was stunned into helpless
gargling silence.
     Then, as the shocks subsided she would gasp in
relief, and sob piteously despite herself. Every nerve
ending was laid bare and shocked into agonized,
screaming protest. 
     Casey was covered with sweat, her hair hanging
down in stringy limp strands, as the captain stood up
and came forward. He had a short tube in his hand,
like a nightstick, only metal. The dazed girl looked
at him unseeingly through half closed eyes, as he
stood next to her and smiled. 
     She felt a sharp pressure at her behind, then
felt a long cold instrument push inside. It went far
up inside her, causing her more pain, as it skewered
her outspread bottom. 
     Then she screamed anew, this time pain shot
through her system from inside. It was like an
explosion going off inside her belly. Her guts churned
and twisted around as the captain held the instrument
up inside her.
     The pain stopped and she slumped in her shackles,
as the captain chuckled. He pumped the tube up and
down in her asshole, then moved away. The lieutenant
held the tube in place. 
     The shock came again, searing through her
insides, and sending the blonde into a twitching
shaking fit of pain filled horror.
Then the shocks all hit her at once, in the ass, cunt
and tits, and she was blasted into senselessness.
     She woke up with the lieutenant waving a foul
smelling bottle under her nose.
     "This is no time to go to sleep Donovan, just when
your starting to learn." the captain said.
     The woman moved away and Casey felt her wrists
coming down as the ropes were lowered, then she gasped
as her legs were pulled out from under her. The ropes
raised her legs in the air as her arms were lowered
until she was in a X position again, only this time
horizontal, about three or four feet high, facing the
floor. 
     Casey's arms and shoulders ached from the
punishing pressure placed on them, she was afraid her
arms would pull out of their sockets.
     The captain stepped behind her, and between her
legs, and then she felt a his hands stroking her
taught buttocks with smooth gentle strokes. 
     "Such a lovely behind, Casey." he complimented her.
     Then she felt a pressure at her asshole. She
looked down the length of her body and saw the
Captains pants around his ankles. She groaned
inwardly, as she felt her ass mouth pushed open and
the captain forced his cock down her asshole. Then
began to sodomize her with an easy, unruffled stroke.
     "You have a very nice little asshole her
Donovan." he said, "I'm sure a lot of men are going
to enjoy it before long."
     His hands squeezed her buttocks lightly, then
kneaded the rounded cheeks with greater strength,
fingers digging into the flesh. 
     Casey was growing dizzy as her head hung
downward. She hardly felt his cock as it slid in and
out of her anus for several minutes, her mind was
still in a confused turmoil, and her body was too busy
recovering from the electric shocks. 
     Compared to that, his ass fucking was a pleasant
thing. Which of course was the idea.
     The captain slid his hands down along Casey's hips,
enjoying the smooth soft feeling of her teenage skin.
     His hands moved down over her belly and then up
onto her breasts, which hung straight down from her
body like two cow udders.
     "These are nice milk sacks baby." he sighed, squeezing
them in heavy clutching paws.
     His hips began pounding into her crotch with
greater intensity, as he felt his cock overheating.
His thrusts grew faster, more forcefull. Then he
groaned softly and spurted his seeds down into the
blonde teenager's asshole. He patted her on the behind
and then withdrew. 
     He came around to the front and dragged her head
up by the hair, until she was looking directly at his
slimy, flaccid penis.
     "Clean this off for me Donovan." the captain ordered.
     She wearily complied, opening her mouth to receive his
cock.
     He shoved it inside, and she started suckling and
licking on it, trying to ignore the taste of her own
asshole coming off it.
His cock grew larger and harder as she suckled, and
soon it was pushing at the back of her throat. 
     He held Casey's head up with tight hands and
began humping his groin forward, pushing his cockhead
roughly against the back of her mouth. 
     Suddenly, his fat cockhead pushed past her mouth
and down into her throat. Casey choked, and fought
back her stomach, which threatened to erupt. The cock
went down her throat blocking her air tube completely.
     "Nothing like a nice throat fuck." the captain
groaned.
     "You'll get used to that Donovan. Deep throating
is something all marine susies do." he jammed his
cockhead down her throat again, and held it there for
several seconds before withdrawing into her mouth.
     He gripped her ears tightly, then began pumping
his hips forward quickly, almost shuddering as his
cock spewed out its load into the blonde's mouth.
Casey gulped down the salty liquid desperate to keep
it from going into her lungs if he pushed his cockhead
down the wrong tube.
     "That was nice Susie." the captain said, pulling
his pants back up.
Casey wondered dazedly why he was calling her Susie,
she was to learn later that marines called women
suzie, it was short for Suzie rottencrotch.
     The ropes pulled the girl upwards again to her
previous position, and the woman moved behind her. She
heard a swish, like something moving quickly through
the air, then there was a loud "Crack!", and her hips
jerked forward, away from the awful pain that exploded
from her ass.
     Casey screamed, and jerked helplessly against the
ropes. There was another swish, another `Crack!' on
her behind. 
     "Theres nothing like a good caning on the bottom, to
teach a girl her lessons." the captain remarked
casually.
     The cane swished down again and again, lancing
across Casey's buttocks, sending the girl into
agonized thrashings, and filling the air with her
howls and screams.
     Her voice whimpered and shook as she pleaded for
them to stop, and little sobs broke through between
cries of pain. But the caning went on, occasionally
moving up her body to crack down onto her back and
shoulders.
     Then the woman moved around in front of her and
Casey cringed away from what she knew was coming. 
     The cane cracked down onto her left breast,
directly across the nipple. A burning red line
appeared across the surface of her tit mound. Then the
cane thwacked down again, this time on her right tit.
     Then on her left again, then the right, then the
left. All the while Casey screamed and wailed,
pleading with the woman, and with the captain to stop,
promising absolute obedience, promising anything, as
she was driven toward insanity.
     Her voice broke, and tears rolled down her face
as she shrieked and threw her head about in fits of
desperate torment. 
     The caning stopped. Casey gasped in shocked,
agony. Her tit mounds were covered with criss crossing
welts, angry red lines that marred the lovely white
surface.
     She felt the ropes moving her again. The pulleys
pulled her around until she was upside down. Then the
lieutenant moved next to her and whipped the cane
directly down into her outspread crotch.
     Casey's body shuddered as it was wracked with an
enormous screaming burst of pain. She shrieked in
horrified disbelief as the cane smacked down onto her
soft tender pubic mound.
     The lieutenant ripped the cane down again and
again, until the blonde lost consciousness again. This
time not even the smelling salts would bring her back
to her senses.


                      Part Five

     Casey woke to renewed pain. She was back
in her cot, in her barracks. Her body felt like it had
gone through the ringer, which it had. She felt aches,
and pains from almost every part of her. She was
afraid to lift the covers and see what her body looked
like. 
     She lay in bed, hopeless despair overwhelming
her. She tried to think of some way out of her dilemma
but couldn't. Not for the first time, she cursed her
body, cursed being born a girl.
     She remembered back when she had started to
develop years ago. She had been just like the boys
then, in fact she had no girl friends. She played
baseball, football, hockey. She argued about the
merits of sports and wrestling stars with her friends,
all boys.
     While girls her age were involved with clothes
and dates, she was trying to deny and minimize her
development into womanhood. She refused to consider
wearing a bra, wearing thick sweaters, and loose pants
to disguise the growing differences between her and
her friends. Then came the day, when she could no
longer convince anyone, including herself, that she
was a boy. 
     She had been roaming around aimlessly with half
a dozen of her friends, all boys. They talked about
this and that, and poked around, eventually wandering
into a thick patch of woods. The guys had begun
talking about girls, more and more, a topic which
Casey, of course felt no interest in.
     One of the guys started talking now about tits.
He had been on a date, and felt a girl's tits. She
couldn't remember exactly how it had started, but one
of them had jokingly said, how Casey could solve all
the mystery about tits. They had all ganged up on her,
deriding her, making obscene comments about her. 
     As often happened, the insults turned into a
physical confrontation, between her and one of them,
only this time the wrestling had turned more serious.
     Several of the others had joined in and together
they pinned the wildly struggling girl to the grass
and jerked her sweater up and over her head, revealing
her round, budding breasts.
     The action seemed to stop for an eternity, as
they all stared rapturously down at her fleshy mounds.
Then one of them had put his shaky hand down and
stroked, and then squeezed her left breast, another
joined in, and soon they were all squeezing and
fondling her boobs, as Casey raged and cursed
helplessly.
     Then they had yanked her pants down, followed by
her panties. Her almost bare pussy slit, left them
shaking with excitement. Casey almost broke into tears
of rage, and humiliation as they had run sweating
fingers along her slit, and tried to push their
fingers inside her.
     If they hadn't been so utterly distracted, she
didn't know what might have happened, but she was able
to kick one of her tormentors away and dash off into
the bush. They had pursued her for a short time,
before losing her.
     She eventually went back to the now deserted
clearing and gotten her clothes back, but she had
never again felt the same freedom around boys.
     "All right Donovan, stop daydreaming and get up."
She looked up to see Sergeant Cummings standing next
to the bed, hands on hips.
     "You had to be a smartass, didn't you? Well see where
it gets you?" she glared.
     "Now get you ass out of bed and stand at attention!"
she shouted.
     Casey jumped up and out of bed, and stood rigidly
before the woman. Cummings examined her, her eyes
sliding up and down Casey's body.
     "Hmmm, they really laced you didn't they?" she said.
     Casey's eyes fell as she looked down and saw the
black and blue marks, along with the ugly purple
weals, and welts on her tits, wrists, and thighs.
     "Learn to do what your told and it won't happen
again."                                             
     "Your being transferred to the school now, so's
you can learn your `trade' better" she smirked, "Put
on a jumper and follow me."
     They walked across the base to a fenced in
compound that enclosed a series of interlocked
buildings. She handed Casey over at the front desk to
a stern looking Sergeant who must have weighed three
hundred pounds. He glared down at her in displeasure
as she stood before him. 
     "You should have been here a couple of days ago
woman. You'll just have to catch up with the rest of
the girls." 
     He led her down a series of hallways until
stopping before a large double door. They went through
and Casey found herself in another barracks hall, with
rows of bunk bed lining both walls.
     "This is your bunk." he said, pointing to one.
"All the gear you'll need is in the footlocker next
to it." he jerked the top of the locker open, and
pulled out what she first thought was a towel. 
     "Put this on." he said, thrusting it towards her.
     She blinked up at him, then stared at the small
garment. It was really nothing but two white
rectangles of thin, satiny material, fastened together
by two thin straps.
     "What kind of uniform is this?" she gulped.
     "It's a Suzies uniform you split tail. Now put
it on! We don't have all god damned day!"
She jumped at the loudness of his voice. She waited
just a second, until realizing he had no intention of
leaving, then sighed, and pulled the zipper of her
jumpsuit down.
     So many people had seen her naked lately, and in
such compromising positions, that she hardly had any
shame left at disrobing before strangers. She pulled
the jumpsuit down and off, and the Sergeant motioned
at her underwear as well.
     She stripped them off too, and stood defiantly
staring up at him, as if daring him to say something.
     "You better watch that attitude Suzie, or we'll beat
it out of you." he warned.
     She lowered her eyes, then pulled the garment over her
head.
     The two rectangles covered her front and back to
a couple of inches below crotch level, but left her
sides completely exposed. The sergeant produced a thin
silver chain which went around her waist, and clutched
the two sides tight. It was still a garment that
nobody would consider wearing in public, and might get
arrested if they did.
     "All right, come on." he said, grabbing her arm
and pulling her along next to them as they left the
barracks and walked down another series of halls. They
arrived at a closed doorway.
     The sergeant knocked twice, and waited. The door
opened and a thin, older man, a lieutenant, opened it.
     "Ah here she is, our missing waif." he grinned.
     "Come in Donovan." he told her.
     Casey shuffled into the room. There were a dozen
other girls there, including several she recognized
from the earlier barracks. They were dressed as she
was. 
     "Theres a seat right over there, Donovan." The
lieutenant directed.
     She moved down an aisle and started to sit, then
stopped in astonishment. There was a fat, rubber rod
sticking up out of the middle of the seat. It was
rounded on top and about eight inches long. She turned
toward the Lieutenant in shock.
     "Yes, thats for you." he grinned. "Sit on it,
theres some lubricant in the desk if you need it."
Casey looked around, open mouthed, only now noticing
that all the girls were seated in peculiar poses, with
the front and backs of there garments spread away from
them.
     Her mind whirled with confusion. She knew if she
didn't do as she was told she'd be tortured again, and
made to endure much worse than this. The lieutenant
was gazing at her with an impatient look, which would
no doubt give way to anger.
     She gritted her teeth and threw her leg over the
chair, squatting over it, then she slowly lowered
herself down, placing her slit over the rubber and
pushing down until she felt its rounded top press
aside her still, sore cunt lips. 
     She tried to ignore the presence of the other
girls, and the lieutenant, all of whom watched with
interest as she tried to lower herself with as little
pain as possible.
     The thing was only a couple of inches inside,
when she noticed the lieutenant standing right next
to her. His leg whipped out and kicked her right leg
out from under her. She abruptly fell straight down,
her ass whomping into the chair, and the rubberized
instrument slamming up into her pussy tunnel with a
violent thrust.
     She squealed in pain, but was drowned out by the
laughter coming from the other girls.
     The lieutenant walked back to the front of the room
and stood behind a desk. There was a blackboard behind
him with a picture of a cock on it. He pointed towards
various parts of the cock as he spoke on how to
squeeze down with cunt muscles to make a man come
better.
     "Now you have to clench your muscles, like you
have to go to the bathroom." he lectured.
     "At the same time clench your thigh muscles, and
inhale deeply. Now try it on the cocks there and we'll
see how your doing.
     Each of the girls seemed to be doing as he said.
Casey just sat there in confusion until he came over
next to her.
     "What are you waiting for Donovan?" he demanded.
     "Sir! I don't know what I'm supposed to do sir!"
she protested.
     "Look here." he sighed, pointing at a little box on
the desk. It had wires leading into it and had several
meters with little needles showing she knew not what.
     "Clench your cunt muscles." he ordered.
     She complied, desperate to do as he wanted and avoid
another beating.
One of the little needles started to move as she
clenched.
     "There are instruments inside that device to
measure the pressure you put on various parts of a
cock." he told her.
     "In this exercise the idea is to get that middle
needle up past twenty five."
     The needle was at fifteen as she bared down.
     "You have to work your way up to it." he said
soothingly.
     "Clench an unclench repeatedly." he moved on to
the next girl to see how she was doing.
Casey clenched and unclenched as he said, and was
eventually able to get the needle up to twenty five,
though only for a second.
     Suddenly, she started feeling a tingle through the
device. 
     The lieutenant was at the front of the room.
     "All right, the power is now on, so you'd better
clutch those little pussies tight." he said.
     The tingle increased, as Casey sat there filled
with dismay. She noticed several of the girls
quivering, and shaking from the voltage shooting into
their guts, and wondered why the shock didn't seem
that bad to her.
     Then she loosened her muscles and was zapped with
a much more powerful current that made her gasp in
sudden pain, and automatically clench her muscles
again. The current dropped to almost nothing as the
needle on the little box shot up past twenty. She
realized that the electricity was governed by how
tightly she clenched her cunt muscles and bore down
on the rod.
     The girl next to her suddenly screamed, she had
been quivering and shaking for several minutes now,
apparently unable to exert enough pressure on the rod.
She had a tall, lithe body, with short curly red hair
and a sweet egg shaped face.
     She started to jerk up and down and grunt in pain
as the voltage shook her frame. Casey watched in fear
as the girl's head was thrown back and her body
quivered like she was undergoing an epileptic fit.
     She made no attempt to get off the device, and
Casey could only wonder what the punishment would be
if she did. She continued gargling in desperate pain,
until she suddenly fell forward, collapsing onto the
desk unconscious. Her body still jerked from the
voltage, until the lieutenant turned it off somehow.
     "Thats enough for today." he said after a while.
Casey gasped in relief, her muscles ached, down there,
and she was tired from the exertion, and the low level
shocks she had been getting. She lifted her tired
pussy up off the rod, and rubbed herself
sorrowfully.

     "Hi Casey."
She turned from policing her bunk to find Robin
smiling at her. The two of them hugged, and sat down
on Casey's bed. "You shouldn't have tried to run
away." Robin admonished her.
     "I know." Casey sighed.
     "This place is a lot better than the first
barracks."
     "Are you kidding?" Casey groaned.
     "It is, really! We can do a lot more here, and we
don't have that bitch Karen around. She's in another
barracks."
     "Thank God for small favours. 
     "Lights out in five." a sergeant yelled.
All the girls began getting undressed. There was no
underwear assigned with their outfits, nor anything
for sleeping in. All the girls slept nude here and
Casey became nervous at the sight of all that flesh
assaulting her vision. It reminded her too much of her
previous assaults.
     "It's not so bad." Robin smiled, as if reading
her mind. " There have'nt been any really bad gang
bangs like before. Here we just all do what we want
together."
     "What do you mean?" Casey asked.
As if in reply, Casey noticed, not one, but two girls
hope up onto the top bed of her bunk. She looked
around in startlement and noticed this was'nt
uncommon. Many of the girls were settling down in the
same narrow cots together. 
     "It gets cold at night here." Robin said softly. 
"And after people yelling at you all day, you kind of
want to end it all with a little... affection." She
leaned forward and kissed Casey's cheek lightly.
     Casey pulled back nervously, and they stared into
each other's eyes. "It helps you feel better." Robin
said softly. 
     The lights went off, plunging the barracks into
darkness. Casey heard a gentle moan coming from above
her. She felt Robin's soft hand slide lightly up and
down her back, then her lips touched Casey again. 
     They all trooped out into the hallway. Casey
simply followed the other girls, not knowing where she
should be going. They went down the hallway and into
a large gymnasium.
     The girls walked over to one side and pulled the
little shifts up over their heads and deposited them
on a low railing. Casey followed suit, glad that for
once she wasn't the only girl naked.
     "All right, line up here." said an officer.
     She was a tall, sleek looking woman of perhaps thirty
or thirty five years. She had very short brown hair,
and a face that would have been lovely, had it not
been so stern.
The girls all formed a single line and waited.
     She moved down the line, handing out, what Casey
identified as dildoes, and splitting them into pairs.
     "My name is Valerie." the lieutenant said. "You don't
salute me or call me lieutenant. I'm a suzie, just
like you all will be."
     "All right." she said, you will practice your
hand to hand skills here. Remember, the weapon has to
be fully buried in your opponent before you can claim
a victory.
     Casey looked down at the dildo, it was thicker
than her arm, and at least ten inches long, then
looked across at the girl who was paired with her. 
     She was a mean looking brunette, with enormous
breasts, who looked at least ten pounds heavier than
her, and she grinned nastily at Casey, thrusting the
dildo upwards obscenely at her.
     "All right go!" the Valerie yelled.
     The brunette charged forward, and Casey hurriedly
jumped aside, just escaping a vicious punch aimed
toward her head. The brunette meant business. Casey
was hampered by her own confusion. The idea of
sticking a dildo into another girl's cunt was
grotesque.
     The brunette had no such worry. She kicked out
with her left foot. Casey jumped back but couldn't
avoid a glancing blow that sent her off balance, and
dropped her to one knee.
     Before she could dodge it, the brunette followed
up with a savage kick to Casey's belly that hit the
blonde with a tremendous impact. Casey doubled over
with a pained, whooof, as the breath exploded from her
lungs.
     Instantly the brunette was on her. Her left arm
slid around Casey's back, jerking her forward and over
the brunette's knees as her ass wiggled helplessly in
the air. The brunette brought the dildo stabbing down
against Casey's upturned pussy, thrusting several
inches past the blonde's pussy lips.
     Casey cried out and twisted desperately, her hand
reached back and felt the brunette's heavy hanging
breast. Her fingers locked around the tit meat,
digging in deeply, and she twisted her hand and pulled
back hard. The brunette howled in pain as her breast
was grabbed and wrenched. Her hands tore Casey's
fingers away, as she fell backward. 
     Casey jumped up and dove onto the brunette, as
she lay momentarily on her back. Casey's dildo stabbed
downward, jabbing into the brunette's cunthole. She
twisted and shoved the dildo violently, hoping to end
the fight. But the brunette kicked out, her foot
hitting Casey in the head, and knocking her aside.
     Now the brunette jumped onto Casey's back, facing
downwards, as the blonde lay on her belly momentarily
dazed.
     Her ass slapped down on Casey's back, which
caused both girls to cry out. The dildo still halfway
into the brunette's cunt, came down painfully hard
onto the small of Casey's back, driving it several
inches deeper into the brunette's cunt and nearly
disqualifying her.
     She reached back angrily and yanked the dildo
out, then stabbed down with her own dildo.
The dildo smashed against Casey's cunt lips, then
pierced her entrance and thrust into her tunnel.
     Casey gasped and writhed against the brunette,
trying to throw her off, but the brunette's legs were
squeezed tightly around the blonde girl's sides,
holding her in place.
     Casey's legs writhed franticly as the brunette
twisted the dildo deeper inside her cunt tunnel. She
tried to close her legs tightly, but the brunette's
fist was already between them, and her hand grabbed
Casey's pussy hair and yanked sharply, making the
blonde girl scream in pain. 
     The brunette gripped the end of the dildo
tightly, putting all her weight behind her hand as she
shoved it further inside the pouting cunt hole. Casey
was clawing at the floor, trying hopelessly to turn
over, as she felt the plastic cock tunnelling deeper
into her guts.
     Then the brunette started hammering away at the
last three or four inches of dildo that protruded from
Casey's cunt. She held her palms together and slapped
and pounded them down against the end of the dildo.
     Casey yelled and shrieked as the front of the
dildo was mashed against her cervix with brutal
uncompromising force. Casey grunted and cried each
time the girl pounded on the dildo. It was like a
spike being forced into her body.
     She lurched and shuddered, her eyes streamed with
tears, and her legs bounced on the floor. The brunette
punched and whacked at the remaining inch of plastic
with determination.
     She ignored the writhing girl's pain filled howls
as she forced the cock into her body until the last
bit of white disappeared inside the fuckhole and her
soft pussy lips closed tightly. She slapped on the
tender pussy lips for good measure, feeling the
solidity of the dildo beneath them. 
     Casey wailed in pain and bounced her hips on the
floor, as the brunette held on tightly for the
referee's count.
     However she wasn't content, even though she had
now won the contest. She picked up the dildo Casey had
dropped and pushed it against the girl's asshole. The
little wrinkled hole was defenceless as the brunette
stabbed the dildo against it, and thrust it inside.
     Casey's body shivered at this new attack. The
brunette shoved the dildo with relentless pressure,
forcing inch after inch up the blonde's asshole. In
a frenzy, Casey thrashed beneath her, momentarily
dislodging the brunette.
     Casey tried to crawl away but was grabbed from
behind. The brunette jumped on her back, collapsing
her to the floor again, then slammed her knee into
the end of the dildo, forcing more of it inside. Casey
shrieked and scrambled up again. 
     The brunette threw her arms around Casey's chest
as the blonde rose then dropped her weight backward.
Both girls fell back to the floor, landing on their
asses. Casey's eyes bulged, and a soundless scream of
agony made her mouth open wide as the entire dildo
embedded itself up her shit chute.
     The brunette locked her arms around her chest,
and her legs around her waist. She lifted both,
managing to pull the blonde a couple of inches off the
floor, then dropped her heavily. 
     Bolts of searing electric pain rippled up and
down Casey's body as she ground down onto the twin
spikes inside her. 
     Her frame rocked back and forth, and a low
pitched grunting came from her lungs. Blinding agony
exploded in her guts, searing through her every fibre.
She could feel the heads of the two dildos grating
against her bones and muscles far up inside her. 
     She was impaled on the twin cocks, and shivered
uncontrollably as her body screamed in protest. Cramps
tore through her shocked system sending their own
numbing pains to her addled brain. 
     The brunette rocked up and slammed her down
again. Casey's head whipped backwards, her entire body
began to twitch and writhe as she was utterly skewered
beyond her ability to cope. 
     Again the brunette rocked back, pulling the
trembling girl upward, then slammed her back. Casey's
pulpy cunt mound was mashed beneath her. The two rigid
fuckpoles jarred and vibrated inside her. The last
inch of plastic cock was forced past her anal ring and
up into the entrance of her bowels.
     Her crinkled opening gaped open, distended by the
ferocious abuse of the fat dildo, then it slowly
closed tightly.
     A roaring sound smothered Casey's senses, and she
whimpered in denial. Her mind fought desperately as
she wailed inside herself in mortification. Then her
body gave a terrible shudder, It heaved, every nerve
on end, every muscle straining, then she exploded into
the most massive, overwhelming orgasm of her life.
Wave after wave of searing, burning sensations roared
through her system.
     The two plastic dildos felt like they had punched
up past the back walls of her cunt and asshole and
were wriggling and twisting up in her guts.
     Her tits swelled, enlarged beyond reason. They
felt bloated and began burning, boiling. Her nipples
were stretched tautly as her breasts hardened like
rocks. At any second she knew her meaty milk sacks
would explode in a showering flood of blood and flesh.
     Her eyes rolled back in her head as her cuntmound
crackled with intense repeated bolts of high voltage
sexual fire. They tore into the girl's sensory system
like an exploding nova. Her cunt and asshole clutched
and twitched around the twin cocks, sucking and
pulling them even deeper into her belly. 
     The blonde thrashed against the tight grip of the
other girl. Her face turned red, then white, then as
her lungs were held in repeated contractions of
inflamed fever, her face turned blue from lack of
oxygen. 
     Pain and pleasure mingled indelibly inside her
as the girl finally collapsed, and slumped senseless,
back against the brunette.


                     Part Six

     The other girls who had lost were forced
to kneel over Valerie's knee in front of the entire
class, their bare asses pointed towards the other
girls. Then they received five hard lashes from a long
thin cane. However, Casey, who had annoyed Valerie and
distracted the class with her hysteric behaviour was
served a meaner punishment.
     After she had revived, Valerie had taken a roll
of thick, black electrical tape, torn off a strip and
taped it tightly to her glistening skin, from her
belly button, down firmly between her legs, over her
pubic mound and up between her ass cheeks.
     Another strip was wound around her belly right
over the edges of the first strip. The two dildoes
were thus held up within her belly, and were to stay
there for the rest of the class.
     Casey could hardly move from the pain within her
as she stood in line for her caning. She could hear
snickers and catcalls from the other girls as she
shuffled carefully forward to receive her caning. 
     She squeaked and whimpered in pain as she bent
over across the man's knees. The cane hissed down, and
cracked across her buttocks, sending her body jerking
forward.
     Valerie had warned them all that for each cry she
would add another lash, so Casey tried to keep quiet.
She gritted her teeth as the cane whacked down again,
then again, then again. It passed the five the others
had gotten, not stopping till she had gotten twenty
hard strokes. He then casually rolled her off his lap
so she crashed to the floor with a startled, pained
yelp. 
     She was then forced to do exercises with the rest
of the girls. Jumping jacks, jogging around the room,
then deep knee bends, and finally touching toes and
situps. These last bringing painful pressure against
the tips of the twin dildoes that were fighting the
tape to slide out of her. 
     One time, as she was touching her toes, one of
the girl behind her had kneed her full in the crotch,
sending the two cocktubes slamming up into her, and
sending Casey pitching headlong forward to fall on her
chest on the floor, her boobs squashed beneath her.
     When the class was over, she was called up before
the entire class again. Valerie made her lay on her
back on a table, and four girls came forward eagerly
at his request.
     They held her arms and legs firmly apart, as
Valerie pulled the tape from around her belly. She
cringed against the pain as the tape yanked out little
hairs from her belly, then sudden insight made her
squirm frantically against their grip as Valerie
peeled an inch or so of the other strip down off her
belly. 
     He gripped it firmly between her fingers, then
ripped the whole thing down off her groin as far as
her pussy mound. She screamed in terrible pain as the
tape tore out all her pussy hairs at once, leaving a
bare reddened area behind. 
     The girls then turned her over so she was bent
over the table belly down. The tape still covered her
slit and pussy mound, going up between her naked ass
cheeks. 
     Valerie gripped the length of the tape and yanked
it upward, ripping out the remainder of her pubic hair
from off her pussy mound, so it was completely bald
and puffened from irritation and soreness. 
     Her classes continued. She was taught the art of
fellatio, practising on volunteer officers, till she
could deep throat a twelve inch cock expertly.
     She learned the proper way to clutch and squeeze
cocks within her, and how to loosen her asshole so it
could be entered and fucked properly. She was drilled
in the necessity for obedience and discipline, and
respect for officers. 
     She became expert at cunnilingus to satisfy
officer's wives, and steeped in the sexual lore of S
and M, Bondage, Paedophilia, necrophilia, scatology,
and every other perverted idea under the sexual sun.
     She could burst into orgasm from fucking, being
strung up and whipped, being urinated upon, or
anything else that involved nudity and sex. The
marines had learned brainwashing technics from the
asians and russians and put it to good use with the
Suzies. 
     Casey soon came to feel empty and jittery if long
periods of time passed between fuckings. It was
difficult for her to sleep more than a few hours at
a time without waking up in desperate need of relief
from the fires burning in her groin. 
     She didn't know that she had been conditioned
this way, only that she felt unfulfilled and wanton,
her sex tingling and raw. She was also conditioned
never to touch herself down there without permission,
so was forced, along with the other girls, to endure
her inflamed cravings and yearnings until morning
reveille, when the girls were allowed to scamper out
into the yards for a good fucking.
     They would stand in straight lines, shoulder to
shoulder, as a few at a time were called up to be bent
over and reamed out as the rest watched. 
     How early they were relieved depended on how much
they begged and whined when the Sergeants and
Lieutenant wandered among them. 
     Those who didn't display proper obsequiousness
were forced to endure the added pain of watching girl
after girl be solidly impaled by the hard cocks of the
instructors and scream in delighted fulfilment and
orgasms before they themselves were allowed their
cums. 
     The trainers always left one girl completely
unsated, as a lesson to the others to be more
respectful and show the proper reverence for the
trainer's cocks. The unsatisfied girl would usually
break into tears when she realized she would not be
screwed. She would be forced to go through breakfast
and on into her first class  without any relief as her
fuckhole burned and ached.
     The girl's were fast becoming mindless sexual
drones, whos entire existence was focused around their
sexual gratification. After a few weeks, Casey, who
had always despised her weak, female body, would gasp
and beg for mercy from a few seconds fondling of her
breast. 
     One squeeze on her sensitive, glistening pubic
mound would send her bursting into an orgasm. This so
amused the trainers that, often as she walked down a
hallway, one would simply push her against the wall,
spread her legs and jam his hand into her crotch,
cupping and squeezing her cunt. 
     She would immediately start grunting and humping
against the hand, helpless as the sexual heat within
her ignited anew and sent her shivering and shuddering
through an explosive cum.
     One day, Casey had fallen while trying to jump over
a sawhorse. She wasn't badly hurt, but her elbow was
bruised and cut slightly, and hurt badly enough for her
to have to fight off tears. Valerie had bandaged the
elbow, and instructed her to keep it straight so it
would'nt start bleeding again.
     But first, Casey had to get through her shower. The
girls showered several times a day, trying to keep clean
despite all the sweating they were required to endure
each training session. The instructors had no intention
of allowing them to leave any class for the next,
smelling badly.
     Valerie, being a lot kinder than normal today,
insisted that Casey use her own private shower, in the
instructors office. That meant, of course, that Valerie
had had to help her off with her clothes. This
embarrassed and frightened Casey. She was afraid of the
woman, and being within touching distance made her
tremble in fear.
     For some reason she couldn't understand, she had
fantasized about Valerie the other night. Nothing very
specific, but it had shocked her when she'd woken, and
found herself wet between the legs.
     "Keep your arm elevated Casey, so you don't get the
cut too wet." Valerie instructed, as she disrobed
herself. Casey tried to avert her eyes from the
instructors nudity. She had seen a lot of naked girls
in the past while. Somehow it seemed different seeing
Valerie naked, after all, she was an officer, even if
she was a Suzie too. 
     Valerie watched the girl fumble awkwardly with the
soap, her arm held above her, out of the showers stream
of water. "Here, honey." she said amiably. "Let me help
you."
     "No, it's alright !" Casey protested.
Valerie frowned at her. It was the kind of frown she had
been using for the last few weeks whenever the girl
disobeyed one of her orders. 
     She held out her hand, and Casey reluctantly put
the slick bar of soap in it. Valerie soaped up both
hands and stood behind the blonde girl. She ran her
hands over her shoulders first, and her neck, taking her
time, massaging the skin and muscles as she soaped her. 
     Her hands slid downward, scrubbing Casey's back
gently, then sliding around to her sides. She could feel
the girl trembling slightly as she caressed her skin
with her soapy hands. She noted the girls nipples, erect
despite the warmth in the room.
     She turned Casey slightly, so she was in front of
her. She started soaping up her chest above the girl's
breasts. Casey was looking down at the floor, too
embarrassed to see Valerie's face. Valerie soaped up
above the breasts, then slid her hand down the cleavage
between them to soap up the girl's belly.
     She thought she noted a sudden catch in the
blonde's breath when her hand slid between her breasts.
She put a hand on the girl's hip and slid her other hand
around in circles on Casey's belly and abdomen. Then she
casually slid her hand up slowly, up from Casey's
abdomen, over her stomach to her left breast, and
directly up across it.
     Casey was biting her lip, which was a good thing
since she thought she would have screamed otherwise. She
was becoming incredibly turned on.
     Her whole body seemed to be trembling in
anticipation. Her groin was fiery hot, and pulsating
with a kind of dull quivering need. 
     As Val's hand slid down over her other breast, her
groin, and that soft, tender area between her legs,
seemed to throb with a furious intensity.
     Valerie watched the girl carefully, for any
reactions. She slid her hands over her breasts now,
massaging them in the guise of scrubbing. She couldn't
miss the pebbly hardness of the pink nipples against her
fingers and palm though. She stepped behind the girl,
sliding her hand down her back again, then down further,
rubbing across her buttocks, squeezing and kneading the
two white cheeks.
          Casey seemed to be shiver as she scrubbed her
behind. Valerie carefully avoided sliding her hand
between the girl's cheeks just yet, as much as she
wanted to. "Raise your right leg, honey, and put it on
the bar."
     There was a horizontal pipe running the length of
the shower room a couple of feet above the floor. The
Casey slowly jerked her foot up, putting it on the pipe.
Valerie leaned over, sliding her hands up around the
girl's thigh, and soaping up the length of her leg, from
top to bottom.
     As her hands moved down the length of the leg, her
bare breasts pushed firmly into Casey's back. She slid
her hands up and down the leg, alternately pressing her
breasts against the girl's back and side. "Other leg."
she said huskily.
     Casey quickly obliged, and Valerie soaped up that
leg as well, continually pressing her breasts against
the girl. She soaped the leg far up to the crotch, high
enough that the side of her hand brushed against the
girl's crotch every other time or so. "Okay." she
whispered finally, allowing Casey to drop her leg. 
     She could feel the girl trembling against her now
as she stood behind her, scrubbing her belly once more,
slowly and gently. Casey seemed to be staring straight
ahead at the wall, as if in a trance. 
     Valerie slid her right hand up. Casey's right hand
was still high in the air, and Valerie had no trouble
sliding her hand up under it to Casey's right breast. 
     She squeezed the malleable flesh, then gripped the
hardened nipple between two fingers, and pinched it
gently. Casey gasped in surprise and excitement, her
body seemed to shudder against Valerie, and her ass
unconsciously shoved back a little, into Valerie's
groin.
     As soon as she felt the pubic hair of Valerie's
crotch pushing into her ass crack, Casey gasped in
wondrous pleasure and terror. She was sure she had given
herself away. What was worse, her body felt on the verge
of an orgasm ! She remembered the last time she had cum
in class when she wasn't supposed to, and tried
desperately to fight back her bodies desires.
     Valerie slid her hand down Casey's body, and 
between the girl's legs. Her hand, for the first time,
slid over Casey's pubic mound and squeezed it firmly.
Casey yipped in startled surprise, but was immediately
assaulted by a huge wave of intense sexual heat that
threw her body into turmoil.
     Valerie's hand squeezing her pubic mound was more
than her lust filled body could stand. She felt herself
shiver uncontrollably, felt her groin moving, pushing
forward and down against her teacher's hand. An
overpowering series of tremors shook her small frame as
Val's hand seemed to melt her insides, and turn the
liquid remains into a bubbling cauldron.
     Valerie rubbed her hand between the girl's legs,
her finger sliding along the slit, searching for the
clitty. She pressed her body into Casey from behind, her
other hand going around the girl and squeezing her
breasts.
     Casey groaned audibly, unable to keep her silence.
Her groin was humping down on Valerie's hand, her back
rubbing against her teacher's breasts. She felt
Valerie's groin pressing into her ass, and then as
Valerie found her clit and squeezed it solidly, she
exploded.
     "Gotcha." Valerie grinned, satisfied and proud of
her ability to manipulate the girl's body. 
     Casey jerked and squirmed against her. She felt the
heat of Casey's crotch pouring into her fingers, felt
her swollen breast push forward into the hand cupping
it. She rubbed against Casey's clitty, rasping her thumb
against the hard little nugget, and dipping her fingers
into the girl's hot honey hole.
     A low whimpering cry of confusion and elation
escaped the girl's lips. Her glistening buttocks pushed
backward, grinding into Val's crotch, as the Lieutenant
worked her hand against Casey's cunt. Val thrust her
index finger up into the girl's slimy cunt hole, hearing
Casey gasp in shock and surprise.
     Casey's body shook and twitched in the throes of
an overwhelming sexual release. She felt Valerie's
finger sliding between her cunt lips and moving into her
body with a sense of relief almost as strong as her
climax. She realized, even in the midst of her gut
wrenching climax, that Valerie had intended this, not
as a prelude to punishment, but as a sexual release for
herself, and wouldn't condemn her for her lust.
     The teenage fuck hole boiled in hot spurting
juices, and sucked desperately at Val's finger as she
worked it in and out. Casey's legs spread further apart,
allowing Val to slide a second finger up into the girl's
cunt slit.
     She jerked the girl around, delighted by the
astonished, dazed pleasure on the girl's face. Valerie
sized her face, in both hands, and kissed her. Her lips
mashed against the girl's and after a slight hesitation,
Casey returned the pressure.
     Their tongue's locked together as the water poured
down on them. Val's arms slid around Casey's waist, then
moved down to cup those delightfully soft ass cheeks.
Casey was too far gone to do anything but stand there,
her hands at her side as the lieutenant plunged her
tongue into her mouth.
     Val's leg pushed between Casey's thighs and rubbed
up against the girl's dripping cunt mound. She squeezed
and fondled the round ass cheeks firmly, then dipped her
hand down to grab Casey's and bring it to her own
crotch. 
     Casey's face was still a scene of wonder and
astonishment as Val rubbed the girl's hand up into her
crotch. She humped on the hand, loving the feeling of
the hot young skin caressing her pulpy cunt mound. 
Casey at last took over, running her hand against Val's
cunt with a puzzled look on her face, as if she didn't
quite know what was going on.
     Val bent forward, and seized Casey's right nipple
between her lips, sucking and chewing on the sensitive
little bud until Casey shuddered in delight, and her
trembling hand fell back again to her side. The two of
them slid to the floor of the shower room, Val pressing
the girl into the floor as she suckled and bit at the
two youthful breasts.
     "Lovely girl !" she whispered.
She moved down Casey's body to her groin, pressing her
face into it, delighting in the hot trembling warmth
between the girl's thighs. 
     She pulled Casey's right leg up in the air and then
over so the girl's lower body was almost on it's side.
She squatted between the girl's thighs then, lowering
her own crotch between the legs so she could press her
cunt full against Casey's.
     Casey stared up at her listlessly. When the two
cunts joined though, it was like an electric spark shot
between them. Casey's eyes opened wide in renewed
surprise, as Val rocked back and forth against her. The
two furry cunt mounds pressed, rubbed and ground against
each other sending both of them into a gasping
shuddering climax.

     Finally Casey, and a number of other girls
graduated, becoming Second Lieutenant's in the U.S
Marine corps. She was given her spanking new white
uniform, and sent to her first assignment.
     She was flown on a giant hercules cargo plane,
out to Japan to join the American marine contingent
there that was training the locals.
     The three marine pilots took full advantage, when
they found they had a Suzie on their manifest.
Although she didn't belong to them, Casey was at the
disposal of any Marine officer who wanted to use
her,and couldn't turn down their orders even were she
so inclined. 
     Even as the three men came out of the cockpit and
wandered back towards her, with lewd expressions on
their faces, her pussy began to heat up.
     "Take your clothes of slut." the captain ordered
nonchalantly.
     She stripped off her uniform without question,
as the admiring men looked on.
     "Now that's good fucking material." the co-pilot said.
     "Yeah, you can be sure we won't get young cunt like
this." said the flight engineer angrily.
     They pushed her to a bench where she sat happily
between the co-pilot and the captain as they fondled
and stroked her ripe young body. When the flight
engineer pushed his hand between her legs and squeezed
her pussy, she grunted and came all over him, showing
the delighted men, just how well conditioned she was.
     The plane was equipped with a floor hatch for
parachutists, and to Casey's dismay, she was force to
lie on her back, across the hatch, so her hands and
feet were at each corner. The officers then tied them
firmly in place, and opened the hatch.
     Casey gasped in fright as the five foot square
hatch dropped down beneath her, leaving her hanging
completely naked, held only by the bands of leather
on her limbs to the corners of the hole.
     Her head hung down, giving her a view of the
ocean far beneath them as the plane droned on, on
automatic pilot. Casey closed her eyes, and prayed the
bonds were well tied, as her arms and legs strained
against the sucking vacuum of air pulling against her
body. 
     Then the captain, knelt at the foot of the hole,
and using her body to support him, crawled out over
the hole. She gasped in pain as her shoulders and
knees popped against the strain of holding them both
aloft. 
     The captain was completely atop her, lying on
her, without touching the plane at all. He began
kissing her voraciously, as his hands encircled her
body, and stroked and kneaded the soft flesh of her
back and buttocks. 
     He grinned down at her impudently and reached
down to place his cockhead at the bald little slit 
between her spreadeagled legs. She groaned as his fat
cock slid into her. 
     Instantly her sexual passions flared alive,
overriding the pain from her wrist, ankles, arms, and
legs. She tried to hump up at him as he slid his cock
down deep into her belly and started to fuck her with
long hard strokes. 
     He was fully atop her, his legs dangling down
outside the airplane as he bounced and bucked against
her. His hands squeezed and fondled her upturned
breasts, and his teeth suckled against her throat and
ears. 
     His hands came down to squeeze her buttocks and
gripped them tightly for leverage as he pumped into
her. Casey swung into another orgasm as the Captain
drove his cockmeat in and out of the straining girl.
She shook in orgiastic ecstasy as her burning cuntpit
was blasted full of sperm.
     The captain rose, sated, his knees came down on
her belly, then he rose to stand on her stomach. She
groaned in pain, wondering if her arms would tear out.
     The captain walked up off her, his foot coming
down on her right breast and squashing it against her
ribs before he stepped off her and onto the floor of
the plane. 
     The co-pilot straddled her belly, his legs and
feet around her like he was riding a horse. Gingerly,
he moved upward, till he was right under her tits. He
squeezed them together, squashing and mashing the two
trembling tit mounds together. 
     He pushed his rigid purple cock between them and
started to tit fuck the girl. Casey whimpered, both
from the pain of her limbs, and the bruising pressure
he was putting on her breasts. 
     Still, she was conditioned to arousal no matter
what was done to her. She felt her breasts expand and
swell as they were mashed and rubbed together. Felt
with delicious excitement, his fat, juicy cock sliding
between her milk sacks.   
     His fingers pinched and twisted her hard,
distended nipples as he fucked and jerked against her
boobs furiously.
     "Like that, cunt?!" he gasped, as Casey whimpered and
grimaced beneath him.
     Abruptly he humped far forward, driving his
cockhead up against her lips as he fell across her
face. She immediately opened her mouth and sucked in
his oozing girl fucker. 
     He fucked down against her mouth like it was a
cunt, slamming his prick down her throat with hot
excited intensity. He twisted his body around, so he
was facing her cunt, and rammed his cock into her
mouth again, this time jumping out of the airplane,
and supporting himself by his arms grip around her
waist and his legs squeezed around her head. 
     He thrust himself balls deep into her throat,
delighting in the tight constricted food tunnel that
squeezed against his meaty cock. His face came down
on her bald, dripping cunt mound and he bit it
tightly, sending the Squalling crying blonde into a
tremendous orgasm that practically left her
unconscious. 
     She managed to keep enough sense of mind to
suckle fiercely on his driving prick. Her tongue
racing up and down the length of it as he pumped into
her face. 
     His hands squeezed her buttocks tightly as he
sucked on her cuntlips, slurping up girl juices, even
as his own prick gushed forth a stream of hot jism
into her throat.
     The flight engineer was eager to prove himself
as good as the other two, but he had something else
in mind. He slid atop the girl too, but then slid down
beneath her to hang from her waist as the others
looked on in surprise. His arms were tightly around
her, hands squeezing down with so much pressure, Casey
feared he would rip the fleshy cones off right her
chest.
     His legs were between her own and pushed apart
so they supported his lower torso with their pressure
on her legs. His feet were lodged between her ankles
and the walls of the hatch. 
     She felt his cockhead probing at her anus, but
neither of them could spare a hand to target it
properly. Finally the knobby cockhead caught in her
exposed hole and pushed inside. Just the head at
first, but then inch after inch slid into her asshole.
     "This is a fucking tight sweet little asshole!"
he shouted above the noise of the slipstream. He
humped his body upward, driving his cock deeper into
her shit tube, twisting his body around to jam every
last inch inside her. 
     Casey ignored the feeling of pressure on her
limbs as she felt his cock driving inside her. She
mewled in pleasure as ripples of hot, ecstatic joy
surged up through her bowels and into her guts. 
     He slammed his body upwards violently, cramming
his fuckpole deep into her rectum with each stroke.
He loosened his arms from her sides, so the entire
weight of his upper body was held only by the tight
hold of his fingers around her swollen tits. 
     Casey whined in pain, and thought she felt a
tearing sensation, as if her boobs were actually being
pulled off by the tremendous weight on them. Then her
body started to tremble and thrash against the weight
and bindings as she dove into another intense orgasm.
This time she was accompanied by the flight engineer
who hammered his cock into her with enough power to
rupture her permanently and sprayed wads of jism up
into her guts.


                    Part Seven

     They mercifully closed the hatch after
that, and Casey was allowed to lie on the bench and
recover for a few hours before she was called forward.
     There, she had to straddle each officer's seat
and work her hot, plump pussy mound down onto their
hardened dicks until they spurted their loads up
inside her.
     By the time the plane landed in Japan she had
come more than a dozen times easily.

     A car with a respectful marine private driving,
was waiting for her when she deplained, at the
military airport in Tokyo. She enjoyed the
airconditioned ride through the city, though she
thought it was rather dirty and noisy. 
     The car drove eventually through the guarded
gates of a large military compound, and around to a
square, two storey brick building with two sentries
standing in front. 
     "This is your residence Maam." the private said,
jumping out of the car and opening her door. She
winced at the sudden rush of hot moist air, and
blinked in the intense sunlight, as she stepped out. 
     The private got her bags from the trunk and led
her up to the front door of the building and past the
sentrys. The lobby was small, and square, like the
building itself. There was a reception desk set in the
middle of the floor and a Sergeant sitting there.
     "This's Lieutenant Donovan, Sergeant." the
private announced.
     "Thats fine, private, just leave the bags." the
Sergeant replied.
     He placed them on the floor next to the desk and
turned and left.
     "You're late." the sergeant scowled at her.
     She opened her mouth to protest, but he waved it off
before she could speak.
     "Save it. It doesn't matter, just so your here
in time for the party tonight."
     Another sergeant arrived, in answer to a button the
desk sergeant pushed. He looked Casey up and down with
professional assessment. 
     "Well at least they sent us a young one this
time." he told the desk sergeant, who nodded.
     "Not that we'll get a piece of it." he replied.
     "OK Donovan. Pick up your bags and lets go." he
ordered.
     Casey followed him down a narrow hallway to an
elevator, which brought them up to the second floor.
There they stopped at the door to a tiny room with a
pair of cots, a small bureau, and a big closet inside.
There were other clothes and things there already. 
     Casey dropped her bags on one of the cots as the
Sergeant showed her explained some rules she had to
follow.
     "Your roommate is Lieutenant Myers, who's working
overtime since the base is a girl short till now. Put
your stuff away and shower. There'l be someone here
to get you in an hour." he said.
     He closed the door behind him, as Casey opened
her bags and started putting her things in the drawers
and closet. Lieutenant Myers had a huge wardrobe,
including a lot of slinky evening gowns, and sexy
underwear. 
     Casey smiled at her foolishness. They were army
issue of course. She hoped she'd get to choose some
of her clothes. She preferred blue and green.
     Suddenly the door burst open behind her. She
whirled to find half a dozen grinning, laughing young
men crowded just inside the doorway looking her up and
down with excited interest. They were all marine
lieutenants.
     "Hot damn!" one said.
     "Nice piece! another agreed.
     "I can't wait to screw this one!" said a third.
     "Ha! Fat chance unless you can wait till the brass is
through with her." 
     "Hey girl! What's your name?" one demanded.
     "Donovan sir!" Casey answered, her pussy already
starting to heat up.
     "Get your clothes off Donovan." he said impatiently.
     " We want to see what you look like!"
     "Yeah strip it off baby!" another shouted.
     Casey obediently pulled open her uniform jacket,
which was held only by snaps, revealing her rounded
breasts, confined by a very tight thin shirt.
     "Ohh I like this!" one of the men exulted.
     Her skirt and shirt, in fact all clothes issued
to the Suzie's were designed to be pulled off quickly.
She pulled the skirt open and slid it off, then popped
open the shirt. She posed seductively for the
admiring, excited men, in her tiny lacy blue bra, and
matching g-string.
     They whistled and hooted as she turned slowly in
front of them, pushing her chest out, and then her ass
as she turned her back on them. She bent over
slightly, parting her legs, giving the excited group
a full view of her pretty ass.
     "What a fantastic little ass!"
     "I can't wait to fuck it!"
     "I bet it's tight!"
     She turned and smiled at them, then popped the
catch on her bra, opening it and letting her breasts
out free. The men whistled and sighed as they beheld
her high, firm breasts, and her tiny pink nipples.
     "I just gotta suck that!"
     "Yeah!"
     "I love tits!"
     "Fuck waiting! I'm gonna screw this little slut
right now!" one of them yelled, rushing forward.
     He knocked Casey backwards with the force of his
impact, as he threw his arms around her and buried his
face between her breasts.
     He half dragged her back to the bureau, as she
felt other hands at her stomach and ass, and thighs.
A hand she couldn't see, pulled her g-string down and
off, leaving her naked, to applause. 
     The man who had rushed forward first, pushed her
back across the bureau, his face mashing down on hers.
His hands squeezing and kneading her breasts, while
other hands stroked and squeezed up and down her body.
     She felt hands all over her, especially between
her legs, as hands pulled her ankles far apart, and
grasped, and clutched at her ass cheeks and pubic
mound. She grunted as two long fingers were driven up
inside her cunt tube. 
     "I get to break the whore in first!" a tall
redheaded man exclaimed. I'm senior." the others
reluctantly agreed, and he stepped between Caseys
splayed legs. 
     He pulled her ass downwards a little so it was
on the edge of the table. Casey's head, still hung out
over the other end of the table, as the first guy who
had touched her, continued to kiss, her face, and
suckle and squeeze her now much enlarged titties.
     "Look at these hard little nipples!" he said.
Proudly stepping back to display the erect nubbins to
his colleagues. Casey mewled in pleasure as the
redhead pushed the hard head of his rigid member
against her puffy bald cunthole and drove it deep
inside with a single forceful thrust.
     "Ohhhhh She's tight!" he groaned.
     "TIght and wet!"
     Casey squirmed on the table, as the fuckpole slid
back out then slammed back into her again. Soon the
redhead began pumping her cunt with furious, high
speed humps, that made his balls slap against her ass
cheeks, and rocked the bureau against the wall.
     His hips slammed repeatedly into her inner thighs
and groin, as he gasped in exertion and pleasure. His
hands gripped her waist, jerking her back and forth
like a lifeless doll, as he skewered her with deep,
raping thrusts. 
     "Take it you slut! Take my cock! Oohhhhh Man!"
he gasped.
     Another of them scurried around to the head of
the bureau and pushed his cockhead against her mouth.
Casey opened her lips eagerly and sucked the hard
prick deep into her mouth, then gulped inch after inch
of it down into her throat, as the officer groaned
and held her ears to keep her head down. 
     He began fucking her face, with fierce humping
jabs, that banged the back of her head against the
side of the bureau with each thrust. 
     Casey didn't care though, the addition of a
second cock to her body, sent her already seething
body, flying over the edge of a tremendous cum. The
redhead fucking her pussy, had to hold her legs as
they started to flip and jerk against him. 
     She gargled in unrestrained pleasure into the
cock reaming her throat. Girl juices gushed down her
fuckhole, to envelope and coat the massive cock
pistoning inside it. 
     "Uughhhhh! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna fill this
little whoooooore with jism!" the redhead groaned.
     Then he humped his groin forward, driving his pole
balls deep into her, his back arched, and his head
pulled back as he grimaced in release, and pumped wads
of cum down into Casey's hole.
     He stumbled away, and another officer immediately
took his place, cramming his meat into the glistening,
satiny smooth cunt slit. He almost came right away,
just at the sight of his reddened erection clasped
between those soft, pulpy cunt lips. 
     He threw his hips forward, watching excitedly as
his proud organ disappeared into the seemingly tiny,
little slit in the blonde girl's crotch.
He bent forward, bringing his mouth down on her left
breast, and sucking in her nipple and a big chunk of
flesh. He chewed her hard pebble happily. His teeth
nipping and twisting the tender flesh between them. 
     Then the man fucking Casey's face blasted his hot
load down into her throat, moaning in satisfied bliss
as she gurgled and drank down every last drop, then
licked his cock clean. 
     Another guy took his place and Casey slurped his
cock down into her mouth and then down her throat
happily. Her guts were heaving and churning with the
onset of a second orgasm as she worked her tongue up
and down the shaft of the penis. 
     The man fucking her stood back, his hands on her
hips, fingers clutching tightly, and began fucking her
with slow, hammering strokes. He poised just the head
of his erection inside her, then with a short
hesitation he jerked her whole lower body off the
bureau, and up to meet his cock just as he slammed his
hips forward, to impale her with the fuckpole. 
     Then he slowly slid his cock back almost all the
way out and repeated the manoeuvre. Each complete
stroke took almost five full seconds, and each made
Casey cry out soundlessly in pain and ecstasy as she
was repeatedly emptied and crammed with hot male meat.
     She trembled as she slid into another orgasm,
then her whole body shuddered with sexual fire as
storms of electric ecstasy exploded out of her abused
cunt and a roaring furnace of sensations rippled up
and down her torso.
     "Look at this hot little cuntpad!"
     "See her squirm!?"
     "What a BITCH!"
     "Hurry up so I can screw her!"
     The guy between her legs speeded up his hammering
fucking thrusts as Casey wiggled and her chest humped
up and down on the bureau top. Her mouth was like a
voracious vacume cleaner as she suckled frenziedly on
the cock embedded in her throat. 
     Her cunt was crackling with high tension
electricity. Her tits rippled back and forth in time
to the powerfull driving thrusts, and her hands opened
and closed repeatedly. Euphoria swallowed her mind,
turning her into jerking twitching blob of inflamed
flesh. 
     She rocked back and forth on her shoulders, the
only part of her body touching the bureau. Her mouth
suckled on the cock, trying to envelope every inch of
it and even suck in his hanging balls too. 
     "Suck it BITCH!" the man screamed, as his cum
exploded out the end of his cocktube and sluiced down
into her throat. He was practicaly riding her face and
head, jamming his cock brutally hard down her throat
as he groaned in happiness. 
     The man fucking her cunt grunted in time to his
fucks, then, as the man at her face, pulled wearily
out, his hand raced up her body to grip her hair
roughly, and jerked her whole upper body up off the
table, and forward, so he could mash his lips against
hers. 
     He was holding her aloft, cock buried up her
twat, her legs squeezed tightly around his waist, and
his arms encircling her back and head. His kiss was
bruisingly rough, and she felt his teeth cut her lips
as he jammed his tongue inside her mouth.
     He shoved her back against the wall, pushing one
of her legs way up in the air, so it was back against
her chest, and ploughed his cock in and out of her
gaping fuckhole with maniacle energy.
     Casey grunted, her eyes closed in weary shocked
bliss. Her head fell back weakly, to bang against the
wall, and her body quivered helplessly. His cock
thundered back and forth in the teenager's cunt pit,
as he slammed her body back against the wall with
bruising force. Then he gasped and jetted his cock up
into her guts in ecstatic release.
     "Come on, get out of the way and let me in
there!" the last man cursed.
He pushed aside his friend and grabbed Casey by the
hair, jerking her off the table, roughly, and slapping
her forward across the bureau.
     "I don't think I need any sloppy seconds." he
exclaimed, pointing his cockhead at her winking little
crinkled anus.
     "I'm gonna split these cheeks open and ream the little
bitch's asshole out for her!"
     "Haaaa!!"
     "Go to it man!"
     "YEah! Fuck her ASS!"
     "Your gonna like this ain't you Suzie!?"
     His cockhead pushed forward, smoothing out all
the crinkles in the little hole, pushing it open and
wider to admit his fat, rigid phallus. He kicked her
legs aside to open her even further, and humped his
body forward, pushing his cockhead past her sphincter
and into her little tube.
     "Man oh man is this little asshole tight!!" he
exclaimed.
     He could feel the asshole clasping and squeezing
tightly around his cockhead, and watched her asshole
clinging roundly to every miniscule ridge and
indentation of his manhood. 
     He thrust forward, driving several inches of cock
down into her rectum. Casey yelped in sudden pain as
her asshole fought to adjust to this intruding staff.
Then her asshole abruptly loosened and sucked in the
rest of his cock like it was pulling back a stool. 
     He felt his cockhead pulled deep into her guts,
and felt the twisting length of her asstube straighten
out to recieve his sceptre. He fought the suction to
pull his cock backwards, then thrust forward,
skewering her with his deep plunging cock.
     His hand came down on Casey's head, and grasped
a wad of hair to jerk her head and upper chest up off
the bureau top.
     "You like that split-tail?!" he demanded excitedly.
     "You like taking my cock up your asshole!!??"
     Her mouth hung slackly open, and her eyes were
bare slits as she dazedly nodded her head slightly in
his grasp.
     "Say it bitch! Say how much you love it!" he
demanded, ramming his cock high into her belly, and
bringing a cry of sudden pain from the girl.
     "Come on slut!"" he cursed, twisting her hair back to
pull her chest up and back in a bow. 
     "PP.pp.p.p.pleeeeeze!!" she whimpered.
     "Say how much you love it you piece of shit!!" he
gritted, jamming his meat up into her with vicious
force, and jerking her head back even more.
     "I..I..I Love it!!!" she whined.
     "I Love being assfucked! 
     "I love you fucking my asshole!!" she sobbed.
     He dropped her head with a curse, sending her
chest and face plunging back to strike the bureau with
a dull thump and crack. He grabbed both her thighs in
his big hands and tore her legs up and apart, yanking
them with powerfull force until she was practicly
doing the splits on the table. 
     His cock ripped in and out of her anus, skewering
her asshole, sending wretched pain and raptuous
pleasure boiling through her body, and flooding her
near senseless brain with overloading bursts of fiery
sexual sensations. 
     She lay there unmoving, except for his thrusts,
grunting like a mindless animal as the phalus impaled
her and flooded white jism up her anus and into her
guts.
     "That's a nice fuckin piece there!" she heard.
     "We oughta get more like that!"
     "Fuckin brass gets all the good meat!"
     The men did up their pants and departed, leaving Casey
sprawled over the bureau, gasping for
breath.

     "Why the fuck are'nt you ready yet you bitch?!"
a voice demanded.
     She looked up blearily, her vision swimming.
     "Oh for christs sake!" who's been screwing you?" it
said angrily.
     Casey focused her vision on a large, overweight
Sergeant, looming over her. His hand darted forward
and he jabbed several fingers up her cunt, then
withdrew them.
     "You stupid cow! Your so full it oughto be leaking out
your nose!"
     She murmured something unintelligible in
response, which only aggravated him more.
     "You can't go and see the General full of cum!" he
gritted.
     Casey cried out in sorrow and pain as his hand
lashed out and slapped her ass with a loud crack. He
lifted his hand and cracked it down again, then again
and again and again. The confused girl began bawling
piteously as her ass was spanked with fast hard
strokes, making the soft, tender flesh bounce and
redden.
     "Now get up!" he ordered sternly.
     "Get into the shower and clean yourself off, and I'll
try to find something to explain why your late!"
He jerked her off the table by the hair and flung her
across the room towards the bathroom door.
     It took her ten minutes just to recover enough
to turn on the water and step into the shower. Twenty
minutes later, when the Sergeant showed up again, she
was blow drying her hair in the mirror.
     "Hurry up will you!" he demanded.
He moved up next to her, towering over the girl, who
only came up to his chest.
     "Give me that." he sighed, pulling the dryer from her
shaky hands.
     "Stand up straight!"
     He stood in front of her holding the dryer
brushing her hair furiously, the bristles digging into
her scalp.
     He concentrated on his task, styling the hair
back and to the sides neatly. She stood there meekly,
as he fixed her hair to his satisfaction.
     "Good enough." he muttered, shutting the thing
off and putting it on the counter.
He grabbed her arm and dragged her out of the
bathroom.
     There was a gown on her bed, and he pulled her
over to it and picked it up, and took it off the
hanger. He held it in front of her as if measuring,
then nodded in satisfaction and dropped it back to the
bed.
     He picked up a g-string and knelt in front of her
briefly.
     "Foot up." he said.
     She raised her right foot and he slid the thin string
over it.
     "Other foot."
     She lowered her right foot and raised her left.
The sergeant slid the G-string up her legs and settled
the tight elastic band around her waist. The blue gown
went on next. It was a slinky, shiny thing shaped like
a the letter Y. The two arms of the Y enfolded her
breasts though it plunged deeply, and if she leaned
over, even slightly, it fell away from her chest
revealingly.
     They joined together at waist level in a single
strip of material that fell to below her knees. It was
just wide enough to cover her front and back, though
her thighs, and hips were bare, as were her sides, and
if she moved too quickly, the back part would show her
behind, nicely.
     The sergeant stepped back to scan her dress, then
nodded satisfied.
     "All right, let's go." he sighed.
     Casey followed along behind as he strode out of
the room and down the hall to an elevator. They
travelled down to the lobby, then across it to a much
better decorated section of the building. She could
hear music playing, which grew louder as they
approached a set of double doors at the end of this
hall.
     The sergeant and she pulled up in front of the
doors, where he handed her over to a small, skinny
little man, with a receding hairline, and a pencil
thin moustache, who was wearing a tuxedo.
     "Well it's about time." he said petulantly. His
voice was very high pitched and had a nasal whine to
it that Casey found instantly dislikeable.
He grabbed Casey's bare arm without a word and led her
through the doors. 
     There was a party in progress. A number of high
ranking officers were wandering around, glasses and
cigars in hand talking and laughing together, almost
always accompanied by a lithe young woman dressed in
a similar fashion as Casey. 
     He led her across the room past a number of small
groups to a table in the far corner. Four men sat
there, along with three young women.
     "General Morgan?" the little man said, in an oily
tone.
     "May I present Lieutenant Casey Donovan." he pushed
her forward subtlety.
     The man who was obviously General Morgan, looked
at her appraisingly, a slow satisfied smile spreading
across his lips.
     "Well, well, well. I must say, you are well worth the
wait darling." he enthused, rising to take her hand.
     "Come sit down right over here." he indicated an empty
chair next to his.
     "Why thank you General. I'm sorry I was late."
     "Think nothing of it my dear." he answered. "The best
things in life are worth having patience for."
Casey sat down next to him, eying the rest of the
table discretely.
     All of the men there were Generals, bedecked with
flags and ribbons. General Morgan was around fifty,
she guessed. Very tall, and heavily built. He had a
wide face, and flat, squared head, topped with very
short hair, starting to go grey.
     The party was nice. All the officers were nice,
and Casey and the other girls there, fawned and fussed
nicely for them. As the evening wore on, and the
drinks began to tell, the atmosphere began getting
more intense, with repressed sexual desires. 
     The talk of war turned to talk of sex, with many
of the officers commenting lewdly and obscenely about
their past exploits and their dates that night.
     General Thompson, to Casey's left, was the worst
at her table. He went into great detail of how he had
screwed a little vietnamese girl in the war there,
much to the delight of the other men at the table. 
     "Course she didn't have the tits this one has."
he laughed, his hand pulling open the front of his
date's dress and cupping a wide, fat nippled breast
tightly. 
     The girl, a large bodied, brunette, with green
eyes, sighed in pleasure, real or pretend, as his
fingers kneaded her breast. 
     "S'long as she's got three holes, who cares about her
tits." another of the men slurred.
     "Sit up here baby." General Morgan directed
Casey, patting his lap.
She rose from her chair and settled sideways, onto his
lap, one arm around his shoulder. 
     "Hmmmm, these look tasty." he murmured, peering
down at her breasts, exposed by her slouching
position.
     His hand slid under the strip of dress covering
her belly, and rubbed her stomach gently, before
dipping lower and rubbing and squeezing her pubic
mound through the g-string. His mouth pecked her cheek
from time to time, or nibbled gently on the side of
her throat, as his fingers twirled almost absently
around her groin.
     Casey began to lose track of the conversation as
those fingers began building up the heat in her guts.
Her head rested against the General's chest and she
purred almost like a kitten as he slid his fingers
into the little g-string and slid them slowly up and
down her bare slit.
     "Come on let's dance." he said.
     She didn't really hear him, but scrambled from his lap
as he started to rise and accompanied him as he led
her out onto the dance floor. 
     The music was slow, some kind of waltz she
figured, and the two of them moved slowly around the
floor. The General held her tightly against him. At
first his hand was on her back, but then slid down
onto her buttocks to cup them firmly, with one then
both hands. 
     Other couples on the floor were similarly
engaged, with one girl dancing completely nude with
a little bald headed Admiral.
     Morgans hands slid beneath the strip of clothe
to cup her naked ass cheeks. His fingers continuously
worked in and out, kneading and squeezing her fine
soft flesh. One hand slid down along her crack, and
then further to go right up beneath her crotch and cup
her pubic mound from behind. His head came down and
kissed the side of her throat as his teeth chewed on
her skin.
     "You got a nice, tight little ass Casey." he
sighed.
     "Thank you sir." she mewled.
     One of his hands came up and slid inside her top, to
squeeze her right breast. 
     The music ended, and they went back to their
table.
     Casey sat on his lap again, and he resumed his gentle
rubbing and squeezing of her pussy. 
     Casey trembled slightly from time to time, as
little orgasms shook her.
     "Why don't you take the little cunt around back
and plug her so she'll shut up?" one of the men
demanded, as Casey's sighs and gasps became louder.
     "I want her to be white hot, when I stick it to her
later." Morgan answered, gazing down at the wriggling
little blonde.
     He pulled Casey around so she was straddling him,
her back to his chest. This spread her legs more,
giving him greater access to her crotch. He looked
down the deep cup of her dress, to see her full meaty
bags rising and falling with her rapid panting
breaths.
     "Let's get this off you." he said easily, sliding
her g-string down and off.
     "Much better." he grunted. His hand stroked her belly,
and crotch, sliding along her thighs from time to
time. 
     His fingers dipped occasionally into her
throbbing love hole, sending the little blonde into
higher plateaus of pleasure.
     Casey sat slumped back against his chest, legs
sprawled wide apart as his hand worked between them.
The general seemed to ignore her except for his
insistent roaming hands. From time to time, he looked
down at her in satisfaction. 
     Even sitting on his lap, her head was well below
his. He undid the clasp at the back of her neck after
a while, so her the top of her dress collapsed,
leaving her naked from the waist up. Casey hardly
noticed such was the dazed erotic pleasure rippling
through her. 
     The constant small cums left her hotter with each
one, her pussy was desperate for a hard deep fucking
but was instead being continuously stroked and touched
by the General's teasing hands, which now began to
work on her rapidly swelling breasts as well.
     He played with her like she was a toy, finding
delight in each squirming moan, and shuddering
whimper. His hands circled and stroked the tender,
overheated skin of her tit orbs, making them twitch
and shiver. 
     Her little nipples stuck straight out like hard
little pebbles. When he finally squeezed her boobs
tightly, she gasped in joy and arched her back with
a small cum.
     "If you don't screw that little slut soon she's
gonna rape one of the dogs." a voice said cynically.
     "No hurry." morgan replied.
     His hand slid down over her neck, between her breasts,
and down over her trembling belly to cup her cunt
mound gently, then slide a finger up inside her.
     Casey moaned desperately, her cunt muscles
squeezed and sucked at his finger voraciously.
     Eyes closed, mouth wide, her head rolled back and
forth, as soft little sighs and gasps issued from her
mouth.
     "So what did you think of that Syrian General?"
Morgan asked one of his colleagues, seemingly
overlooking, the trembling teenager on his lap.
     "I think he's an asshole."
     Casey whimpered as the fire in her belly grew
higher and higher. Her breasts throbbed and pulsed in
time to her breathing as the thin layer of taught skin
fought to hold back the ever expanding tit flesh
beneath. 
     "All right honey, turn around and put it in."
Morgan sighed patiently, giving his friends a
suffering but tolerant look.
     Casey gasped and turned quickly around, her hands
diving into the General's crotch to undo his pants.
His organ was, astonishingly enough, still only semi
erect. She pulled it out into the light and rubbed her
hands up and down the wrinkled skin, squeezing it
between her sweating fingers until it expanded and
hardened.
     She rose slightly, squatting over his lap, to
place the head of his organ against her plump, juicy
cunt lips. Then she squeezed her legs together and
threw her crotch forward and down, impaling herself
on his meaty cock with a sound of joyful bliss.


                  Part Eight

     The cock thrust deep up into her belly,
slamming aside her tight, sodden pussy walls, and
skewering the small blonde so thoroughly, 
she exploded in an immediate blinding orgasm, and
simply sat there, clutching him tightly, and shivering
as her cunt walls clasped and sucked on his massive
tool with furious contractions. 
     As she the others at the table looked on with
interest, she began to hump against him, rubbing her
hot bloated breasts against his chest as she drove
herself up and down on his upthrust cock pole. 
     She pumped her ass up and down, his cock jabbing
up inside her with each downstroke, and bringing a
glad little cry of joy from her lips. His hands
stroked her back, occasionally sliding down onto her
rounded buttocks to give them a little squeeze. 
     She rocked back and forth, his fuck pole embedded
within her, as the fire in her guts spread and
intensified, turning into a roaring that drowned out
all thought and sound. Then her back arched so far it
crashed down on the table, and her whole body
shivered, and writhed through a blinding orgasm. 
     Shimmering waves of erotic gratification ripped
through her body. Even her toes and fingers twitched
as she trembled through furious slashing bolts of
searing ecstasy.
     The general squeezed her tits firmly, then bent
forward and seized one fat hard nipple between his
teeth to chew lightly on it. He sucked the nipple into
his mouth, continuing to bite and chew it as his hand
squeezed and twisted the other breast. Casey felt him
hump against her and knew his indifference was only
a ploy.
     Her head lashed back and forth desperately as she
roared through another climax, just as she felt the
General's cum exploding up into her belly. Thick globs
of white jism flowed into her as the General's excited
cock spurted out it's seed.
     She lay back supine, chest heaving with exertion,
as his cock softened within her. Her face a mix of
satisfaction and contentment.
     "Hot little bitch that's for sure."
     "She's got a cunt that could twist your cock right
off." Morgan panted.
     Casey looked up through a mass of hair that
covered her face and smiled exhaustedly.
     After she had recovered the men decided they
wanted to see a little show, so Casey and one of the
other girls, a slim little brunette with waist length
hair, lay on the table and sixty-nined. 
     The men sat enraptured as the two girls buried
their faces in each other's cunts and started to lick.
Casey was on the bottom, and looked up to see the
girl's bald slit descend onto her face. 
     She pushed her tongue up, feeling it slide along
the brunette's tight cunt sheathe and up onto her
clitty. She rasped her tongue up and down the slit,
then pushed it inside as she felt the brunette's
tongue glide along her own cunthole. 
     After they'd each cum several times, Morgan took
her off the table and led her by the arm out the doors
of the room and down the hall. She was almost
oblivious to her own nudity by now, and accompanied
the general happily, knowing she would get a good
fucking.
     They went into a small room, that was equipped
solely with a big double bed and a small table. Morgan
quickly stripped and jumped onto Casey who was laying
spreadeagled in the bed. His cock slammed down into
her cunt and began pumping furiously. 
     Casey grunted with each stroke, twining her legs
around the general and squeezing him tightly. His lips
met hers for the first time, sucking and demanding.
His tongue shot into her mouth, to slither over hers
as his hands encircled her, locking them in a snug
embrace. 
     His loins pumped down against her, stuffing her
hole full of meat again and again, until he came once
more and spewed his juices up inside her belly.
     She sucked him back to life easily. The
excitement of seeing her suck in his entire cock right
to the balls almost made him come immediately. Instead
he pulled her mouth away, wanting to fuck her again. 
     He turned her around and pulled her to her knees
then entered her from the rear. Casey mewled like a
cat in heat as his fuckpole slid into her cunt tube
and began thrusting in and out. 
     She jabbed her ass back against him, meeting each
thrust. Her breasts swung back and forth obscenely
until his hands left her hips and slid down onto her
hanging sacks to squeeze them tightly.
     His groin slapped repeatedly, with a dull wet
smacking sound against her sopping cunt mouth and
groin, as his prick slid back and forth within her.
     "Hot little slut!" he gasped.
     "Pump that little ass!" he panted, slapping her
jiggling ass cheeks.
     His hands slid down onto her hips and began
jerking her back and forth with greater speed and
power as his cock churned away inside her belly. 
     Finally he moaned, as his cock erupted in hot
wads of cum. He firehosed his jism deep into her guts
as her clutching sucking cunttube gulped it all down
ravenously. 
     Casey whimpered, then began to grunt and gasp in
pleasure as she came again also. Her face and chest
collapsed onto the bed as she hugged her arms tightly
around her chest, squeezing her tit mounds tightly,
and humped back against him.
     Casey's apparent job here at the base, was to be
General Morgans aide and secretary. He had a male
officer to do all his work for him, though. And Casey
seldom had the time. 
     Since she was not assigned solely to the General,
but had many other officers to please, she was
normally up most of the night, and slept, when she
could, in the day time.
     When she was called over to act as his secretary,
it was normally either to be bent across his desk and
fucked thoroughly, or to impress some visiting officer
or dignitary.
     One day, the General felt magnanimous towards a
young sergeant. Casey didn't know why. She considered
anyone not an officer, to be beneath contempt. But
this Sergeant, Dave was his name, had apparently done
something that pleased the General, and as a result,
Casey, and another girl, named Anne, were given to him
for an evening. 
     He was eager to take advantage of that. When he
brought the two naked girls back to his room, there
were two other Sergeants waiting.  "Jaysus!" one of
them sighed, ogling Casey admiringly. 
     "Aint she somethin' Mark?"
     "I'll say, an' this one aint bad either." He moved
against Anne, who was an older girl, with large, proud
breasts, and long, silky brown hair.
     Both Dave, and Mark were around thirty or so, and
very muscular and fit, as befitted Marine sergeants.
Dave was at least Six-four, while Mark was probably
just under six feet tall.
     The third man was about forty or so. He had very
short hair, a crew cut almost, and was beefy and going
a little fat. "Nice little piece!" he breathed, his
eyes feasting on Casey.
     "She don't look big enough to take my cock." he said.
     "My name is Jack, sweetheart." he squeezed her crotch
roughly and laughed.
He was shorter than the other two, and kind of skinny.
     Hands grabbed her from behind, and pulled her
around. She opened her mouth in startlement just as
Dave's face came down against hers and his lips mashed
into her. His hands practically lifted her in the air
as he bent over to kiss her, and jam his tongue
between her lips.
     His hands shot around her and down onto her
cupcake buttocks, squashing the soft flesh between his
big fingers. Casey squirmed in his grip as she felt
a finger thrusting up into her still aching asshole.
     "Hot little slut." Dave breathed. 
     He pushed her backward and Casey stumbled half
way across the room until she banged against the
dining room table. Dave unceremoniously lifted her up
onto the table, shoving her backwards, and yanking on
her legs to pull them up and open. 
     "I'm gonna plug this little fuckpad real good."
he laughed. Casey's mewling protests, and feeble
efforts at resistance went ignored as the others
laughed and made disparaging remarks about Dave's
manhood.
     He dropped his pants to the floor and pulled down
his jockey shorts to reveal a darkly reddish penis
already swollen with blood. He gripped it in his hand
and rubbed the head up and down against Casey's puffy
little cunt mound. 
     Dave pushed his hard cockhead against Casey's
tightly closed little cunt slit. 
     "Let's see how tight you are babe." Jack said to
Anne. He slid his hand down her back and gripped her
buttocks tightly. Anne giggled and turned toward him
and the two kissed passionately. 
     Casey gasped as Dave's meaty prick pushed its way
into her cunt tunnel, and he shoved forward. Six inches
of cock slid down into her in one stroke. Dave heard the
gasp, and looked her in the face with a ferocious grin.
     "Like that baby? Wait for the rest of it ! I'm gonna
fuck your tight little cunt till your ears leak with my
cum."
     "Promises promises." Mark snorted. He was standing
at the side of the table. He grabbed hold of Casey's
wriggling hands and held them above her head with one
hand, as his other slithered across her breast meat,
fondling and stroking the silky skin.
     Dave grunted, and lurched forward again, slamming
his cock, balls deep into the tight teenage pussy in
front of him. "Jesus Christ this is a hot little
cunthole !" he exclaimed. "It's liable to tear my prick
right off!"
     His hands held Casey's legs, high up on her thighs,
his fingers completely encircled the girl's slim legs,
and he used them as leverage to jerk her body forward
and back as he began thrusting into her in earnest. 
     Jack had Anne down on her knees on the floor, and
was positioning his hard erection at her cunt hole as
she gasped and urged him on. Her tits hung down like cow
udders as Jack skewered her with his prick.
     Casey felt every inch of Dave's cock sliding in and
out of her soft skinned cunt tunnel.
     Her skin began to feel electric as Dave's prick
rubbed back and forth against her vaginal lips and tiny
clitty. 
     She turned her head to the side to see Anne getting
fucked doggie style by Jack. She could see that, though
he was smaller than the other two men, Jack had a very
large penis, larger than the one Dave was thrusting in
and out of her crotch hole. She was grateful that he was
using it on Anne instead of her. She was'nt sure she
could cope with something that big.
     Her body was slipping back and forth on the
polished table with the increasing force of Dave's
fucking. His cock was ripping in and out of her little
cunt with very short rapid strokes as Dave gasped in
pleasure at her tightly clutching pussy walls.
     "Man-o-man-o-man-o-man." he gasped, driving his
cock far into the girl's slit. His hands shoved her legs
backwards, up against her chest, thus making her
cunthole even tighter against his pistoning meat. "I...
love...  this... cunt... !" he panted in time to his
thrusts.
     "Don't wear it out man." Mark grinned.
Casey was fairly bouncing around on the table as her
body was violently reamed and impaled by Dave's
furiously fucking cockpole. His hips pounded against her
splayed thighs, making the girl grunt in pain.
     Then Dave drove his cock deep into Casey's burning
cunt tunnel and stiffened all over. He stopped breathing
as the waves of orgasmic ecstasy rushed over him. All
feeling was centred in his penis as fuck juice spurted
repeatedly out the tiny round tip and gushed down into
the sucking depths of Casey's hungry cunt.
     Then he collapsed forward onto the girl, his lips
seeking hers in a tight embrace. His tongue slamming
into her mouth to wriggle around like a live snake. His
chest crushed her to the table, as his hands tore
through her hair, and raced up and down her body.
     He gave one final thrust, allowing the teenage
crack tunnel to squeeze out the last of his cum before
pulling his already softening prick out of her and
staggering aside. "That is one tight little twat." he
gasped.
     Casey lay there unmoving as Dave leaned against the
table to catch his breath. Her cunt was slightly aroused
by the fucking. She had come here determined not to get
excited around mere enlisted men, but time was starting
to work against her. She could hear Anne groaning and
moaning on the floor next to the table, and turned her
head to see her and Jack still going at it like rabbits.
     No... Like dogs... she had seen dogs fucking like
that before on a sidewalk near her home. Anne was down
on all fours as Jack half knelt behind her, half lay
atop her, his cock ramming in and out of her cunt mouth.
     Then her observations were interrupted as Mark
stepped between her legs. He had removed all his
clothes, unlike Dave who had merely dropped his pants
down to his ankles. Fucking was a serious thing to Mark,
and he intended to be properly prepared. 
     Casey sighed, and then looked casually downward
between her spread legs. She gasped in surprise, and her
eyes went wide. She looked closer, sure that she had
made a mistake. Mark's cock was... was... she blinked
in astonishment. "Like that, little girl?" Dave leered
from beside his friend.
     Mark's cock was not only enormous, easily fatter
than her fist, and longer than anything she had yet been
fucked with, but was painted, or tattooed. It was
multicolored, and had little rings around it like a
ruler, with numbers next to the rings. 
     Mark held it proudly upright for her examination.
Each ring was about an inch long, and as she looked in
stunned disbelief she counted, one... two... four...
eight... ten... twelve... !" She gulped in fear, trying
to edge backwards on the table. The two men laughed, and
Mark rubbed his big prickhead against her hairless
little cunt crack.
     "Wait for us !" Anne and Jack had finished their
fucking while Casey had been staring at the big cock
sticking out from Mark's crotch. They scrambled tiredly
to their feet, to stand around the table where they
could get a good look at the contact between Mark's
prick and Casey's slit.
     Dave held her right leg far open, while Jack held
her left. Anne moved to the other side of the table and
grasped Casey's wrists, holding them above her head.
Mark held his cock in both hands and pushed it's pointy
tip towards the girl's cunt. 
     "GGGGAAARRRRGGGHHHHHHHH !!!" Casey groaned, as Mark
pushed aside her cunt lips, ramming his cock head hard
against her slit. Slowly, the monster cock penetrated
the lightly oiled pussy. Bit by bit, as Casey gritted
her teeth and struggled against the hands holding her,
the cockhead penetrated her body. 
     She felt her cuntlips spread wider and wider, felt
the enormous tension as the immense prong pushed into
her, forcing her cuntlips further back, opening her cunt
mouth to a diameter she had never imagined possible
short of child birth.
     Her mind spun with pain and fear as the cockhead
pushed into her. She was sure her cuntlips would rip,
that she would be torn open by the monstrous fuck pole.
She heard a pleased gasp from the four adults, and the
pressure on her cuntlips lessened slightly. 
     She looked down to see the cockhead enveloped by
her cunt. Could, in fact feel it's swollen fullness
inside her cunt tunnel. "Thats two." Anne breathed.
Mark shoved forward, and Casey jerked against the hands
holding her as more of the cock drove into her body.
     "Three !" laughed Dave. 
     "Four!" Jack said.
     "Five!" Anne giggled.
     Casey felt like she was being ripped in half, like
her groin was being cut apart, split up the middle by
a horrible spear of pain that jammed itself ever further
into her belly. Never had her cunt felt so tight, so
full and bloated. 
     "Six!"
     "Seven !... Eight!... Nine!"
     Her whole body was shivering and writhing against the
table as Mark continued to press into her. His cock
drove deeper and deeper into the small teenager's body,
his powerful erection sliding into her crack like a
snake pushing into a wormhole.
     "Ten!... Eleven!"
     She felt the cockhead ramming up against the end of her
cunt pit, but still it thrust down into her. Like the
irresistible force against the immoveable object, it
continued to press harder and harder, until it seemed
to slip past or to the side of whatever was blocking it
and slammed up into an area of her guts she had never
before felt.
     She twitched and jerked spastically, her mouth
whining and babbling in pain and woozy confusion. 
     "All the way !" a voice yelled.
     "No he's not, theres still a bit left."
     Ann slid her hand down to the join between the cock and
pussy, her fingers going around Mark's prong, and her
face bending forward to look from inches away.
     "Give her to me!" Mark gasped.
     They let go her arms and legs, which Casey no longer
hand control over anyway. Mark lifted her off the table.
His huge fingers slid around her waist, completely
encompassing the thing body of the teenager. His fingers
joined together around her back, and his thumbs pressed
against each other over her belly button.
     His hand then went around her ass and he jerked her
up in the air against him. Casey's head lolled forward
against his chest as he bent his body backwards, the
girl still impaled on his upward thrusting monster cock.
     He lowered his body slightly, bending his knees,
then suddenly sprang upward, jerking the small teenager
up in the air. Six or seven inches of hard cockmeat was
ripped out of her cuntmouth as Casey was yanked upward,
then Mark, with the help of gravity, slammed the girl
back down, even as he thrust upwards with his groin. 
     Casey screamed as the enormous fuck pole ripped up
into her cunt tunnel and into her womb itself. Her groin
came crashing down against Mark's, her legs flopping to
the sides, her upper body slamming against his chest.
There were gasps of disbelief and excitement from the
others as they witnessed the impalement of the pretty
blonde girl.
     Mark bent again, then threw Casey upward. This time
eight or ten inches pulled free of the constricting
walls of her cuntal cavity. Again she was jerked back
downward, and violently impaled upon the massive penis.
Again,... and again,... and again Mark threw the blonde
up and jerked her down. 
     Casey was flung up and down like a lifeless rag
doll. Her cunt was reamed and ripped by the monster cock
she continually fell upon. Her mind was driven into a
small corner, overpowered by the pain and shock of the
forceful penetrations. 
     Yet roiling and tossing amid the maelstrom of pain
was a churning windmill of sexual energy and heat,
activated by the furious rasping, tearing movement of
the prick within her. Her cunt loosened, marginally.
Girl juices poured down into her shocked fuck tunnel.
Her arms, quite instinctively, locked around Mark's
neck, trying to hold herself in place. 
     Her legs tried several times, before succeeding it
folding around his waist. This lessened her movement as
he flung her upward, but not by much. Her groin
continued to be jerked and yanked up and down. Her pussy
was churned and squeezed by the prick embedded within
it.
     Mark fell backwards onto a chair, pulling the girl
atop him. Her body dropped down onto his, her twat
skewered as it enveloped his massive prong.
                  

                 Part Nine

     Casey felt the monster penis throb and
pulse within her silky cunt tunnel. Little cries and
mewls of stupefaction came from the bewildered girls
mouth as she was assaulted by wave upon wave of high
tension sexual pleasure that  surged out of Mark's cock
and seeped into every fibre of her being.
     She was almost unaware, so centred on her cunt was
she, when Jack stepped behind her and pushed his raging
hardon against her crinkled anal opening above her
crammed cuntal cavity. Her ass spread wide, her buttocks
up and out, his cock had little difficulty, especially
with the power his excitement leant him, penetrating her
rectal cavity and punching down into her guts. 
     Casey's eyes opened even wider. She seemed to
shiver all over, and her cunt pressed even harder
against the huge cock inside her belly. A long low moan
of utterly mindless pleasure oozed out of her mouth. It
was like the wind whipping through a crack in a door
frame. A continuous moan that rose higher and higher,
until the girl was shrieking in furious, raging ecstasy
and gratification.
     Her body spasmed continuously, writhing and jerking
between the two men. Her head banged up and down against
Mark's chest as a blinding hurricane of sensations tore
apart her mind and sent it spinning helplessly through
a mad vortex of raging ecstasy and pleasure. 
     Marks cock exploded, and cum firehosed up into her
belly, washing her womb out with its hot salty juices.
He threw his arms around the teenager to hold her tight
against him as her cunt sucked and jerked on his
cockpole, ripping the squeezing the sperm out of it with
its powerful cramp pull.
     Casey grunted continuously, her body twitching and
jerking in Mark's tight embrace. Her entire body turned
crimson   then white, then red again. Jack groaned and
stuffed his organ deep into her asshole, spewing forth
his cum juice, pumping it up into her bowels as he
groaned in satisfaction.
     Inside Casey's body and mind, pandemonium reigned
as tornadoes of immense power tore back and forth
through her brain. Her body vibrated to the furiously
pounding heart that sent blood pumping through her veins
at a furious rate. Every nerve ending in and on her body
screamed and howled in gratification.
     Mark and Jack pumped more and more sperm into the
wriggling thrashing teenager, their cocks sucked and
drained by the vacuuming holes enveloping them.   
Casey gurgled a final time, her mouth gargling an
inhuman sound, and then the dazed teen dropped senseless
into the blackness of unconsciousness.
     "H... H... Ho... Holyyyyy GAaaaaaawwwwwd !" Jack
groaned. "What a cunt ! What a cunt !" Mark panted.
"Shit ! Are you sure she's still alive !?" Anne
exclaimed.
"Her hearts pounding like a jackhammer." Mark sighed,
cradling the girl in his arms as Jack pulled his cock
from her clutching asshole.
     Anne and Dave pulled the unconscious teenager off
him, her crack slipping off his softened penis easily.
They lay her down on the rug, her legs still spread
apart, her head lolling to the side. "Look at that
cunt!" Anne gasped.
     Casey's slit was now a gaping oval hole in her
crotch, big enough for the woman to slide three fingers
into without touching the sides. But even as they
watched, the tunnel slowly recovered and the pussy walls
pulled together to leave the same small crack in her
crotch as before.
     "Young cunts like that could take a fence post and
still be tight after." Dave remarked.
"She's good for a lot of fucking yet." Mark sighed.
But they were only enlisted men, Casey thought
dizzily.

     Her duties with the General went on for about six
months, then one day she recieved new orders. She was
being transferred. They didn't bother to tell her where
of course. She was simply packed away on another cargo
plane, with the few little knick knacks she called her
own, and sent to her new post.

     To her surprise she recognized the camp, although
it was not the one she started out at. She was at her
own home camp! The one her father and she lived at
before she joined the marines. 
     She hoped she would be given a chance to see her
family while she was here. She wondered if they'd
recognize her in her uniform. Her hair had lengthened
fonsiderably too, it now brushed her shoulders.
     She was met and driven to the suzie compound by a
young marine. It was much bigger and better equipped
than the one in Japan. The walled in compound contained
a large man made lake where marine officers, acompanied
by naked suzies, lounged around in comfort, basking in
the heat. 
     There were a number of small islands just right
for having heated sex on. Inside were saunas, hot tubs,
massage rooms, and banquet halls, as well as lavishly
equipped rooms for using the girls.
     Casey barely had a chance to unpack when she
recieved word on the intercom to prepare herself and go
to one of the sex rooms. She showered quickly and
hurried down to the room. 
     It was done up comfortably. It was made up to look
like a little girl's room. There were girlish posters
on the walls. The big four poster bed was covered in
pink and white chintz , and there were dolls and teddy
bears scattered about. 
     She put on the baby doll top and panties she found
there and got into bed. She turned off the lights and 
dozed a little waiting for the officer to come in. She
knew she was a substitute for his own daughter. The
officers who chose this room had a hardon for their own
girls, and used this as instead.
     The door opened, brightening the room momentarily,
then closed. She kept her eyes closed, pretending to be
asleep. She felt him approach the bed and then sit down
on it next to her. She lay on her back, the covers up
to her chin. 
     She felt the covers slowly pull back. The slid down
off her body till she was completely uncovered to him.
Still she kept her eyes closed, though she peeked a
little. She couldn't see anything but shadows anyway.
     She could hear his breathing as his excitement
mounted. Then a hand gently slid over her breast, over
the thin top. It pressed against her breast very
lightly, then squeezed just a bit. Ever so slowly it
slithered down off the mound and down over the naked
skin of her belly. 
     It stroked the soft, warm skin for a minute, then
moved further down onto her panty covered abdomen and
down over her crotch. Again it squeezed lightly, before
moving down and stroking her legs and inner thighs. She
felt the hand tremble slightly as it stroked her skin,
then it was removed.
     She felt a hand at her top again. The top could be
untied in the middle, and the man proceeded to do just
that. Again he was very slow and gentle, as if not
wanting to wake her. 
     She felt her top opening up. Felt the sides
parting, being pulled aside so her naked breasts could
be viewed. Still she lay unmoving, breathing full, even
breaths as if asleep. 
     She felt a hand on her left breast. It squeezed
her breast slowly, then the fingers slid onto her nipple
and pinched it very delicately. Casey felt a tingle in
her loins as the scenario unfolded. The little play was
exciting her too.
     The hand covered her breast, squeezing it and
stroking the skin. Then she felt a hot shaky breath next
to her right boob, and then a tongue slithered onto her
nipple and licked it gingerly. The tongue slid around
her breast for a minute then returned to her nipple and
she felt his lips encircling the now erect little nub. 
     He pressed his mouth over her nipple and suckled
on it softly. Casey moaned helplessly, though it did
not phase the man. It could be interpreted as part of
the play anyway. His hand continued to lightly squeeze
her left breast as his mouth suckled on her right.
     After a few minutes he withdrew slightly, then she
felt his hands sliding feather like, down over her ribs,
and over her belly to the wasitband of her panty. His
hand slid beneath the elastic and down over her abdomen
and onto her bald pubic mound. His fingers slid up and
down her slit gently, then one finger dipped slightly
inside before the hand withdrew. 
     She felt his fingers grasp both sides of the
wasitband and very slowly peel the thin panty down over
her hips. She helped by raising her ass off the bed very
slightly, and unnoticeably. The panty slid off her hips
and down her legs, to be pulled off her feet. 
     She lay there completely naked now, her skin
flushed and her cunt boiling at the slow teasing game.
His hands pulled her legs apart by a gentle insistent
pull on the ankles. When her legs were wide apart, she
felt his hand return to her crotch. He started stroking
and squeezing her pubic mound, very lightly, then she
felt his mouth against her and trembled with
anticipation. 
     His tongue licked lightly along her slit, up and
down it went, very slowly and softly. Then it pushed
with greater force, dipping a little inside the velvety
lips of her twathole. It flickered over her little clit
repeatedly, driving her mad as she fought to show no
reaction and her belly boiled with lust and desire. 
     Slowly he licked up her body, his tongue sliding
all over her abdomen and belly and then up over her rip
cage to her breasts. He was using more force now, as his
own excitement took over. 
     His naked body slid up her own, she felt his weight
settle over her as his mouth sucked and chewed on the
side of her neck. His hands were squeezing her breasts
with heavy pressure now and she felt his meaty erection
against her belly. She figured nobody would be expected
to sleep through this so she pretended to waken.
     "H..Huuuhhhh?" she said groggily.
     "I...Is T..that you Daddeeeee?" she asked in a little
girl voice.
     "Ssshhhhhh." was the soft reply.
     His mouth slid onto hers and his tongue moved past her
parted lips and into hers. His body settled firmly atop
her and his hand reached down for his penis and placed
the tip against her oozing pussy slit.
     "Dadddeeeeeeeeeee!" she complained softly. "I feel
so funny down there!"
He didn't reply, pulling her mouth back to his and
pushing downward with his hips. His cockhead pushed
against her vaginal lips and shoved them aside. 
     Slowly and gently it slid down into her cunt
sheath, the fat rigid penis pushing into the blonde
teenager with delightlfull warmth and dignity. His
cockhead slid up against her cervix and she felt his
balls against her tight buttocks as he sank all the way
in. 
     His hands squeezed and kneaded her swollen breasts
as their mouths mashed together passionately. Casey felt
her lust rise even higher, felt herself approaching her
first orgasm. 
     The cock began to slowly pump inside her. Very
slowly it eased back out and then slid back in. She
moaned softly, and shivered in happiness.
     "OOOooooooo its so big daddeeeeeeee!" she whined.
     The cock began thrusting into her faster and with
more force. His head came down and suckled ferociously
on her right breasts, his hands slid under her and
gripped her satiny buttocks in tight fingers, squeezing
and kneading them. 
     His cock churned within her as he slid a finger up
into her asshole, and crammed his cock furiously into
her. Casey gasped and then grunted in pleasure as she
climaxed under him.
     Her body spasmed and her groin humped back up at
him as she was engulfed in the throes of carnal bliss.
     Suddenly the lights came on. Casey looked up
through blinking, blurred eyes and gasped anew as she
recognized the marine officer atop her. It was Dennis
Elwood Donovan. Her own father! 
     He smiled softly down at her and began humping his
groin down against her again. His pulsing cock slid in
and out of her quivering wet vagina. 
     "Daddy!" she cried in shock and happiness.
     "My little baby!" he murmured.
     "I've wanted to do this for so long now."
     He lunged forward, driving his cock balls deep inside
her and dropped his mouth onto her left breast to suck
and chew on her erect nipple.
     His head rose again and his arms slid around her,
his hand in her hair and the other around her waist as
he held her tightly against him. 
     "Fuck me dadddyyyyyy!" she groaned.
     "I will baby. I will." he whispered.
     His cock thrust deep into her hole, and pumped in
and out with fast full strokes. Casey groaned as her
second climax approached. Then she whimpered as she slid
over the edge and fell twitching and shaking into a
deep, soul satisfying orgasm of enormous length. Her
father spurted his jism repeatedly into her belly as his
own cum overtook him and they climaxed together.
     "I missed you Daddy." she smiled after she had
recovered her breath. He had rolled off her, lying next
to her on the bed. His arms encircled her, pulling her
next to him as they lay together on their sides. 
     Her buttocks pressed against his crotch as his
flaccid penis recovered from it's excitement. 
     "My little baby." he whispered.
     His hand slid down over her belly to her pubic mound
and slid absently up and down her slit.
     "I missed you too Casey." he said.
     "Why didn't you tell me what would happen if I joined
the marines?" she wondered softly.
     "I couldn't tell you baby. Nobody knows except the
corps. I would be betraying the corps if I told anyone
else, even you."
     His mouth kissed her cheek softly, then nibbled
under her ear and along the side of her throat. She
squirmed a little against him, her buttocks pressing
more firmly into his groin as his fingers danced along
her cunt slit. He pinched her clitty gently, making her
groan in pleasure.
     "I've wanted to fuck you since you were twelve
years old Casey." he confessed. When you said you were
going to join the corps, I tried to talk you out of it,
but I couldn't"
     "Now somebody else took your cherry." he said sadly.
     She sighed her hands gripping his and pressing it
more firmly against her cunt. His other arm squeezed her
breasts lightly.
     "A girl fucked me with a big dildo first." she said
sadly.
     "What a waste." he murmured. 
     His hand squeezed and rubbed at her cunt, sending
the little blonde into a seething frenzy of aroused
nerve endings. Her ass humped against his crotch as he
dug his fingers into her cunt. A finger, then two, slid
up into her. 
     She writhed against him, then gulped in air and
shivered all over.
"Cum for me baby." her dad urged.
She did, grunting and then groaning loudly as she jerked
herself off against his fingers, her gooey cum juice
dribbling out over his fingers as he pumped them inside
her. 
     "My sweet little baby Suzie." he whispered happily.
     Then the door opened and four more men entered.
All were marine officers. She looked up at them and
smiled in welcome. Thee were her uncles and the fourth,
her older brother.
     Her dad sat back on his heels and watched fondly
as Casey was covered with his brother's body and writhed
beneath him in orgiastic bliss. He watched his brother's
big cock push against her slithole and then disapear
inside the girl. Her uncle fucked into her methodicly. 
     As her dad watched, his cock sliced in and out of
Casey's little bare cunt slit. Her dad grinned as he
watched her eyes roll back in her head and then her
mouth open in an ecstatic groan of release as she came
again. 
     Casey got off the bed and strutted around for the
men, posing and modelling her lovely naked body before
their admiring eyes. 
     "She has such a beautiful round ass." said her brother.
She smiled shyly at him in gratitude.
     "Why don't you fuck it then Danny boy." one of her
uncles laughed.
Her brother laughed too and pushed Casey down on the
bed.
     "Just lie flat Case." he told her.
     He spread her legs apart and pushed his penis
against her tight little wrinkled opening. Casey
loosened her muscles to help his entry as his cock
plunged down into her asshole all the way to the bottom.
     "It's sooooooo tight!" he marvelled.
Her dad, still sitting on the bed stroked her hair, and
she looked up at him and smiled breathlessly as her
brother began to fuck his cock in and out of her rectum
with fast, pistoning strokes. 
     She grunted in time to his thrusts and wiggled her
ass as much as she could. His cock rasped back and forth
in her little round hole, driving her into excited gasps
of passion. His hands came under her and squeezed her
breasts tightly, his fingers stroking and clutching his
sister's tit flesh so it oozed out between them. 
     His hips smashed down against her lovely white
buttocks making a soft slapping noise as the other men
looked on excitedly. "Ream her out boy!" one of her
uncles urged.
     He grunted and then lost control. His cock seemed
to swell even more and then exploded deep inside her.
He groaned loudly as he sprayed her insides with his
seed.
     "Thanks Case." he panted. He rose, pulling his cock
out of her opening and patted her on the ass.
     Casey then rose to her hands and knees, baring her
crotch to the excited men. She turned around and looked
at them coyly, then dropped her head and shoulders to
the mattress, her tits squashed under her and her ass
lay open and inviting as her uncles laughed in
appreciation.
     Her second uncle knelt behind her and thrust
himself into her cunt. He pumped for several minutes as
Casey purred like a cat and rammed her ass back against
him. She moaned and came again as his cock hammered away
inside her. 
     She rubbed her titties against the mattress,
squashing them flat, as she shuddered through an
extended orgasm. Her uncle gasped as her clutching cunt
squeezed and sucked on his prick and he exploded deep
inside her belly. She felt his hot juices flooding down
into her belly and sighed in pleasure.
     Her third uncle took his place and began fucking
her in the same manner, while her Dad sat in front of
her, his legs to either side of her head. He pulled her
face up a little and placed his erect cock against her
lips. She sucked it down deep into her throat, deep
throating him with loving passionate sucking motions. 
     He sighed in delirious pleasure. The feel of his
daughter;s lips around his cock driving into a premature
ejaculation. Casey didn't mind, she drank down his sperm
happily, slurping and sucking on the salty juice, and
cleaning off his cock with her soft rasping tongue.
     Her uncle was slamming his cock in and out of her
cunt furiously, then he pulled out, and placed the
cockhead against her winking asshole. The sight of the
deep indentation between her buttocks, with the winking
crinkly anus peeking up at him, was too much for him to
resist. 
     His cock plunged down into his niece's rectum with
one smooth thrust. He pumped it in and out as the other
men watched the girl fondly. Then Casey whined and began
humping back furiously. Her asshole squeezed and tore
at his girl fucker as her sucking cavern gulped down his
entire penis and then spasmed around it. 
     They both spewed at the same time,and then her
brother had to fuck her again. This time in the
missionary position. It felt extremely strange to Casey
as their lips locked together. Kissing her brother was
so wonderful, yet she wouldn't have dreamed of doing it
a year ago. 
     She threw her legs up around him, jerking him
tightly against her. He slammed into her crotch and
stabbed her repeatedly until his cock ruptured inside
her. 
     Then her first uncle sodomized her in that same
position, pushing her ankles up onto his shoulders to
get a better angle, ramming his cock up her ass and
spurting. Casey orgasmed again, happy and secure at last
with her loving family.

