                      Maria's Story -- Love Hurts!
                              by T. F. Yank


     She lay there in bed, watching her reflection in the mirror over the
dresser.  She liked what she saw.  True, she didn't have breasts as large
as Maria's, but Collin loved them.  And Maria sure loved to suck and play
with them, too.  Her hands went to her top, quickly pulling it over her
head, she tossed it on the floor.
     She loved the look of the lacy bra that confined her breasts.  The
sensation of it as it softly rubbed her skin would sometimes send shivers
through her body.  She reached behind and undid the hooks.  She allowed
the bra to fall off her shoulders, slowly revealing her pale, firm
breasts as if teasing an unseen lover.
     Maria's might be big enough so she could suck her own tits, but they
sagged.  Hers, on the other hand, stood out all by themselves, the
nipples pointing upward.  She cupping her breasts as if offering them to
her own image in the mirror.  Her thumbs and forefingers gently tweaked
her nipples until they extended a full half inch.  The pleasure she felt
fell like waves deep within her vagina.  She shivered with delight.  One
hand still fondling her breasts, the other moved to her pants and tried
to push them down.
     Damn, she thought when she realized that she would need both hands. 
Quickly getting up from the bed, she removed her pants.   Again, she
looked at her reflection and admired her lithesome body.  Slender and
firm.  That described her to a tee.  Her hands moved to her buttocks,
squeezing the firm flesh.  Moving around to her front, they stroked her
smooth firm stomach.  She moved closer to the mirror.  She dug her
fingers under the waistband of her bikini briefs, and teasingly lowered
them slowly revealing her bush.
     Sitting back upon the end of the bed, she never took her eyes off
her mirrored image.  One hand returned and caressed her breasts.  The
other raised to her mouth and inserted a finger within.  She tongued it,
making sure it was nice and wet.  She moved it down and started stroking
her clit.  Soon, one hand was not enough and she brought its twin into
action.  She lay back on the bed and tried to watch herself in the
mirror.
     "Fuck!" she complained out loud as she turned over and pulled down a
pillow from the top of the bed.  Placing it under her head and shoulders,
she was happy that she had at last a clear view.  Her hands returned to
what they had been doing and she lay there enjoying the sensation.  She
inserted one finger into her vagina and slowly moved it in and out.  Her
buttocks squirming, she tried to reach deep within to ease the itch she
felt inside.  "Shit!" she swore again out loud.  "I need something
bigger... something longer..."
     Sitting up and looking around, she spied a hair brush on the
dresser.  Up she jumped, snatched the brush off the dresser, and nearly
tripped in her haste to return to the bed.  Once back into position, she
brought the brush handle to her mouth.  As if it was an erect penis, she
licked and sucked the hard handle, moving it back and forth between her
lips.
     Well, it ain't as big as Collin, and it doesn't taste as good
either, but it'll have to do for now, she thought.  She laughed at her
thoughts and moved the handle to her vaginal lips.  Slowly pushing it in
with one hand, her other hand caressed and teased her clitoris.  Her hips
began to move upward to meet the handle as it delved deep within her
hole.
     Her eyes, now closed, no longer watched her reflected image.  Ah,
that's better, she thought as she felt the waves of heat build deep down
inside her.  Moving the brush more rapidly, she began to moan.  She could
feel the fires burn through out her entire body and knew that soon her
bubble would burst, bringing her release.  As her movements became more
frantic, she was practically bouncing on the bed.  She now held the brush
with two hands, moving it faster and faster in an attempt to climb that
final peak.
     "What the fuck do you think you're doing?  Shit!  Is that my brush
you have there?  Christ, Heather, give me my brush before you break it. 
Haven't you anything better to do than fuck yourself at this time of
day?"
     Heather froze, cursing the interruption.  Damn, just a few strokes
more and I'm there, she thought.  Trying to ignore the yelling going on,
she continued to thrust the brush handle deep within her vagina.  A hand
grabbed the brush and yanked it out-- out of her vagina and out of her
hands.  "Please Maria, not now.  Give me the brush back.  I'm almost
there.  Damn it!  I need it!"
     "Fuck you, bitch.  Go get your own brush if you can find it.  Shit,
you leave your stuff all over this place.  Look at this, you've left your
clothing all over the floor.  You have to be the sloppiest person I know. 
Get up from there and pick up these clothes.  What if we had company?" 
Maria reached out and smacked Heather's thigh with the brush.  "Come on,
I said 'Move'!  I have to go out tonight, and I still have to get
dressed.  Come on, get up and clean this place up."
     Heather opened her eyes, resigned to the fact that she wasn't going
to get off now.  There before her stood Maria, her face red with rage. 
Shit thought Heather, here comes the lecture.  She looked up at Maria in
defiance, and went back to stroking her burning clit, hoping it would
distract Maria from the upcoming tirade.
     "And further more, where the hell were you this afternoon?  I don't
remember you asking if you could take off early.  How the fuck do you
expect me to maintain discipline in the office when you do whatever you
feel like?  And stop that!  If you think you can get me side-tracked,
you're wrong.  I have to go out, and don't have time for that shit." 
Maria turned away so she couldn't see Heather's teasing antics, and moved
to the dresser.
     "Shit, Maria. I didn't have anything to do there, and I was bored. 
You have to admit that business has been slow.  Besides, you know I can't
stand all that office crap.  I have to create.  And pushing paper is
stifling."  Heather stopped her masturbation and watched Maria disrobe.
     Maria stripped off her dress and stood there in her bra and panties. 
She looked through the wardrobe for something to wear.  "But Heather, you
know you have to set an example for the others.  I can't allow you
special privileges, and then expect the others not to do likewise.  And,
as far as business being slow, it shouldn't be after tonight."
     Heather got up and moved behind Maria.  "What do you mean after
tonight?  Where are you going?"
     "Well, I have a dinner engagement with Mrs. Vanderheim.  We are to
discuss re-decorating her penthouse again.  And if you remember the last
time, we should end up with lots of work, and if we're lucky, a few
dollars in the bank.  Do me a favor will you, sweetheart?  Unhook me?"
     Heather unhooked Maria's bra.  Her hands following the straps around
to Maria's heavy breasts, gently squeezed the warm flesh.  Her lips
nuzzled against Maria's neck.  She pressed her naked body tight against
Maria's bare back.  Maria's nipples started to harden under Heather's
touch.  Maria leaned back against her momentarily, and then quickly
straightened.
     "Please, sweetheart, not now.  I really have to get ready for dinner
with Mrs. Vanderheim."
     "Yeah, and I know what the dessert is going to be afterward.  That
old bitch only wants you.  And she doesn't give a fuck about your
decorating skills.  She has to be crazy, or at least the horniest bitch
in the world.  This has to be the fourth time in the past six years that
she has us re-doing her place.  Guess she ran out of friends who can
afford to re-decorate."
     "Now Heather, that's not fair.  Okay, so she does expect a little
something in return for throwing business our way, but she is our most
dependable customer.  And you might actually be surprised by how good she
can be in bed.  Just because she is in her late fifties, doesn't mean
that she still doesn't feel passion.  Or, for that matter, know how to
make others feel that same passion.  Not all of us are as young as you. 
Anyhow, I thought you were spending the night with Collin?"
     "Well, I'm glad it's you that has to keep her satisfied.  I'd puke
if I had to sleep with the old cunt.  At least now I can expect to have
something more interesting to do at work.  And as for Collin, he should
be here in about a half hour.  We planning to go over to his place, but
if you're going out, maybe we'll stay here."
     "No you don't!  You know our arrangement.  You can spend the night
with any cock you want, but not here.  I will not have a male here over
night in this apartment.  No matter how good you are at work, or here for
that matter, that is one transgression I will never forgive.  If you
insist..."
     "Okay, okay.  Jesus, don't get so upset.  I don't understand you
sometimes.  It's okay if I fuck the hell out of some guy in the next room
while you watch through your little peephole, but God forbid he should
stay the night.  No big deal.  I'll go to his place.  Don't sweat it.  I
haven't broken my word yet.  I just can't understand why you get all
upset over a little fucking.  I don't complain when you do it with other
women."
     "Heather, please.  We've had this understanding for seven years now. 
I accept your need for cocks even if I don't understand it.  And you
accept my occasional need for other women.  I just won't have men staying
here over night.  The set up worked well for both of us.  Please don't
ruin it now."
     "Okay, like I said, don't sweat it.  I'll go over to Collin's
tonight, and I'll see you tomorrow at work.  Just make sure you get the
old cunt to pay big bucks for what's she's getting."  Heather gave Maria
a parting slap on her behind and left the room.
     Maria watched her leave.  God, what a body, she mused.  Maria moved
to stand in front of the mirror.  Well, she wasn't that bad herself.  Who
would think that she was 39, practically 40.  She ran her hands across
her flat stomach.  Her breasts were large and sagged a bit.  But they had
been like that since she was a teenager.  The way men had always reacted
to her large breasts had made her feel sick.  They had tried on every
occasion to grab a feel, a kiss, a fuck.  Just because she had big tits
and a nice ass, they thought she was just dying to spread her legs and
hop into bed with them.  She hated it then, and hated it even more today. 
Any man who worked for her, who even looked at her cross-eyed, she had
canned.
     Maria removed the rest of her clothing and went to take a shower. 
She thought of her pending meeting with Suzie Vanderheim.  If Heather
only knew just how good Suzie was.  Suzie and Maria went back along way. 
It was Suzie who first introduced Maria to the world of Sapphism.  Had it
really been almost twenty years?


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Maria had just stared work for old Mr. Cohen, when he had taken her
along on a job to decorate Suzie's apartment.  Maria had been fascinated
with the wealth she saw there.  Suzie had been married to a wealthy
banker, who had died a year earlier.  Coming out of mourning, she decided
she needed to redo the gloomy surroundings.  Maria's suggestions appeared
to be just what Suzie was looking for.  Mr. Cohen was reluctant to allow
a novice like Maria to take charge of the redecorating.  But Suzie had
threatened to take her business elsewhere if Maria didn't do it per-
sonally.
     Little known to Maria then, but Suzie had implemented Phase One of
Maria's seduction.  Maria worked like a madman, ensuring the changes were
carried out just the way she and Suzie had planned.  Many late nights and
weekends were spent working in the apartment.  But Maria was determined
to prove to Mr. Cohen that he hadn't made a mistake in letting her do the
job.  And to prove to Suzie that she hadn't misplaced her trust in Maria.
     Late one night, the job was finished.  Maria was ever so proud of
what she had accomplished.  Suzie was there and insisted they open a
bottle of champagne to celebrate.  Maria was never sure how the conversa-
tion turned out the way it did.  First, they were talking about how much
Suzie liked the finished product and the next thing Maria knew, they were
talking about what beasts men were.  She knew she was drinking too much,
but Suzie kept refilling her glass, saying she just had to celebrate her
success.  That had been Phase Two of her seduction.  Soon, too tipsy to
anything but lie down, she accepted Suzie's offer of a bed for the night.
     Suzie helped her to a bedroom.  Maria should have realized that
something wasn't right then.  The bedroom was Suzie's own and not one of
the spare guest rooms.  The next thing Maria remembered was Suzie
undressing her completely, and laying down beside her on the bed. 
Feathery lips brushed against her eyes and lips as gentle fingers
caressed her breasts.  Her mind engulfed by an alcoholic fog, Maria
couldn't find the energy to protest.  And as the lips moved down to join
the fingers at her breasts, she found she was enjoying the attention.  A
small sigh escaped her as the lips left her breasts and moved down across
her stomach.
   She felt Suzie reposition herself lower upon the bed.  Curiosity
overcame her initial resistance as Suzie parted her thighs, revealing her
naked sex.  She held her breath in anticipation as Suzie gently ran her
hand along her slit.  A shudder ran through her body as Suzie parted her
vaginal lips, exposing the tender pink center.  And she was unable to
stop a moan as Suzie's fingers first made contact with her clitoris.
     Even after all these years, Maria wondered about her reactions that
night.  She had never liked sex.  Always felt it was ugly and disgusting. 
Whether it was simply too much to drink that night, or the final release
of all her sexual frustrations, Maria would never know.  All she did know
was that when Suzie's mouth first touched her aching vagina, it was like
a dam had burst.  Her moans filled the room as she squirmed beneath
Suzie's devouring tongue as it sucked her dry, not once but twice.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Even today, years later, thinking of that tongue sent flames of lust
through her body.  Maria had had many women as lovers since that night,
and none had a tongue like Suzie.  Heather came close at times, but
didn't have Suzie's experience.
     Maria had more to thank Suzie for than just her introduction into to
love.  They had become lovers, Maria even moving in to live with Suzie. 
Several years past and old Mr. Cohen died.  His wife, not knowing the
business, was more than happy to sell it to Maria.  It was Suzie who
loaned her the money.  The loan long repaid, Suzie still went out of her
way to send customers to Maria.  They had long ago stopped being steady
lovers, each needing something new.  But they managed to get together
occasionally to enjoy old times.  Tonight would be one of those times. 
Mixing business with pleasure was always fun.
     Finishing her shower, Maria returned to the bedroom to get dressed. 
She thought about Heather and how she had been reminded of herself when
they first met.  Ready to take on the whole world.  Damn good at the
creative.  But Heather couldn't handle the routine.
     Physically, they were very different.  Heather was almost boyish in
appearance, short blond hair, narrow hips and small breasts.  Maria
thought back to the first time she and Heather had made love.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     They had been working late one night on some project.  After being
so close to the girl, Maria couldn't take it any more.  So she had made a
half-hearted pass, not really sure what Heather's reaction would be.  She
was more than a little surprised when Heather agreed to come home with
her.
     When they arrived at Maria's apartment, Heather immediately started
to remove her clothes.  She asked where the bedroom was, and when Maria
pointed to it, she walked naked as a jay bird to the room.  Maria was
taken back by Heather's actions, and hurried to the bedroom after her. 
Heather lay spread-eagled upon the bed, waiting.
     "What do you think you're doing?" Maria asked.
     "Waiting for you," had been Heather's reply.  "Why waste time with
conversation when we both know why you invited me here.  You want me. 
You've wanted me ever since the first day I came to work for you.  All
those longing looks you give me when you think I don't see you.  All
those excuses to touch me.  You want me bad.  I know you're queer.  Hell,
everyone in the office knows that.  Doesn't bother me if it's a man or a
woman doing me as long as I enjoy it."  Heather placed her hands on her
vagina.  Spreading her vaginal lips so Maria could see the hot pink
flesh, she began to stroke herself.  "So are you going to stand there all
night, or do I have to do myself?" she challenged.
     Heather was too sure of herself.  But Maria wasn't about to lose the
chance to make love to that beautiful body.  She quickly disrobed and
joined Heather on the bed.
     Before she was able to settle in the bed,  Heather reached out and
clamped her mouth to Maria's breast.  She seemed to try to suck the whole
thing into her mouth.  One hand went between Maria's thighs and immedi-
ately found her clit.  Maria was startled.  She had not been prepared for
this kind of attack, and it reminded her of the men who had pawed her
when she was a teenager.  She tried to pull away and disengage herself
from Heather's grasp, but the little woman was surprisingly strong.
     "No.  Please, don't.  Not like that," Maria cried out.
     Heather reached up with her free hand and grabbed Maria's long black
hair.  Giving a yank, she pulled the woman down on the  bed next to her. 
"We do it my way first," she said with a smile.  She jammed her fingers
in Maria's vagina, moving them rapidly in and out.  "Tell me how much you
want me.  Tell me how hot I make you," she ordered.
     Maria struggled in vain.  No matter what she did, she could not free
herself.  "Please, not like this," she begged the girl.
     "Tell me you want it, want me."  Heather pushed herself away from
Maria and knelt on the bed.  "Stop your whining and tell me, or I'll
leave."
     Maria reached out for the girl only to have her hand slapped down. 
Heather started to move to the edge of the bed.
     "Please don't go.  I want you," Maria said, reluctantly giving in.
     "You gonna stop your damn whining?" Heather asked.
     "Yes.  Please don't leave."
     "We gonna do this my way?"
     "Yes.  Yes, anything you want.  Just come back to me."
     "Good.," Heather said seeing the look of surrender on Maria's face. 
"Now tell me how much you want me, how hot I make you."
     Awkwardly, Maria replied, "I want you.  I want you bad.  You make me
so hot."
     Heather crawled back beside Maria.  "How hot do I make you?"
     Maria was disgusted by how she was behaving.  But she just had to
have this girl.  And if the only way was to play this disgusting little
game of hers, she would.  At least until it was her turn.  She moved her
hands to her vagina and spreading her nether lips wide, she said, "Feel
for yourself.  Put your hand on my cunt and see how hot you make me."
     Heather jammed two fingers deep into Maria's waiting hole.  Roughly
moving them around, she watched Maria, waiting to see if she would again
complain about the rough treatment.  Maria grimaced, but said nothing. 
With her fingers still attacking Maria's center, she stretched out until
her mouth reached one of those large breasts.  Heather's eyes never left
Maria's face as her mouth latched on hard to a nipple and her free hand
started to kneed the soft flesh.
     Maria squirmed in discomfort from the rough handling she was
receiving, but she was afraid to protest.  She knew the girl was waiting
for her to say something, indicate in some manner that she wanted to be
treated this way.  And if she didn't let Heather win at this little game,
the girl would leave her.  Ignoring the discomfort and swallowing her
pride, she moaned, "Oh god yes.  Fuck me, fuck me faster.  Suck my tits
like that, squeeze them.  You make me so hot, I could cum all over you."
     Maria relaxed a bit, seeing the smile of victory on Heather's face. 
Obviously she had said the right thing.  But she stiffened as Heather
raised herself from Maria's breast.
     "Damn right, I'm gonna make you cum.  I knew you liked it rough. 
And I'm gonna devour you until you beg for mercy.  God, I love big tits
and hot, hairy cunts," Heather said as she once again attacked Maria's
breast.
     Heather switched breasts as her hand continued to poke deep within
Maria's vagina.  And despite the rough handling, Maria found herself
responding.  The feel of Heather's mouth upon her breast and her hand
between her legs were sending warm sensations throughout her body.  She
decided to simply enjoy the pleasure and allow this wildcat to continue.
     Maria lost track of time.  She was only aware of the tactile
sensations of Heather's mouth and hands.  A feeling of regret came over
her when Heather stopped her oral loving of Maria's breasts.
     "Shit.  Here I am doing all the work.  Do you intend to just lie
there?  When do I get some?  Here, suck my tit for a change," Heather
ordered.
     Heather moved up the bed and straddled Maria's chest.  Leaning over,
she placed one of her small breasts against Maria's mouth.  Maria took it
in her mouth and gently sucked the small firm globe of flesh.  She pushed
Heather away just a bit to permit herself better access.  She tongued the
rigid nipple, teasing it with her teeth.  Her hands entered the scene as
they stroked the hot flesh.  Heather swayed from side to side, allowing
Maria to pay equal attention to both breasts.
     Heather straightened up and moved further up along Maria's body. 
"This is want you've been dying for, ain't it?" she teased as she did a
little bump and grind with her vagina mere inches from Maria's face.
     "Yes," replied Maria's hoarsely.  She raised her head as far as she
could and tasted for the first time Heather's sweetness.  Her hands went
to Heather's buttocks and pulled that sweet vagina closer.  Her mouth
sucked and licked the fine blond hairs.  She forced her tongue between
the lips, searching for the pearl she knew lay within.  At last, there it
was.  She drank deeply of its sweetness as she lost herself in Heather's
center.  She could hear little whimpers of delight come from the girl
above her and knew that she was at last in charge.
     As her mouth and tongue plowed Heather's wet furrow, her hands had
been massaging and stroking the tight small ass.  She gently traced a
path with her fingers across Heather's rectum.
     "Oh fuck yes!  Yes there.  I love it," Heather cried out as she
tried to settle back on Maria's hand.
     Maria congratulated herself on reading this one right.  One little
hot bitch who just loved to fuck.  She sank her finger slowly into
Heather's rectum, rotating it gently to enlarge the opening.  The
sphincter muscles at first rebelled and then relaxed as they seem to suck
Maria's finger deeper into the anal passage.
     With Maria's tongue deep within her vagina, and a finger buried deep
in her ass,  Heather was in orbit.  She rocked back and forth, trying to
increase the pressure and the pleasure she was so wanting.  She was
unprepared when Maria broke the contact and then pushed her off the bed
onto the floor below.
     'Hey!  What the fuck?  Why'd you do that for?"  She found herself on
all fours, beside the bed, looking up at Maria.
     Maria was sitting on the side of the bed, laughing.  "Now that we've
played the game your way, I think maybe we should try it my way.  If you
can stop acting like an animal in heat, you might actually find out there
are more gentler ways to make love to another person.  If you can't, get
your clothes and leave."  With that, Maria lay back down on the bed and
ignored the girl.
     Heather stayed as she was for a moment.  Then, as if she had finally
reached a decision, she got up and left the room.  Maria watched her
leave, feeling disappointed that Heather didn't have what it took.  But
she would be damned if she would call after her.  She was quite surprise
but happy when Heather walked back into the room a few moments later.
     "Well so you like it gentle, do you?  I can live with that.  As long
as we can play rough occasionally.  I have a little trick here I'm sure
you're just gonna beg me to repeat," she said with a mischievous grin.
     Maria wasn't quite sure what Heather meant by that.  She saw Heather
had a glass in her hands, but couldn't see what was in it.  Heather put
it to her mouth as if to drink.  Maria could hear the tinkling sound of
ice.  Heather walked to the foot of the bed, and knelt upon it.  Dropping
the glass to the carpeted floor, she stretched out flat on her stomach
and squirmed upward until her face was inches from Maria's vagina.  Maria
still wasn't sure what the girl was up to.  It looked as if Heather had
something in her mouth, but Maria couldn't tell for sure.
     Heather's hands felt cold.  But soon their activities at Maria's
vagina had her feeling quite warm.  Heather gently inserted two fingers
deep in Maria.  The thumb and forefinger of her other hand massaged and
stroked Maria's clitoris until it fully emerged from under its hood and
stood rigid.  "Oh my, this little sucker is almost a small cock, all by
itself," Heather mumbled.
     Soon Maria was twisting and turning in response to Heather's
ministrations.  "Please, I need your mouth, darling.  I want to feel your
tongue deep inside me," Maria begged.
     Heather had been watching Maria's face.  She chuckled at the woman's
desperate pleas.  Doubling the efforts of her fingers,  buried deep in
Maria's cunt, she pushed her other hand beneath Maria's quivering
buttocks, and pushed them upward.  Maria moved her own hands beneath
herself and lifted her hips high to better offer her vagina to Heather's
mouth.
     "Please Heather, don't make me beg.  Kiss me there."
     Heather still kept her eyes locked on Maria's.  As Maria was holding
herself up, she brought her hand back between Maria's opened thighs. 
Lightly at first, and then  with more pressure, she scraped her finger-
nails along the tender insides of Maria's thighs.  Seeing Maria was about
to open her mouth again,. Heather slowly lowered her face to the hairy
bush below.
     Maria tensed in anticipation, and then nearly went into shock at the
first touch.  She screamed in pain.  She tried to shake the girl's mouth
from her vagina.  Damn, she thought, the bitch has an ice-cube in her
mouth.  Maria twisted and turned to no avail.  Heather had her mouth well
clamped to her vagina, the ice-cube pressed hard against Maria's clit,
her tongue probing deeper within the confines of the parted vaginal lips.
     The cold sensation seemed to change from freezing numbness to
blazing heat.  Maria could no longer tell whether it was cold or hot. 
Heather's tongue renewed its attack on her clitoris.  Still cold to the
touch, it left a trail of burning flesh.  Without realizing it at first,
Maria's body started to ride the roller coaster of orgasm.  Her breathing
ragged, she rocked her head from side to side in ecstasy, her moans
rising in volume.  At last, her body shaking, she felt the wave diminish. 
Looking down between her legs, she saw Heather leering at her.
     "Well now, was that gentle enough for you?  And if you liked that
trick, I have a whole bag full of them."  Heather lowered her head and
gave Maria's love box a big, wet, loud kiss.  Maria shivered at the touch
and reached out for Heather.  The girl moved up the bed and lowered
herself into Maria's arms.  She pressed her lips to Maria's.  Maria
opened her lips, and her tongue entered Heather's warm mouth.  Her tongue
delved deeply within Heather's mouth in a soulful kiss.
     Heather softly but firmly clamped her teeth down on Maria's tongue. 
Maria couldn't extradite her tongue and couldn't swallow.  Her mouth
seemed to fill quickly with saliva, and she started choking.
     Heather let go and snarled, "And I hate being given ultimatums." 
She rose from the bed and left the room.  By the time Maria had stopped
choking and ran after her, the girl had left the apartment.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     The next day at work had been rather tense.  Maria was fully
prepared to fire Heather the moment she came through the door.  But when
Heather did finally show up, several hours late, she looked a mess.  Her
face was bruised.  She had what was surely going to turn into a world
class shiner.  Maria was concerned and ushered into her office.  It
turned out that after Heather had gotten home the previous night, her
live-in boyfriend had found out about Maria.  He had first beaten and
then raped her, and finally threw her out on the street.  She had gone to
the hospital to have her injuries checked out and after being released
had no place to go.  She had been walking the streets for the past
several hours and figured she might as well show up and work.
     Maria's heart went out to the girl.  After leaving some last minute
instructions with some of the people in the office, she took Heather home
with her.  After helping her take a warm bath, she put her to bed.  Maria
climbed into bed with Heather and held her tightly as the girl cried
herself to sleep.  Laying there next to her, Maria knew that no matter
how crass or crude Heather would be, she wanted her.  And Maria promised
herself that once Heather woke, she would ask the girl to move in with
her.  She thought back to the pleasure she had felt at Heather's hands. 
And she knew she would never be happy until she could experience that
every day and night.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Maria snapped out of her reveries.  Was it really almost seven years
since that night?  Maria knew that Heather never really accepted lesbo
love.  The girl insisted that she had to have a man every so often.  And
Maria also knew that she herself could never remain faithful to one
partner.  So they had agreed on a compromise.  They would never have
another lover stay the night in the apartment.  And each was free to take
another lover as long as it didn't become full time.
     Thinking back over the years, Maria realized that Heather was the
closest she had ever come to truly giving away her heart.  And she never
regretted it yet.
     Noting the lateness of the hour, she quickly finished dressing and
applied her make-up.  She heard the doorbell ring just as she entered the
living room.  Not seeing Heather around, she went to the door.  Before
opening it, she looked through the spy-hole to see Collin standing there.
     Collin stood 6 feet and must have weighed at least two hundred
pounds.  Young, not quite 23, blond hair, blue eyes, he had arms as thick
as mature trees.  And his legs were even stronger.  Solid muscle.  Maria
had taken an immediate dislike to him when Heather had first brought him
home.  It wasn't that he wasn't polite.  But he seemed to feel as if all
women just came in their pants at the sight of him.  And she noticed that
he treated Heather more like personal property than a person.
     She had to admit that he was quite competent in the bedroom.  As
Heather had said earlier, Maria did get off watching her fuck her various
male lovers.  Maria remembered the horror she had felt watching the first
time Collin had rammed his ugly penis into Heather.  Maria had to admit
she had never seen a penis that large before.  Not only was it terribly
long, but it was thicker than her wrist.  And what had amazed her even
more was how Heather had simply demanded he give her more, after he had
sank his entire length into her.  Well, one never had to worry about
getting a swelled head while Heather was around.
     "Are you going to let him in, or do you intend to mind fuck him
through the door," Heather whispered in her ear.  Maria jumped, startled. 
She hadn't heard Heather come up behind her at all.  Feeling foolish, and
a bit ashamed by her reaction, she quickly opened the door.  Heather
pushed around her and stood on her tiptoes to give Collin a kiss.  He
reached down and without any effort, lifted her off the floor and up into
his arms.
     "Hi sexy.  Hmmm... that feels good.  Why aren't you ready?" he
asked.  Heather rubbed her face against his and said, "I'm always ready,
which is more than we can say about you last Friday."  She jumped down
from his embrace, and running back into the apartment, called over her
shoulder, "I'll be ready to leave in a jiffy.  You can keep company with
Maria while I get my stuff."
     Collin stood in the open doorway, not quite sure what to do.  Maria,
sensing his discomfort, cursed Heather for putting them in this situ-
ation.  "Well, come on in.  I was just about to leave anyways.  Tell
Heather when she comes out, I'll see her tomorrow at work.  Well, good
night, Collin."
     "Er... Good night, Maria" stammered Collin as they passed each
other.
     Closing the door after Maria, Collin turned and yelled out,
"Heather, where the hell are you?"  She didn't answer.  He started
searching through the apartment.  Expecting to find her in the spare
bedroom, he was surprised to hear her call him from the other bedroom. 
He found her laying naked upon the bed.  "Hey, I thought you were getting
your things.  What are you dong there, and naked besides?" asked Collin
with a rather confused look on his face.
     Heather, her legs opened wide, spread her vaginal lips apart with
her fingers.  "Come here, baby.  Mummy has this big empty hole that needs
to be filled."
     Collin looked around the room.  It was obvious he felt uncomfortable
there.  "Come on, Heather.  Don't play games.  What if she comes back and
catches us here?"
     "Let her get her own cock to play with.  Right now I'm only inter-
ested in how long it'll take you to get that cock of yours in this hole
here.  Unless, you're having a bit a trouble again?  If you are, we can
forget it, and I'll see you next week."  Heather reached over to the
night table, retrieved the brush that was there, and ignoring Collin,
started to masturbate with the handle.
     Collin quickly started to remove his clothing.  "Aw come on, sugar. 
Just because I had a bit too much that night, don't mean I'm having
trouble.  And we did get it on after awhile.  You were screaming your
head off later."
     "Shit!" Heather snapped at him.  "You don't know what you're talking
about.  If I hadn't worked on you as hard as I did, we'd still be waiting
for you to get it up.  Fuck!  If I had put half as much effort into a
corpse, I could have raised the dead.  Anyhow, we ain't talking about
then, we're talking about now.  Are you gonna shut that mouth and get in
here, or do I suck off this brush handle.  Either way, I know I'm gonna
get off tonight."
     Collin, at last undressed, moved to the side of the bed.  "Christ,
you have a big mouth for such a little girl.  But then again, that's one
of the reason I like you."  Holding his limp penis in one hand, he
reached out and grabbed her hair, drawing her face to his crotch.  Her
mouth opened to take him in.  He reached down and with little effort,
turned her one hundred and eighty degrees so that while her mouth was
still wrapped around his stiffening cock, her slit was there before his
mouth.  The room soon filled with wet slurping noises as they devoured
each other's genitals.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Maria arrived at the restaurant about fifteen minutes late.  There
in the lounge was Suzie waiting for her.  My God, thought Maria, seeing
Suzie, she keeps getting younger instead of older.
     Suzie Vanderheim stood five foot seven.  Slenderly built, she had
extremely long legs for her size.  Her hair, which had been a fiery red
when younger, was a coppery silver now.  As usual she wore it up.  Her
skin had an almost porcelain quality to it.  Pale and delicate.  But she
was anything but delicate.  And when she gazed into your eyes with those
deep emerald green eyes, you felt as if she was doing an inventory of
your soul.  A proud bearing and a sweet smile rounded out her appearance. 
People were automatically attracted to her, and once they got to know
her, they quickly became her devoted followers.
     Suzie stood up and moved to greet Maria.  They embraced like the
close friends they were.  After letting the maitre d' know they were
ready to be seated, they were quickly shown to their table.  They waited
for the waiter to take their order and settled back.
     "Well Maria, I must say you are as beautiful as ever.  I can't
believe it has been almost a year since we were together last.  And how
is business these days?
     "Not bad actually.  And I do believe that after tonight, it will be
even better.  You know Suzie, I never did understand why you didn't take
a part of the business way back then.  Just think of all the money you
could have saved by getting it all at cost."
     The two women laughed, and Suzie took Maria's hand in hers.  "Maria,
I got more than I ever deserved in return for that little investment. 
Your friendship over the years has meant more than any discount I could
get.  But being the business woman I have had to be, if you're saying
that you'll be giving me special rates this time,  I won't object."
     "If I thought you really meant that, you can forget about getting a
bill after this job.  But I somehow expect it will like all the other
times.  You'll insist on overpaying."
     When their drinks arrived they were discussing old friends.  "And
how is Doris?" asked Maria.
     "She's doing quite well, thank you.  To be honest, after you and I
went our separate ways, I don't think I could have managed quite as well
if it hadn't been for Doris.  No matter who I am with, or how beastly I
feel, she is always a ray of sunshine in my life.  One of my major
regrets in life is that I could never manage to overcome her fear and
utter hatred of men.  That beast I had for a husband destroyed any
possibility of her ever being happily married somewhere.  As a matter of
fact, she asked me to say 'Hi' and give you her love."
     Maria remembered the younger woman fondly.  She had been a maid in
Suzie's household.  And as Maria remembered it, had been quite badly
abused by Suzie's husband when he was alive.  She and Doris had on
several occasions made love to each other when Maria had lived with
Suzie.  Today, Doris was Suzie's personal secretary and when Suzie wasn't
occupied with someone else, she was also her main lover.
     "Are you two still hot and heavy these days," Maria asked.  "Or do
you have something else going?"
     "To be honest,  Doris is the only woman I am involved with at the
moment," Suzie replied with a sly smile.
     "Oh?  And am I to suppose from that inference that you have yourself
a male lover?  How gross."
     Suzie laughingly said, "You and Doris are so alike.  That was
exactly her reaction too.  Mind you, at least she has a point of refer-
ence."
     "Now don't start in on me again, after all these years" Maria
protested.  "I never have, and I never will sleep with a man."
     "And you will never know the pleasure that you are missing either. 
How you can say that you wouldn't like it when you have never given it a
chance, I can not understand.  There are two types of love in the world,
and I wouldn't miss the opportunity of either."
     Now it was Maria's turn to laugh.  "If you only knew just how alike
you and Heather really are.  I suspect that it is just because you two
are so alike that you have never gotten along.  I was just thinking this
evening while getting dressed that she is about the only one who could
seriously compete with that tongue of yours.  Anyhow, never mind about my
distastes, tell me about this new lover."
     "I know you will hate him.  He's black for starters.  Big and black. 
Used to play semi-pro football before his knees went.  I met him at one
of the clubs I frequent about a month after you and I were last together. 
He was a bouncer there.  Now he is my personal bodyguard."
     "And just how well does he guard that body of yours," Maria teased.
     Suzie just smiled as she said, "Very, very well, my dear."
     They continued to banter back and forth all through dinner.  After
dinner, relaxing over a liqueur, Suzie said, "I was hoping to ask you
back to the apartment tonight, but as things stand, I'll have to forgo
that little pleasure for now.  But as you will be handling the re-
decorations yourself again, I suspect we will have plenty of time to
rediscover each other's foibles."
     Maria felt a twinge of disappointment.  She had actually been
looking forward to Suzie's lovemaking tonight.  And Heather wouldn't be
home either tonight.  She hated being alone.  But she tried not to show
her disappointment and simply said. "Yes, I'll have to ensure we have
lots of time together."  They finished their drinks, and fondly kissing
one another good-bye, they went their separate ways.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     When Maria arrived home, she was irritated to find the lights still
burning in the living room.  "Damn that bitch!  She never considers
others.  She knows I hate to see us wasting electricity."  Going from
room to room on the way to her bedroom, she switched off the lights.  As
she neared her room, she heard sounds coming from within.  Nervous at
first, she stopped outside the closed door and listened quietly.  Her
nervousness soon turned to rage as she realized the sounds were coming
from Heather.
     "Oooo baby...yeah that's the way...push it deeper.  Yeah like
that...faster damn it...I'm almost there...  Please, god damn it, faster,
Oh Jesus YES!  Just like that."
     Maria opened the door to see Collin moving frantically over Heather
who had her legs up over his shoulders.  The two of them were lost within
their own sexual world and didn't notice Maria.  She stood there trans-
fixed, having a clear view of Collin's enormous cock pistoning in and out
of Heather's wide open cunt.  Maria realized that she was actually
holding her breath for fear of disturbing them.
     Realizing how she was reacting to the lovemaking taking place in her
bed, her rage increased.  "What the fuck do you two think you're doing? 
Get the fuck out of my bed.  Heather how can you do this to me?  And just
after you promised you wouldn't.  Stop it now!  Do you hear me?  STOP
IT!" Maria screamed in anger.  She looked for something to strike them
with.  She could only find a brush on the floor.  Picking it up, she
began to hit Collin on his back and legs.  "Get out of here, you fucking
bastard.  I said get out.  I'm calling the police if you don't move
immediately."
     Collin didn't react to her, but instead continued fucking Heather. 
Heather finally seeing Maria standing there, said, "Oh fuck off Maria. 
Get your own cock.  You already ruined one climax today.  I ain't gonna
let you do it again.  So fuck off. Oooo yes baby, mummy's almost there. 
Fuck me good, baby, fuck me good."
     Maria reached out and grabbed Heather by the hair.  Collin lifted
one arm, and as if brushing off a gnat, knocked her across the room. 
Maria picked herself up and realized that they weren't about to stop. 
She ran from the room in tears.  Try as she might, she was unable to stop
hearing Heather's entreaties.  She sat in the living room with her hands
over her ears.  Finally there was silence.  Maria was too frighten to go
back into the bedroom.  She still hurt from where that bastard had struck
her.  She sat there and waited for them to come out.
     A while later, Heather came out from the bedroom.  She was still
naked as she walked toward Maria.  She sat down next to her and kissed
Maria on the cheek.  "I'm sorry, sweets.  I didn't mean to do it, but one
thing led to another after you left, and you found us like we were.  He
hasn't stayed the night, and I wouldn't have let him.  Really,  I
wouldn't lie to you."
     "I don't know any more.  You were fucking him right there in my bed. 
How could you, Heather?" Maria sobbed.
     "Ah come on.  It wasn't no big deal.  Shit, you've watched us fuck
before, and usually it gets you all excited.  Why the change tonight? 
Come on, Maria.  Really, it's no big thing."
     At that moment, Collin came out from the bedroom.  He was still
naked and held his limb cock in his hand.  "Hey!  Watch what you're
calling no big deal.  It was big enough for you a few minutes ago."
     "Yeah, but it ain't fuck all now, is it," Heather jibed back.
     Maria took one look at his limp penis and started to cry.  "Please
get it away from me.  Please, Heather.  Don't let it touch me."
     "What the fuck is wrong with her now?  Fucking lezzie.  What she
needs is a good stiff cock up that fucking queer cunt of hers.  Here,
help me get it hard again, and we'll see how she likes being fucked by a
real man for a change."  Collin approached Maria, pulling on his limp
shaft.
     Maria panicked and started flailing her arms to ward him off. 
"Please Heather, get it away from me.  Don't let him touch me with it. 
It's trying to devour me.  Please help me."  Maria screamed hysterically,
"Oh god, someone please help me"
     Heather held Maria in her arms and yelled, "Fuck off Collin. You're
scaring the shit out of her."
     "Aw come on baby.  I only want to give her a taste.  I know there
ain't many women like you who can take all of me."
     "And if you ain't out of this room in five seconds, I'll make sure
there ain't nothing left for any woman to take.  Now get the fuck out of
here.  NOW!"
     Collin stood there, stunned.  He had never seen his little Heather
so angry before.  He turned and started back to the bedroom.  "And not in
there," Heather yelled after him.  "Go to my room and wait until I bring
you your clothes.  Don't come back in here until I tell you otherwise." 
He slunk into the spare room and closed the door.
     "It's okay now, Maria.  He's gone.  He was only teasing.  He
wouldn't have hurt you.  Come on, I'll put you to bed."
     Maria, still trembling, slowly got to her feet and allowed Heather
to guide her to their room.  Heather led her to the bed and helped her to
get into it.  All the time she tried to reassure Maria that Collin wasn't
going to hurt her.  Maria started to cry uncontrollably.  She realized it
was just a reaction to the fear she had felt
     Trying to control her crying, she turned to Heather.  "I want you
out of here.  Out of this room, and out of my apartment.  I'll make
arrangements to get your things to you wherever you'll be staying.  But I
don't want you here.  And take that ape with you."
     Heather sat there looking bewildered.  "Oh come on, Maria.  It
wasn't that bad.  How can you..."
     "Heather, I'll only say this once.  Get out of my apartment now!"
     Heather reacted as if she had been struck.  "Okay Maria, I'll leave. 
Don't get yourself in an uproar.  We'll talk tomorrow at work.  I'm sure
once you've had a good night's sleep, you'll think differently tomorrow. 
You can't throw away almost seven years like that.  You sleep, and I'll
go spend the night with Collin."  She leaned over to give Maria a kiss.
     Maria struck out at Heather.  "I said get the fuck out of my life. 
Get lost!"
     Heather got up and quickly gathered the clothing she and Collin had
thrown on the floor.  Looking back at Maria and seeing there was no
change of heart, she left the room.  Maria could hear the two of them
arguing in the next room.  And soon afterwards, she heard them leave the
apartment.  She lay there and cried.  She couldn't stand the idea of
being alone.  She didn't know where to turn.  Simply out of despair, she
picked up the phone and called Suzie.
     When Suzie answered the phone, Maria broke down and cried hysteri-
cally.  In halting words, she told Suzie what had happened.  Suzie said,
"Hang in there, Maria.  I'll be right over as soon as I can.  Just try to
take it easy.  Suzie will soon be there to make everything alright."
     When Suzie hung up, Maria lay there trembling with fear.  She hugged
the receiver to her chest, afraid if she hung up, she would lose her only
connection with reality.
     How long she lay like that, she didn't know.  The next thing she was
aware of was the doorbell.  She ran to the door and opened it.  Suzie
rushed into the room and seeing the state Maria was in, immediately led
her back into the bedroom.  Maria was only dimly aware that all Suzie had
on under her coat was a flimsy nightgown.  Suzie had left a warm bed to
come to her aid.
     Suzie helped Maria undress and get into bed.  She lay next to her
and held her in her arms.  Repeating assurances to the troubled woman,
Suzie stroked Maria's hair.  Soon Maria sank into a troubled sleep,
waking several times in the night, screaming in terror.  Through it all,
Suzie just held her firmly but gently, and told her how much she loved
her.
     Morning came, and the two women were exhausted.  Maria due to the
nightmares, and Suzie because she had stayed awake all night comforting
her friend.  Suzie called Maria's office to say she wouldn't be in.  She
was told that Heather was there, and "did she wish to speak with her?" 
She answered, "No.  That won't be necessary," and hung up.
     Suzie stayed with Maria all that day.  She called Doris to let her
know that she was alright, but not to expect her home that night.  Maria
slowly recovered from her ordeal, thankful for Suzie's presence.  The two
women finally managed to sleep most of the afternoon.  Later that day,
when Maria woke, she was once again alone.  Panic set in until she
noticed the aroma of food cooking.  Getting up, she made her way to the
kitchen.  Standing in front of the stove, was Suzie, cooking.
     Suzie noticed Maria and smiled.  "Ah, there you are.  I almost
thought you were going to sleep the entire day away.  I couldn't wait
much longer, and just had to have something to eat.  Are you hungry? 
There's plenty here."
     "Yes, thanks.  I guess I'm famished too.  Oh Suzie, I don't know
what I would have done without you."
     Suzie left the food on top of the stove and went to her.  Hugging
her, she said, "Don't worry, I'll always be here when you need me.  You
had a terrible experience, but you'll pull through okay.  Just give it
time."
     Maria turned her face and kissed Suzie on the lips.  Her tongue
timidly pushed through Suzie's lips.  Suzie met Maria's tongue with her
own, and they stood there simply enjoying the pleasant sensation. 
Maria's hands stroked Suzie's shoulders and neck.  Suzie caressed Maria's
face.  Neither broke the kiss.  The smell of burning food intruded on
their senses.
     "Damn!  There goes dinner.  Hell, I never was a good cook anyhow. 
Tell you what.  Why don't you throw some clothes in a suitcase, and come
spend sometime at my place,"  Suzie suggested.
     Maria wasn't sure what to do.  "But what about the apartment?  What
about work?"
     "Fuck work!  Let the bitch take care of the office.  And you pay
good money for security in this building.  It wouldn't be any different
than if you went away on vacation for a few days.  I only asked you to
spend sometime at my place, not move in permanently," Suzie added with a
chuckle.
     Maria went with Suzie.  Once at her place, they settled Maria in one
of the spare guest rooms.  Suzie suggested that Maria try to get some
rest and left her alone in the darkened room.  Maria wasn't sure if she
could sleep, but after awhile she was lost in dreamland.  Her sleep this
time was untroubled by nightmares and she passed a restful day.
     She awoke to a warm, pleasant sensation.  Someone was between her
legs, gently kissing her there.  She tried to see who it was.  But,
unless she broke contact with those lips, which she didn't want to do,
she was unable to see who it was.  Soon she was softly moaning in
response.  She moved ever so slightly, afraid to interrupt the person
below.  She spread her legs wider, drawing her heels tight against her
buttocks.  Moving down the bed, she raised her buttocks higher, forcing
the person below to move with her vagina.
     Once she was able to see the top of the head between her legs, she
knew immediately it was Doris.  "Oh sweet Doris.  I should have known it
was you.  Few others I've known can be as gentle and loving as you." 
Maria reached down and stroked Doris' black hair.  As that loving mouth
and tongue concentrated on her engorged clitoris, Maria felt the orgasm
build within her.  She squirmed beneath Doris's onslaught as wave after
wave of warm, throbbing pleasure washed across her consciousness.  A
small whimper escaped her as her orgasm crested and she allowed herself
to float within the afterglow for a moment before reaching down and
drawing Doris up beside her.  Doris kissed her tenderly on the lips and
snuggled in tight beside her.  Maria, contend and sated, drifted off to
sleep.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Maria awoke to find Doris sleeping at her side.  She moved slowly
down the bed, trying not to wake the woman beside her.  She lowered her
head and took one of Doris' breasts into her mouth.  Gently kissing and
tonguing the warm flesh, her hands moved further downward until they
encountered the opening she sought.  Her fingers lovingly caressed the
inner folds of flesh, seeking the tender nub of flesh near the top.  With
feathery light strokes, she teased the knob of flesh until it poked
itself from under its hood.
     The still sleeping Doris' breathing quicken as Maria continued her
loving attention.  Her nipples hardened in response to Maria's wicked
tongue.  A small moan escaped Doris as she stirred slightly.  Maria used
this as her cue to move downward until her mouth was level with her
hands.  Her tongue darted out and licked the now moist mount.  Gently
parting the glistening nether lips, she ran her tongue along the folds of
warm, sweet flesh.  Again Doris moaned.  Maria moved upwards and allowed
her tongue to flick rapidly across the redden clit.  Doris reaction was
more pronounced this time.  Her hands reached down and took hold of
Maria's face.  Pressing gently, she forced Maria's tongue hard against
her clitoris.  Moving her hips, Doris centered herself under Maria's
mouth.
     Maria brought her hands to add to the sensation she was showering
upon Doris' center.  Soon Doris' motions became more demanding and she
began to softly whimper as Maria doubled her attention to the wet vagina
beneath her.  Realizing Doris was close to coming, Maria moved one hand
to stroke the tiny rectal bud below.  She knew well from past experience
that one way to ensure Doris went off like a rack of fireworks was to
penetrate her anally just before she came.  Sensing Doris was near, she
gently inserted finger deep in her rectum.
     Doris let out a loud scream as her body literally went into spasms. 
Maria had all she could do not to be thrown from Doris' vagina.  Soon
Doris' frantic movements subsided and the two women lay there without
moving.
     "Thank you Maria," Doris whispered hoarsely.  "I came in here to
give you solace, and here you are, giving more to me."
     "Oh Doris," Maria replied as she moved up to be face to face with
the girl.  Leaning over, she gently kissed Doris' lips.  "I only gave
back to you what you gave to me.  And I must admit, I was in real need of
your tenderness today.  I needed some gentleness for a change.
     "I know, Suzie told me all about what that bitch and her friend did
to you.  You shouldn't have to put up with that type of treatment.  You
deserve better.  And I hope you've thrown her out for good.  You should
move in here with Suzie and me.  I get lonesome sometimes, particularly
when Suzie insists in taunting me with her disgusting men friends.  I
would never treat you like that bitch did.  I would always be as gentle
as you would want me to be."
     Softly caressing the loving face before her, Maria replied, "I know
you would, sweet Doris.  But I don't think you're being fair to Suzie. 
We both know she need men from time to time.  While she may be the best
lover around, she was never really a lady's lady.  She just enjoys
seeking pleasure wherever she can find it.  I've learned a long time ago,
you can never really have Suzie all to yourself.  You can only hope to
share her."
     Doris mumbled an agreement as she snuggled closer to Maria.  Laying
her head upon Maria's breasts, she gently tongued a nipple near her
mouth.  Glancing up into Maria's face, she said, "But you and I are two
of a kind.  We could enjoy each other without seeking outside relation-
ships."  As if to prove her point, she sucked upon the large breast, her
tongue flicking teasingly against the hardening nipple.
     Maria couldn't suppress a small shiver and pressed against Doris'
enticing mouth.  Reluctantly she said, "Now Doris, you know better than
that.  We once had our time together.  And we'll continue to share warm
feelings for each other and the occasional warm bed as we are now.  But
being tied to one lover for too long isn't my way.  There have only been
two people with whom I have ever maintained a long relationship.  One was
Suzie, and the other is Heather... Or should I say WAS Heather."
     "Well you're better off without that slut.  She's only after your
money and the job you gave her," Doris said, vehemently.
     "You might be right, but I still have feelings for her," Maria
replied wistfully.  I know it's crazy, particularly after last night, but
I feel incomplete without her.  I wish she was here now."
     "Well, I'm sure you can be incomplete for another day or two," Suzie
said as she entered the room.  "I think the girl deserves a taste of her
medicine before you think of forgiving and taking her back."
     Doris jumped from the bed and ran to Suzie.  "I didn't mean to cheat
on you.  It was just that Maria looked as if she was in pain, and I tried
to make her feel better.  Really, Suzie, it wasn't anything more seri-
ous."
     Suzie looked hard at Doris.  "Well I'm not too sure of that.  What I
saw when I came in here looked serious enough to me.  I don't take kindly
to you sleeping around like that."
     Doris looked stricken.  She was actually quaking with fear.  Suzie
started laughing.  "Please Doris, I'm only teasing.  The three of us go
back too many years for me to be upset or jealous.  Actually I came in
here to do just about the same thing myself for our sweet Maria."
     Maria looked over at Suzie.  Coyly, she cupped her breasts and
spread her legs.  In a deep, throaty voice she said, "Never let it be
said I ever prevented you from doing what you wanted in your own house."
     Suzie eagerly moved to the bed.  Leaning over, she hungrily took one
of Maria's breasts into her mouth as her hands went to the other and
squeezed the abundant flesh.  They both heard a whimper come from Doris,
who was still standing by the door.
     Suzie reluctantly left her place at Maria's breasts and turned to
Doris.  "Now come on.  You had your turn.  It's only fair that I should
have mine.  Maybe you should just go to your room."  Doris looked as if
she was about to burst into tears as she slowly turned to leave the room.
     "That's not nice, Suzie," Maria said.  "You know we've had some of
our best fun together with Doris.  Why make her leave?  I'm sure she
won't interfere with your pleasure.  And I know she'd only add to mine." 
Doris brightened at Maria's suggestion, and looked hopefully at Suzie.
     "I was hoping to enjoy you all by myself," Suzie said plaintively. 
Seeing Doris' face again darken in disappointment, she hastened to add,
"But like you said, Doris does add some spice to the action."
     Doris let out a yelp of delight and rushed to the bed.  She grabbed
Suzie and kissed her.  She then quickly jumped into bed and started
sucking one of Maria's breasts.  Maria gave her a playful smack on her
behind, saying, "Now Doris, don't be selfish.  You and I have already
tasted each others' delights.  But poor Suzie, here, hasn't had any yet. 
So maybe you can just hang about the fringe while Suzie and I get re-
acquainted."  Doris reluctantly pushed herself away from Maria and moved
to the other side of the bed.
     "Now, where were we before we were so pleasantly interrupted?" Maria
asked teasingly of Suzie.  Suzie had sat down on the edge of the bed, and
she once again returned her hands and mouth to Maria's breasts.  Maria,
enjoying the sensation, remembered how Suzie had always had a thing for
her large breasts.
     Maria thought it was because of Suzie's own small ones, and her
feelings of inadequacies.  While she enjoyed the attention Suzie paid to
her breasts, she would have much preferred Suzie's mouth between her
legs.  But she knew from past experience Suzie wouldn't be ready for that
for awhile yet.  So she simply lay there and allowed Suzie to get her
fill.
     Doris sat silently, waiting an opportunity to join in, but she too
knew one didn't interrupt Suzie while she was feasting.
     At last, sated, Suzie move downward, knowing full well Maria had
been waiting just for that.  Burying her face between Maria's thighs, her
tongue began the slow, pleasant torture that Maria so wanted.  Doris
finally seeing an opportunity, moved closer and placed her mouth and
hands to where Suzie had just vacated.  Maria fell into an almost trance
like state, enjoying the waves of pleasure as they swept over her entire
body.
     Soon, both Doris and Suzie had her moaning uncontrollably.  Doris
teased her turgid nipple unmercifully, her hands gently, but firmly,
kneading the now hot flesh of Maria's breasts.  Each time Doris' tongue
flicked across her aching nipples, Maria would groan in pleasure.
     But it was Suzie who was driving her insane with desire.  Suzie
teased and tantalized her, bringing her close to the edge, but never
quite letting her get off.  Suzie would savagely suck and lick her
throbbing clit until Maria was certain that this time she would explode. 
But then Suzie would suddenly break rhythm and move down her slit,
teasing the soaking wet folds of burning flesh.  Or she would move to the
flesh of Maria's inner thighs and lightly bite the tender skin, the
resultant pain throwing Maria off.  Each time, Suzie, knowing just when,
would return to Maria's aching clit and bring her to even greater heights
of sexual frustration.  Soon Maria, with tears of frustration streaming
down her face, cried out, begging the two women to finish her off.
     Doris turned her body so her vagina was directly above Maria's
mouth.  Settling down gently, she redoubled her efforts at Maria's
breasts, with the first touch of Maria's tongue against her clitoris. 
Suzie, at last, stopped teasing and went at Maria's clit in earnest. 
Soon, Maria's whole body throbbed in ecstasy as she convulsed in a series
of orgasms, which left her breathless.  She felt exhausted and completely
drained.  As she started to doze off, she smiled as she glimpsed Doris
sink her head between Suzie's legs.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Maria awoke the next morning, alone.  Donning a housecoat, she made
her way to the kitchen.  Finding no one there, and feeling famished, she
started to prepare something to eat.
     Shortly thereafter, Doris appeared.  "Good morning," Doris said.  "I
trust you slept well."   Doris was positively radiant.
     "Yes, thank you," Maria replied.  "And it would appear that you did
rather well last night too."
     Doris blushed.  "Well, after we put you to sleep, Suzie asked me to
spend the night with her.  Maria looked quizzically at Doris's statement,
not quite understanding.  Doris added, "Last night, Suzie was to have
spent with her boyfriend.  Instead she choose to stay with me."  The two
women chatted as Maria made them something to eat.
     Just as she was dishing out the food, Suzie appeared.  "Well, I hope
there's something for me to eat," Suzie said.
     Maria groaned and said, "I don't think I could go another round for
awhile."  Realizing what she had said, she joined the other two women in
laughter.
     The three finished breakfast and moved to the living room.  "Well,
maybe I'll go into work today," Maria said.  "Thanks to you two, I feel
much better, and almost capable of taking on the world."
     "Only almost"  Maybe you need stay here a few more days," Doris
suggested.  Suzie added, "You aren't intending to go back to that young
bitch, are you?"
     Maria wasn't really sure, and told them so.  "But regardless of what
I do about Heather," she added, "I still have a business to run.  And if
you thought she was terrible the other night, you haven't seen anything
compared to how bad she is at running an office.  I'll be lucky if I have
any business left by the time I return."
     Suzie thought for a moment.  "You know, she still deserves some kind
of punishment for the way she treated you that night.  And particularly
for the way she allowed that muscle-brained ape to treat you."
     Maria could see a mischievous twinkle in Suzie's eyes as she
discussed Heather.  "And what might you have in mind?" Maria asked.
     "Well... you did say that she liked guys with big cocks, and that
she wasn't opposed to playing rough?"
     "Yes," Maria replied, still not certain where Suzie was leading with
this conversation.
     "And what is her worse fear?"
     "Hmmm..."  Maria thought for a moment.  "I'm not sure she's afraid
of anything, really.  I guess the closest I have ever seen her come to
being frightened was when she thought she might have to sleep with you on
that last job we did for you.  Come to think of it, that was when you
decided you couldn't stand her any more.  What did actually happen
between you two?"
     "I guess you always half suspected it, but I made a pass at her.  I
was surprised at how vehemently she refused.  You would have thought I
had suggested something abnormal or sickening to her by her reaction.  I
have to admit, I have never felt so rejected as I did that day.  And the
language that little vixen used.  I thought I knew it all, but she taught
me a few new swear words that day."
     Maria still looked confused.  "Okay so I can figure out the
frightening part, but what about the rest?
     "You  haven't met Jamal yet," Suzie replied.
     "Jamal?  Who's Jamal?"
     "He's that big black bastard that Suzie fools around with.  He's
totally disgusting.  No woman should have to submit to that animal,"
Doris chimed in.
     "Actually," Suzie interjected, "he's quite tame.  He is a brute of a
man, and his equipment is definitely not for the faint of heart, or the
small of cunt."  Suzie chuckled at her play on words.
     "Okay, so now we have Jamal and you.  But how do we get Heather
involved?  She won't go anywhere near you."
     "I have it figured out this way.  You go back to the office and tell
her you still aren't feeling well.  And that you expect her to carry out
the redecoration of my apartment, herself.  You can mention that I'll
being staying at your place until she is finished, so she can't object. 
Meanwhile, I'll arrange to have Jamal move in here and make sure he is
receptive to her advances.  Like you said, she likes them big, and once
she sees Jamal, it shouldn't take long for the two of them to become
involved.  And once that happens, she's mine.  I have it all worked out,
and I know Jamal will be more than willing to go along with our plan. 
There is little he wouldn't do if I ask nicely."
     The three women continued to plan their revenge.  Maria found she
was actually relishing the thought of getting back at Heather.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     The next day, Maria returned to the office as Suzie had suggested. 
She called Heather into her office.
     "Gee, Maria, I was worried about you.  I hope you're okay now.  I've
broken up with that prick, Collin, and I'm real sorry about what hap-
pened.  If you'd let me, I could come over tonight and show you just how
sorry I am," Heather said as she moved closer to Maria and tried to kiss
her.
     Maria turned her face away.  Taking several steps back away from the
girl, she said, "I don't wish to discuss what happened that night, thank
you.  Nor am I prepared just yet to discuss you moving back in with me. 
That wasn't why I called you in here.  I have a job for you while I am
away from the office."
     "You're going away again?  But what about the Vanderheim bitch?  We
need the money, if you expect to keep this place afloat."
     "You'll do Suzie's place while I'm gone," Maria replied, waiting for
the expected fireworks.
     "No fucking way!" Heather exploded, right on cue.  "I ain't going
near that old bitch.  She gives me the creeps.  There ain't no way, you
can make ..."
     "Shut up!" Maria snapped.  She stared hard at Heather, anger clearly
visible on her face.  The girl started to speak, but seeing Maria glare
at her, thought better of it.  Heather squirmed uncomfortably, waiting
for Maria to say something.
     "Now listen to me, you little bitch.  I have put up with about all
the shit I intend to from you.  You'll either do the job, or get the fuck
out.  And if you decide to walk, fine.  But I promise you I'll make sure
you never work anywhere in this town again.  For your information, Suzie
will be staying with me at my place, seeing as how she can't stand the
sight of you either.  Now I expect you to be at her place tomorrow
morning.  And you had better do the best job you ever have if you expect
to continue to work here.  I'll call you in the next couple of days to
check on your progress."  With that, Maria stormed out of the office,
leaving Heather standing there with her mouth agape.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Maria and Suzie were kept up to date with what Heather was doing by
Doris, who had stayed in the apartment.  As expected, Heather was quite
taken by Jamal and his size.  So far, little had happened between them. 
But according to a conversation Suzie had with Jamal one night, it wasn't
because Heather hadn't been trying.  Apparently she used any excuse to
touch or rub up against him.  Suzie asked Jamal to hold off for a day or
two more.  They wanted Heather to be ripe when they sprung the trap.
     Two days later Jamal allowed Heather to suck him off.  Suzie and
Maria enjoyed a good laugh when Jamal related later what had happened.
     "Gotta admit, I sure didn't expect her to react the way she did,"
Jamal said.  "Hell, I'm used to women reacting for the first time they
see my... er... family jewels, but it's usually with fear.  This bitch
went ape shit alright, but because she couldn't wait to get a hold of
it."
     Suzie interrupted him.  "Start at the beginning, Jamal.  We want to
hear the whole story.  How did you two get to the point that she was
looking at your equipment?"
     "Well, I was hanging around, like you asked me to do.  She came in
my room, and asked if I could give her a hand with something.  I said
sure and followed her to one of the back rooms.  She asked me to hold the
ladder while she hung up some drapes and stuff.  She kept going up and
down the ladder, rubbing that tight little body of hers against me every
chance she could.  She was wearing this real short skirt and when she was
up the ladder, I could tell she wasn't wearing anything under it.  Guess
I kind of reacted, cause the next thing I know she's practically drooling
over the lump in my pants."
     "She asked me if that was all me.  I laughed and said, 'Hell, if you
think that's something, wait 'til it gets hard'.  She grabbed hold of me
and I thought she was gonna tear it out by its roots.  She started
begging to see it, to touch it.  So I asked her, if I let it out what
would she do with it?  Her eyes never left my crotch as she answered,
'anything you want me to, anything you want'.  So I unzipped and let it
get some fresh air."
     "That when she went ape-shit.  She started tearing at her clothes,
begging me to stick it in her.  I swore she almost ripped my belt off
trying to get my pants off.  But I remembered what you said about only
letting her have a little at a time.  So I told her she had to suck me
off first.  That didn't seem to phase her at all.  She dropped to her
knees and practically swallowed me whole.  Hell, I've had some pros in my
day, but no one ever gave me a tongue licking like that girl.  And all
the while she's sucking me off, she keeps muttering something about 'it's
so big and so beautiful.'  That sure is one cock-crazy lady, let me tell
you."
     "Anyways, just as I'm coming in her mouth, Doris comes in the room. 
She'd been waiting outside like we planned.  And I'm sure glad she at
least waited 'til I got my rocks off.  Anyways, she pretended to go
hysterical when she saw my er... penis.  While she was screaming and
everything, I hiked up my pants and got the hell out of there, like I was
suppose to.  Hope I did good for you, Suzie.  And while I hate to say
this, I'm really looking forward to my next go around with that crazy
lady."
     "Don't worry Jamal," Suzie told him.  "You did excellent.  And I
promise you, you'll have all you want of that little bitch before this is
over."
     They heard the rest of the story when Doris checked in with them the
next morning.
     "So Jamal said everything went off without a hitch last night?" 
Suzie prompted.
     "Sure did," Doris replied with a chuckle.  "Heather just left for
the office.  A little tired from lack of sleep, but otherwise, I think
she's as ripe as she'll get."  Doris let out a loud yawn.  "Sorry about
that.  Guess I didn't get much sleep either."
     "She spent the night there?" Maria asked.
     "Er... yes, she did," Doris answered timidly.
     "I think you better explain what happened after Jamal left," Suzie
suggested, somewhat sternly.
     "Please Suzie, you have to believe me.  I did it for Maria, and for
you.  I didn't really enjoy it all that much," Doris said defensively.
     "Never mind that.  Tell us what happened,"  Suzie commanded.
     "Well, I waited outside the room like we planned while Jamal and
Heather were in there.  I could hear the two of them quite easily, so I
knew when he was having his orgasm.  I waited a few minutes more, so he
could at least finish.  I mean, even if he is a male, he still deserved
to get some enjoyment out of our little charade."
     "Anyway, when I thought it appropriate, I entered the room and saw
them there.  Heather was kneeling in front of him, sucking the last of
his orgasm from him, and trying to remove her clothing.  She was mumbling
something about now that he had had his, it was her turn.  When Jamal saw
me, he backed away from her and faced me.  That big ugly thing of his was
pointed right at me.  One look at it and I thought I was going to faint."
     "But I couldn't let you and Maria down, Suzie.   So I closed my
eyes, took a big breath, and started screaming.  I don't remember exactly
what I said.  All I know I just let all the revulsion and sick feelings I
had inside from seeing him like that.  Jamal took off like we planned,
leaving just Heather and me."
     "Guess she was frightened someone might hear me screaming, cause she
came to me and tried to get me to calm me down.  I let her lead me back
to my room.  I lay on the bed, still trembling.  She said something about
leaving, and I started screaming again.  Something about Jamal coming
back and attacking me.  Again she tried to calm me."
     "I begged her to stay with me.  She didn't like that idea.  That
when I suggested that I couldn't stay alone, and would have to call you
and Maria.  She didn't like that idea either.  Reluctantly, she agreed to
stay."
     "And that's all she did?  Stayed with you?" Maria asked.
     "Well, my nerves were shot," Doris replied.
     "So?" demanded Suzie.  "What does that have to do with anything?"
     "Well, she helped me calm them," Doris said evasively.
     "How, Doris?  How exactly did she help you calm your nerves?"  Suzie
asked, her voice barely hiding her irritation.
     "We made love.  Actually she made love to me.  I made sure I didn't
give her any satisfaction so she'd still be eager for another session
with Jamal.  I mean I was here all alone and ..."
     "I can't imagine she did so willingly," Maria interrupted.  "Just
how did you manage to get her to do that?"
     "It was easier than I thought it would be.  Each time she refused,
I'd start to call you two.  For some reason, she was real eager for you
not to know what happened here last night.  She made me promise I would
talk to you about taking her back.  Tell you how she's changed and
everything."
     "I bet,"  Maria said with a harsh laugh.  "But if this works as
planned, she'll change for real."
     "Doris," Suzie interrupted.  "I think it's time our little girl is
taught her lesson.  I'll call Jamal and set things up for tonight.  If
you hear from her today let her know you will be spending the night here. 
And make sure she knows Jamal will be there alone tonight."
     Doris agreed, saying she'd see them later that day.  As Maria hung
up the phone, Suzie rolled over and lightly caressed her bare breast. 
Maria turned to give Suzie better access.  Suzie leaned over and took a
nipple into her mouth as her hands moved down in search of Maria's
center.  A moan escaped from Maria as Suzie's hand made contact with her
vagina.
     Suzie raised her face from Maria's breasts and said, "Looks as if
everyone was satisfied last night.  Everyone but poor Heather that is. 
But after tonight, she'll have all the satisfaction her delectable little
body can take."  Suzie pushed herself downward until her face was buried
between Maria's spread legs.
     Maria lay there, allowing the pleasant sensations caused by Suzie's
mouth and tongue to wash over her.  As she felt her orgasm once again
build deep within her center, she smiled.  If all went as planned, soon
it would be Heather, an eager, gentler Heather, down there, giving her
equal pleasure.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Heather sat at her desk, reviewing the details on the renovation of
Suzie's apartment.  If all went well, she should be finished today.  She
made a mental note to call Doris to ensure she could get into the
apartment today.  The thought of that woman, and what she had had to do
last night sent a shudder down her spine.
     Since Maria had thrown her out, she had been staying at the local
'Y'.  After leaving Doris, she had returned to her room and even though
she had showered twice, she still felt dirty.  But, she had had no
choice.  Heather realized that Doris had the same phobia as Maria when it
came to men.  At least Doris wasn't as bad as that old bitch, Suzie.  And
if Maria ever found out about what had happened last night with Jamal and
Doris, Heather knew she could forget about ever getting back together.
     Besides the fact that Heather needed this job, she really did like
Maria.  And she even liked the sex, though she wasn't about to give up
men.  She thought of Jamal and how she almost managed to get it on with
him last night.  At least she had managed to get that big black cock in
her mouth last night.  She was sure that the next time she would be
successful and get it where she really wanted it, buried deep between her
legs.
     Reaching for the phone, she called Doris.  She was a bit anxious
when Doris said she would be going over to Maria's.  But Doris assured
her she wouldn't mention anything to Maria about what had happened the
night before.  Doris said she had made arrangements with the doorman to
give Heather a key, so she could get into the apartment.  "Suzie is still
at Maria's, and Jamal won't be home until sometime after 5.  If you need
anything, you'll have to call me at Maria's," Doris added.
     Heather said that should be okay, and she didn't think she would
need to disturb Maria.  As she hung up the phone, her mind raced,
planning what she would have to do at the apartment.  And how afterward,
she'd have Jamal all to herself without any interruptions this time.
     Heather worked her ass off, getting as much done as she could at the
office before she took off for Suzie's apartment.  The doorman, recogniz-
ing her, handed her the key and offered to carry some of the parcels she
brought upstairs for her. Seeing the lecherous look on his face, she
declined, afraid she would not be able to get rid of him was they were
upstairs.  While he looked like he might be fun, she had bigger fish (or
was it cock?) to catch.
     Once in the apartment, Heather took a quick tour to make sure the
place was empty.  Wouldn't do if Doris had changed her mind.  Satisfied
she was alone, she started putting the finishing touches to the apart-
ment-- some lacy curtains on this window, an accent lamp on this table.
     It was just after four when she finished.  Taking a leisurely walk
through the apartment, she was quite proud of the work she had done.  She
was sure that old dried up cunt would like it, too.  And if she liked,
it, Maria would like.  And if Maria liked it, Heather might just have the
opening she needed to get back in Maria's good graces.
     But that was tomorrow, she thought.  Tonight is still to happen. 
Checking her watch, she saw she still had time to take a quick shower to
wash the grime off her body.  She wanted it clean and sweet smelling for
Jamal.
     As she showered, she pictured him poised above her, his enormous
penis pressed against her yearning nether lips.  Her hands lightly
stroked her bush, her fingers folding back her outer lips to tease her
clit.  As the hot water washed down upon her, her knees bent to allow her
hips to thrust forward as she buried a finger deep inside her vagina.
     Shit, she swore.  What the fuck am I doing wasting time playing with
myself, when I'll soon be having the real thing.  Quickly she finished
her shower, and dried herself until her skin had a pinkish glow.  She
checked the time, and saw Jamal should be home shortly, if what Doris
told her was true.  She grabbed her clothing and headed to his room. 
Tossing her clothes on the floor near the bed, she laid down and waited.
     Time seemed to stand still as she lay there, waiting.  Bored, she
imagined what it would be like once they were together.  As images of
their sweating, lust-crazed bodies filled her mind, Heather absent-
mindedly stroked her vagina.  As her imaginary lover filled her with his
rampant cock, she pushed two fingers deep inside her.  Her hips arched
upward in response as she lightly teased her awakening clit.
     Her thoughts and actions were interrupted by the sound of a door
opening and closing.  She listened attentively for the sound of footsteps
approaching the room.  She heard nothing.  She wondered if she had made a
mistake.  Panic rose up in her as she wondered if he slept in that old
bitch's room.  Heather felt such revulsion at the mere thought of Suzie
that she started to shake.
     Suddenly, Jamal appeared in the open doorway.  His gaze swept over
Heather's naked form.  A small smile played at the corners of his mouth
as he approached her.  "Shit, woman.  What the fuck do you think you're
doing?  Didn't you get me in enough shit the last time?"  Taking a deep
breath, he added, "Smells like a fucking whorehouse in here."
     Heather spread her legs wider as she resumed her finger-fucking. 
She smiled triumphantly as his eyes locked onto her exposed vagina.  "Ah,
come on, Jamal.  You know you loved it. If it hadn't been for that batty
bitch, you and I would have really gotten it on.  I came here tonight to
make it up to you.  And myself," she added mischievously.  "Just gotta
have that big beautiful black cock of yours buried deep inside of me"
     "I ain't sure you'd be able to handle all of it," he replied
chuckling. "You're such a small little thing, and I'd hate to hurt you
bad."
     "Shit!  From what I saw yesterday, I can take whatever you got with
no trouble.  Besides, there are times when a little discomfort, a little
pain only adds to the fun."
     Jamal grinned.  "So you ain't afraid of it getting a little rough?"
     Heather answered, "Hell no!  Always did like it rough.  More fun
that way.  But do you intend to stand there all night and talk about it? 
Or are you actually going to get around to doing something?"
     Jamal didn't respond to her taunts.  Instead he moved to the dresser
and took something out from one of the drawers.  Turning back to the bed,
he said, "Well, we'll see just how rough you can play.  Spread your legs,
wide."
     Heather did as requested.  Jamal reached down and grabbed one of her
ankles.  Heather finally saw what it was he had retrieved from the
dresser drawer.  A shiver ran down her spine as Jamal locked handcuffs
around her slender ankle.  He hooked the other end to the leg of the bed. 
Moving across the foot of the bed, he did the same with her other foot.
     Heather thought she would split in two like a wishbone, he had
spread her legs so far apart.  Jamal returned to the dresser and came
away with two lengths of cord.  Returning to the bed, he grabbed one of
her wrists, and less than gently tied it to the head railing.  He slowly
walked around the bed, all the time his eyes roaming over her body.
     Heather smiled up at him as she stretched her arm out to him.  He
encircled the other wrist with the cord and then tied the other end
tightly to the head board.  Heather tested her bindings and found she was
securely bound.  Jamal walked back to the foot of the bed and surveyed
his handy work.
     "Gotta admit, you sure do look tasty, laid out like that.  Think
maybe I'll grab me a taste or two."  He quickly undressed and went around
the bed until he was level with her head.  Leaning over the edge of the
bed, he covered her mouth with his, his tongue burrowing deeply into her
mouth.  His enormous hands reached out and squeezed her small breasts,
his fingers pinching her tender nipples.
     He lifted his face from hers, expecting her to cry out at his rough
treatment.  Instead Heather teased.  "Well?  Thought you said something
about playing rough."
     Jamal simply smiled in reply.  His hands still roughly kneading her
firm tits, he moved until he knelt between her spread legs.  His hands
left her breasts and travelled down along her body until they firmly
grasped her straining thighs.  He kneaded the flesh, occasionally
pinching the tender inner flesh.
     His fingers probed the fleshy outer lips of her vagina, then grasped
her wispy pubic hair, spreading the lips apart.  He leaned over and his
mouth lightly ran along the exposed inner pinkness.  He teased her with
lips, tongue and hands.  Heather squirmed beneath him, her thighs
straining against her restraints as she tried to raise her hips.  Jamal,
having been told about her anal fetish, jammed a finger deep in her anus. 
His efforts were rewarded as Heather gave out a loud moan and begged for
more.
     Jamal continued to work her body but never allowed her release. 
Heather started to beg him to put his big, hard cock in her hot, wet
cunt.  At last, Jamal moved above her, poised to enter her.  Again,
Heather fought against her bindings, as she tried to raise her hips
higher in an attempt to entrap his rigid shaft between her yearning
vaginal lips.  She groaned in frustration as she realized she didn't have
the leeway necessary with her legs and wrists bound as they were.
     Placing a great glob of split on the head of his enormous penis,
Jamal pressed it against her throbbing cunt.  Teasingly, he ran it up and
down her wet slit, his eyes watching her face twist in frustration. 
Pulling his hips back, he thrusted hard against her waiting flesh,
sinking his cock to its full length within her.
     Heather screamed out.  It wasn't a scream of pain, but rather one of
pure joy.  "Oh God, yes!  Fuck me!  Harder.  God yes, like that.  Harder
and faster.  Give it all to me.  I need that fucking cock."
     Jamal slowed his movements, withdrawing his shaft until only its tip
was embedded between her cunt lips.  And then, just as slowly, he re-
sheathed his rock hard cock until he was fully seated in her hole, only
to start the cycle again.  Heather rocked her head from side to side in
frustration, pleading with him to stop teasing and fuck her for real. 
She promised him anything he wanted if he would only increase his tempo.
     A large grin splitting his face, Jamal ignored her pleas and
continued his slow torture.  Despite her frustration, Heather sensed her
orgasm begin to build.  Her breath became ragged as her moans grew in
volume.  As the tension built deep within her vaginal muscles, she
started a low, throaty chant, "Fuck me... fuck me baby... fuck me... fuck
me baby..."  Just as Heather looked as if she was about to come, Jamal
withdrew his cock fully from between her legs.
     "What the fuck?" Heather cried out.  "Please!  Don't stop now, I'm
almost there.  Just put it back in.  You can't do this to me, you fucking
bastard.  Come on, baby, finish me.  We'll do anything you want after-
ward, but you can't leave me hanging like this.  Please baby, stick it
back in.  All I need is just a little bit more."
     "Well, isn't that a pretty sight," Suzie said from the doorway.
     Heather was too far gone to realize there was someone else in the
room.  She continued to plead and curse.  "You fucking nigger.  I need
that cock.  If I ever get up from here, I'll cut your fucking balls off,
you mother fucking bastard.  Please baby, just stick it back in for a
little bit.  If you don't, I swear I'll bite your balls off, you cock-
sucking, mother-fucking black ape."
     Suzie walked over to the bed and looked down at Heather.  "My, my. 
We do have a vile temper, don't we?"
     Heather finally noticed Suzie standing above her.  She tried
frantically to free herself.  Suzie reached down between Jamal's legs and
grasped his rigid shaft.  His cock jumped as she tenderly stroked it.
     "Is this what you're making such a fuss about?  It is good, isn't
it?  Makes you just want to cum, just looking at it, doesn't it?  Makes
your insides feel like molten rubber when it's buried deep inside you,
doesn't it?  I know how you're feeling, dear.  Jamal is such a tease,
isn't he?  Tell you what... maybe we can come to some arrangement.  Maria
tells me you can do absolutely wicked things with that tongue of yours. 
She even claims you are almost as good as me.  I find that hard to
believe.  But maybe, if you are a good girl, and show me just how good
you can eat cunt, my cunt, I think I might convince Jamal to stick this
gorgeous cock back in your cunt long enough for you to get off."
     Heather's eyes were riveted on Jamal's cock as Suzie continued to
slowly milk it.  As much as her body screamed for release, there was no
way she would ever go down on the old bitch.  "Fuck you!" she snapped at
Suzie.  "I'd rather die than stick my face anywhere near that rotting
gash you call a cunt.  I don't want or need any favours from you.  Just
untie me, and I'll finish myself off.  You can get your thrills watching
if you want, but ain't no fucking way I'm ever gonna do you, bitch!"
     Suzie smiled.  "I simply love people with spunk," she said, laugh-
ingly.  "Don't know if you noticed, but you really aren't in a position
to refuse anyone anything right now."  Suzie tugged on the cord attached
to Heather's wrist to emphasis her point.  "But I respect your feelings. 
And I would never, ever force you to make love to me.  You just lie
there, and watch as Jamal does to me what you so badly want for him to do
to you.  And if by some chance, you should decide to change your mind,
just say so."
     Suzie started to disrobe.  Jamal went to stand behind her, and
helped remove her clothing.  As Suzie removed her bra, his hands caressed
her breasts.  He teased her nipples until they responded to his touch. 
Suzie reached behind her and grasped his still erect member.  Turning her
face sideways, she sought his mouth, her tongue licking his parted lips. 
Jamal returned the kiss.  One hand continued to fondle her small breasts,
as his other hand moved down until it covered her mound.
     "Oh Jamal," Suzie sighed as his fingers gently massaged her bush,
"That feels so good.  I wonder if Heather felt as good as I do now.  Too
bad she's so stubborn.  Oh yessssss, Jamal!  Your finger feels so good. 
I can feel myself getting hot already."
     Heather tried not to watch, but she couldn't take her eyes off
Jamal's probing and stroking of Suzie's body.  She couldn't help but
remember what it had felt like when he done those things to her body. 
Heather's breath caught in her throat as Jamal moved to Suzie's side,
affording her full view of his enormous cock silhouetted against Suzie's
pale stomach.
     Suzie turned to face him, and slowly slid down his body to her
knees.  Grasping his penis with both hands, she brought it to her lips. 
She ran her tongue along the underside and then brought her mouth down on
it, sucking it loudly.  "M-m-mmm, it tastes so good," she said as she
pulled her mouth away.  "I think it tastes even better than usual.  Why
how foolish of me.  Of course it does.  You have Heather's sweet cunt
juices all over it, don't you.  I wonder how much she liked it when it
was buried deep inside her hot, sweet cunt."
     Suzie again took his rigid cock into her mouth and loudly sucked it. 
Jamal reached out and caressed Heather's lower legs.  Suzie stopped what
she was doing and saw Heather react to his touch.  "Oh the poor girl.  
Jamal, I do think she is in a bit of discomfort.  Maybe you should just
stick it in her a little bit.  Now don't get carried away.  I just want
her to remember the feeling, in case she's forgotten."  Jamal crawled
onto the bed and moved to position himself once again over Heather.  He
gently rubbed his shaft up and down the length of her aching vagina.
     "Now stop that!" Suzie chastised him.  "Don't tease the poor girl
like that.  Put it in her.  That's what she wants so badly."  Jamal
complied and sunk his cock its full length into Heather's waiting cunt.
     Heather let out a deep moan and tried to raise her hips to push him
deeper.  "Oh yes, God!  Please, just like that.  Please don't stop,"
Heather crooned contently.  Jamal continued to move in and out of her. 
Heather's breathing became more ragged, and her entire body seemed flush.
     "Now, now Jamal.  I said don't over do it.  I think the poor girl
has had enough for now.  Look at how red she is becoming.  We can't have
her feeling sick now, can we?  Come back here so I can again get a taste
of her."
     Jamal slowly withdrew his cock from Heather's cunt.  A sob of
frustration broke from her lips as she watched Jamal return to Suzie. 
Suzie, still kneeling, again took his shaft into her mouth.
     "I can hardly believe it," Suzie said.  "But she tastes even sweeter
then before.  Maybe I'll just have to get some more right from the
source."  Suzie rose and moved to the bed.  Lying down between Heather's
spread legs, she brought her face to the wet vagina before her.  Suzie's
tongue flicked out to lash the enlarged clitoris there.  She heard a
sharp intake of breath.  Lifting her head, she looked deep into Heather's
eyes.
     "All you need to do is say yes.  And both Jamal and I will wring
every last climax out of that slender body that it is capable of experi-
encing."  Suzie's hand went below to Heather's anus and jammed a finger
deep inside it.  She smiled as Heather fought to suppress a moan and
lost.  "Just imagine the pleasure you'd feel with Jamal's cock deep in
your cunt and my tongue in here?  There is really no reason you should be
suffering like this.  Not when you could be having the greatest fuck of
your life.  And all you need to do is say yes."
     Heather was unable to respond.  The stupid bitch mustn't realize
what she was doing.  Heather could feel herself once again nearing the
crest of a wave.  Just a few minutes more, and she would be there.  Just
a few minutes more and she would have the release she so desperately
needed.
     But Suzie was more aware of what was happening to Heather's body
than the girl realized.  Bring her to within inches of climaxing, Suzie
lowered her head and bit hard into the soft, tender flesh of Heather's
inner thigh.  Heather screamed in pain.  Partly because of the bite, but
mostly because she had been pulled down hard from the heights she had
been trying so desperately to reach.
     "You fucking old bag," she screamed at Suzie.  "I wouldn't eat that
rotting, stinking slit you call a cunt for all the money in the world."
     Suzie stroked the reddened flesh that still clearly showed her teeth
marks.  "I know, sweet thing.  But you will eat me out for one rather
large cock.  Only now, because you insist on being so crude, I do believe
you will have to beg for the privilege to do so.  Yes.  I think I will
enjoy hearing you beg me to be allowed to eat this... how did you
describe it?  Oh yes... beg to be allowed to eat out this rotting,
stinking slit."
     Suzie moved up the bed until she straddled Heather's chest.  Calling
over her shoulder to Jamal, she instructed him to do the same, but over
Heather's head.
     Suzie reached down and stroked Heather's breasts, tweaking the
already engorged nipples.  Smiling, she said, "I just want to be certain
you have a bird's eye view of what we're about to do.  I wouldn't want
you to miss a thing as Jamal puts this gorgeous cock up my rotting cunt."
     Suzie turned around and knelt doggie style with her vagina just
inches from Heather's face.  Jamal grasped his shaft and pressed it
against Suzie's waiting cunt.  She moved back slowly, forcing Jamal's
cock deep inside her.  She moved her hips back and forth, increasing
speed, all the while extolling the pleasure she was receiving.  Heather
could do little else but watch the giant cock move in and out of the
vagina just inches from her eyes, as Suzie's love juices sprayed down on
her face.
     Suzie's hands were again at Heather's aching clit, teasing her to
further arousal.  But as before, Suzie always seemed to know just when to
stop, or how to bring the girl crashing down just prior to release. 
Heather's entire body screamed out in sexual frustration.  She knew she
would lose her sanity if she did not somehow come.
     Not realizing who spoke, Heather heard a voice cry out, "Please! 
I'll do anything you want.  Just finish me.  Please.  I don't care if
it's a cock or your tongue, I need something, anything.  I can't take it
any more.  Please?"  Suddenly it dawned on her, it was her voice that was
pleading.  Tears of frustration poured down her cheeks.
     Suzie stopped moving on Jamal's shaft.  Moving away from him, she
turned and faced Heather.  "Did you say something, my dear?"
     "Yes, damn you," Heather shot back, finding a spark of rebellion
still in her.  "I said I'd eat your fucking cunt.  Don't tell me you're
hard of hearing, too."
     Suzie reached down and stroked Heather's cheek.  "I'm really sorry,
dear.  But I did say you would have to beg for it first.  And obviously,
you're not quite ready yet.  I think Jamal and I should just leave you
here for awhile to reconsider.  Come Jamal, we'll finish this in my
room."
     Heather couldn't allow that.  She needed to come, now.  She was too
far along to be able to just simply let go.  She swallowed her disgust
and her prode, and started to beg.  "Please Suzie.  I want to, really I
do.  I'll be good.  I promise.  Just let me suck your sweet cunt... er...
I mean vagina.  I beg you, please.  I can't go on like this.  I'll do
whatever you want.  I'll suck your ass, even eat it out.  Please, I'm
begging as best I can."
     Suzie laughed.  Her hand stroked Heather's sopping wet cunt, her
fingers teasing the burning clit.  The girl squirmed beneath her, her
eyes pleading for physical release.  Suzie patted the aching vagina and
rose from the bed.  She motioned for Jamal to follow her and started for
the door.
     Heather, seeing them leaving, was frantic.  "Please," she cried out,
"I want to eat you.  I need to eat you.  I'll do anything to be allowed
to eat you.  Please let me put my mouth to your beautiful pussy. 
PLEASE!"  Heather broke down and started sobbing in frustration.  "Let me
eat your sweet beautiful pussy.  Please Suzie, please," she whimpered.
     Suzie conferred in whispers with Jamal.  He walked over to the bed
and undid the handcuffs binding Heather's ankles.  Moving to the head of
the bed, he untied her wrists.  Grabbing her by the waist, he roughly
flipped her on to her stomach.  Taking her hands, he pulled them behind
her, and fastened them together using the handcuffs.  He then picked her
up and threw her on the floor.
     Suzie went and laid on the bottom of the bed, positioning herself so
her legs just barely hung over the edge of the bed.  "Bring her here,
Jamal," she commanded.
     Jamal reached down, and grabbing Heather by the handcuffs, forced
her to her feet.  Dragging her around the bed, he again threw her to the
floor.  Heather struggled to her knees and crawled to the edge of the
bed.  Suzie moved further upward, forcing Heather to climb up on the bed. 
It was difficult without the use of her hands, but somehow she managed. 
She immediately sank her face between Suzie's legs and started lapping
the hairy box.
     "I thought you said you would eat me good?" Suzie admonished the
girl.  "That has to be the worst sucking I have ever had.  I would
suggest you start showing a bit more ability.  Or, you'll be placed back
on this bed to reconsider your poor performance, while I take Jamal and
fuck the shit out of him inches from your eyes."  Heather reapplied
herself to the task at hand.  She used every trick she could think of. 
"Well, that is a bit better.  But still a far cry from what I consider
good.  I am not pleased.  Maybe if Jamal gives you some inspiration, it
might help.  Jamal?"
     He reached out and stroked Heather's firm buttocks.  The touch of
his hands on her ass sent shivers down her spine.  She pressed back
against his hands in an attempt to improve the contact.  But in doing so,
she inadvertently broke her contact with Suzie's vagina.
     "This girl never learns, does she, Jamal?" Suzie said, regret strong
in her voice.  "I think you'll have to be less gentle from now on."
     The next thing Heather knew was pain from the hands that just a
moment ago had been so loving.  Jamal squeezed hard on her soft flesh
with one hand as he struck her hard across the buttocks with the other. 
Heather responded with a yelp of pain.
     "You can't seem to remember where you want your mouth, can you?"
asked Suzie.  "Jamal, I think she needs your help again."
     Jamal grabbed the handcuffs binding her hands and jerked upward. 
Heather thought her arms were being pulled from their sockets, and
crashed down hard into Suzie's crotch.  Jamal continued to apply pressure
on her arms, forcing her to bury her face even deeper.
     "Well at last, you seem to have found your place.  But now you seem
to have forgotten why you're there."
     Jamal's enormous hand reached out and encompassed the back of
Heather's head.  He squished Heather's face from side to side in Suzie's
bush.  Realizing she was in for more rough treatment if she didn't get
back to eating the cunt before her, Heather again brought her mouth and
tongue to suck it.  She tried her best in hopes that Suzie would soon
come.  She was so intent on trying to please the woman, she didn't
realize Jamal was no longer behind her.
     He walked over to the dresser and once again took out something from
a drawer.  It was a large jar of vaseline.  Walking back to the bed, he
smeared globs of the stuff on his still erect cock.  Reaching for
Heather's ass, he began to stroke it.
     Heather enjoyed the feeling, but knew better this time than to allow
it to distract her from Suzie's cunt.  Her mouth was like glue against
Suzie's cunt, and her tongue worked overtime, licking and sucking the
woman's hot flesh.  Heather could at last sense Suzie starting to respond
to her efforts.
     Jamal, continuing to tease Heather's ass, began to smear vaseline
around her rectum.  He pushed at first one and then two fingers deep into
her rectal canal.  Heather started to squirm in response.  There was a
bit of discomfort as she wasn't use to having anything that large in her
rectum.  But as Jamal brought his other hand around to tease her vagina,
she could feel the heat build between her legs.  Heather pressed her
tongue deeper into Suzie's opening so as to hide her raising her ass
higher.  She spread her legs further apart, hoping to give Jamal better
access to both her openings.
     "Oooo, that's much better, Heather," Suzie moaned.  "I think maybe
it is time for you to feel the full strength of Jamal's gorgeous cock. 
You just keep doing what you're doing, and Jamal will take care of the
rest, won't yoy, Jamal?"  Suzie let out a wicked laugh.  Before Heather
realized what was happening, Jamal withdrew his fingers from her asshole. 
His arm wrapped around her slender waist and held her tightly as his
penis rammed itself into her rectum.
     The pain nearly killed her.  Hot searing pain spread through her
body as her sphincter muscle tore under his assault.  "Nooooo," she
screamed.  "Please make him stop.  Make him take it out.  My God, he's
killing me."
     Suzie just laid there, laughing, as Jamal slowly forced his full
length up Heather's rectum.  "Does it hurt, sweetheart??  Gee, and we
thought you simply adored big cocks.  I thought you said you could never
get enough of them.  Don't tell me Jamal is too much for you.  You aren't
afraid of a little cock now, are you?"
     Heather tried to tear herself away from the burning rod embedded
deep in her, but to no avail.  Jamal, still holding her tight around the
waist with one arm, grabbed the handcuffs and lifted her arms, forcing
her face back between Suzie's legs.
     "Knowing how much you must be enjoying Jamal's delicious cock right
now, I'll tell you what.  As you seem to be rather slow in getting me
off, I'll let you have all the fun you want.  Jamal will keep plugging
your ass, until I finally come.  While I would like that to happen
sometime tonight, I have grown to like you with your face in my stinking,
rotting slit.  So take all the time you need.  If we don't finish
tonight,  we can always start again in the morning.  By the way.  I think
I forgot to tell you, Jamal takes forever before he comes.  So don't
worry about him running out of steam.  He should be good for several
hours yet.  And I'm sure the pain will go away eventually.  That is once
he's fucked that tight ass of yours long enough to stretch it to size." 
Again the room filled with Suzie's laughter.
     Tears streamed down Heather's face.  She thought she would pass out
from the pain.  Jamal continued to ream her asshole and she had no choice
but to reapply herself to Suzie's now soaking wet cunt.  She thought the
old bitch would never start responding again.  But finally Suzie stopped
laughing and started to squirm beneath Heather's oral ministrations.
     Heather let up just a bit in her attention to Suzie in an attempt to
catch her breath.  But when she did, Suzie motioned to Jamal to increase
his pummelling of her rectum.  Forgetting everything, even the burning
pain, Heather threw herself mindlessly into satisfying Suzie.  Even when
she knew Suzie had come for the second time, she did not stop.
     She was simply a mindless machine, sucking and licking that warm
inviting cunt.  Her whole universe was centered there.  Even when her
head was roughly pulled away, her mouth and tongue continued the loving
motions.
     She only distantly felt her hands being released from the handcuffs. 
Slowly she regained her senses, and then was almost overwhelmed by the
pain.  She shut her eyes tightly, hoping to block out the world, and with
it the terrifying pain.  Sobs racked her abused body as she lay limply
upon the bed.
     Suzie slid off the bed.  She reached out for Heather and lifted her
up into a sitting position.  "Well, I must admit you did fairly well that
time, little one.  You show lots of promise.  We will have to do this
again real soon.  I can't remember the last time Jamal and I enjoyed
someone as much as we did you tonight.  I guess you finally do deserve
some kind of reward.  Seeing as how you did all this simply because you
craved Jamal's cock, I think it is only fitting that you should have it. 
Here, take it.  Jamal's cock is yours."
     Heather opened her eyes to see Jamal's still rigid shaft mere inches
from her face.  She could clearly see the bloody tissue it had reamed
from her ass, mixed with her own shit.  She started to scream.
     "Please, get it away from me.  Please don't let it hurt me any more. 
Please take it away, it is trying to devour me.  Please help me.  Get it
away from me."  Heather started to cry hysterically and curled into a
tight ball.
     "Oh come on," Suzie replied.  "It's only a cock.  And you do love
the big ones.  The bigger the better, I thought you said.  Here, feel
it."  Suzie grabbed Heather's hand and pulled it to the slimy, erect
member.
     Heather, with strength she didn't know she still had, pulled free
and jumped from the bed.  She crouched at Suzie's feet.  "Please no more. 
I'll eat you good again.  Just keep that cock away from me."  Heather
buried her face between Suzie's legs, her hands frantically trying to pry
them apart to permit her access.  "I'll do anything for you, just keep it
away from me.  Please let me do you again"
     "What the fuck is going on in here?  What have you done to Heather? 
Heather?  Are you okay?" Maria asked as she came rushing into the room. 
She went to the frightened girl and put her arms around her.
     "Oh, Maria.  Take me away from here.  I want to go home, please?"
     Maria helped her to stand, and grabbing Heather's clothes from the
floor, led her from the room.  Helping her dress outside the room, Maria
called back to Suzie, "If you've done her any serious damage, I'll see
you go to jail.  Come Heather, let's get out of this horrible place."
     Meekly, Heather headed for the front door.  Just before she followed
Heather out of the apartment, Maria turned and looked back.  Seeing Jamal
and Suzie standing there, she smiled.  Blowing each of them a kiss, she
mouthed the words 'thank you'.
     Maria took Heather back to her apartment.  Tenderly, she bathed the
girl, washing the filth from her body, and helped her to bed.  Heather
was feverish for several days and subjected to many nightmares.  Maria
never left her side.  When Heather finally started to recover from the
ordeal, Maria was the happiest she had been in years.


                             컴컴컴o0o컴컴컴


     Maria was in bed with Suzie, feeling sated and drowsy  Several weeks
had past since that fateful night.  "Suzie, I now have another thing for
which I am in your debt.  I can't believe the changes that has come over
Heather.  She has never been so gentle, so attentive to my needs.  Nor
has she ever been so talented with that mouth of hers."
     "Maria, my sweet.  Consider it a debt already paid.  I still tremble
with delight at the memory of that sweet mouth.  My only regret is that I
may never know it again because of that night.  Surely they must be
painful memories for her."
     "Well to be honest, Suzie, I think if you can wait a little while
longer, I can help you out there.  I have already promised Heather if she
ever displeases me again, I will personally deliver her to your door. 
And there are days when I displease quite easily.  Particularly when I
get bored and want to roam.  So give me another week or two.  At least
until the newness of a reformed Heather wears off, and the roaming urge
hits me, and she is yours.  At least for a day or two until I tire of
playing around and want her back.  It is nice to know that there is
someone who will do anything for you.  But I still need the occasional
diversion."
     Suzie laughed and said, "I know the feeling.  You now have your
Heather and I have my Doris.  But we both need variety.  And right now, I
need another taste of your sweetness."  Suzie lowered her head between
Maria's legs seeking the warm, wet center.
     Maria let out a low moan as Suzie's tongue found her yearning flesh. 
"I can't wait to see what you teach her next," Maria said just before she
allowed herself to sink within the growing bubble caused by Suzie's
wicked and experienced tongue.

                              -----o0o-----

      All rights reserved. Copyright (C) 1991, 1992 DEH Enterprises
            May be freeling distributed by cybernetic media.
  Hard copies are restricted to single printings for personal use only.
