 Marion was on the table getting her breath back after the vibrators and the
real thing had been removed from her cavities. She was still aroused from
the action that had taken place on the table only minutes ago.
 " Put your legs back in the stirrups Marion." she was told and she hastened
to obey the voice.
 She felt the stirrups move again and she knew that she was being opened to
the gaze of the men who came to the edge of the table. She felt something
wet on the lips of her vulva and looked down to see white foam, and she
smelled the slightly medicinal odor of shaving cream. Don came to stand 
between her legs and he held in his hand a razor which he quickly applied 
to her and began stroking the remaining hair from her pussy. When the shave
was complete she was suddenly overcome with a feeling of pain on the skin
of her crotch. She recognized that some liquid had been poured on her lower
abdomen and Don was rubbing it into the just-shaven area. 
 " This is as good as after shave, and it will stop you from having any
infection from the shave. It's rubbing alcohol and be thankful that we're
not going to set it on fire. " Don said with a laugh, as though it was a 
great joke.
 Marion took in a deep breath and worked very hard to contain herself and
keep from yelling out, partly from the pain of the alcohol and partly from
her fear that they might set her afire.
 " Sit up now Marion and make sure that your ass is over the opening in the
table." another voice, this time Lyle, commanded.
 She sat upright and moved a little so that her buttocks were centered over
the  circular opening.
 She was aware of someone getting under the table and she knew what the 
purpose of the table cut out was. She felt fingers at her bottom and felt the
cheeks spread apart. A cool smooth object touched at her anus and she recoiled
from the contact. 
 " Keep still Marion or you will again feel the martinet on your ass. Better
that you stay still and feel the dildo up your ass." she heard as she settled
back down  to absorb the entrance of the foreign object into her.
 As she sat on the table and felt the dildo enter completely, it began to 
vibrate with a forceful low frequency buzzing. After five or six minutes she
was opened at the anus by having her cheeks painfully spread and by having 
what felt like thumbs placed on her where the skin of her buttocks met the 
brown ring of her asshole. As pressure was put on the thumbs she felt the
dildo begin to exit, and as the thumbs released, the sensation was like that
of evacuating her bowels, except this "motion" was buzzing as it left her.
 She felt fingers again, this  time at the lips of her vagina and these were
opened widely. The person under the table was far from gentle and she let out
an involuntary yelp of discomfort.
 The next sensation was one of stinging at her urethra and she knew that the
man under the table was placing something into her. She surmized that she was
having a catheter inserted into her bladder and this was confirmed when she
felt her bladder empty without any effort or desire on her part.
 The feeling of emptiness was short lived as she felt the flow of fluid into
the just cleared bladder. She quickly had the sensation of needing to go to
the bathroom badly. 
 " Keep your bladder full, Marion. If you let anything leak out we will have
to punish you." a new voice commanded.
 She suddenly felt another sensation and was aware that a nozzle was being
stuck into her anus and again the flow of water or some fluid was into her
body. The  full sensation was hard to accept when added to the full bladder
and she was sure that if she so much as moved a muscle, she would lose control
and let go from both overfilled areas.
 " Get up Marion and walk around a bit, be careful not to let go from either
your bowel or bladder, or it will be necessary to discipline you." Don now 
told her.
 She moved her legs to the edge of the table and sat with them hanging over
for a brief pause. She then slowly lowered her feet to the floor and stood 
upright. The force of gravity pulled at the fluid in her body and she had to
squeeze her sphincters tightly to keep both aperatures from letting the liquid
reach the outside.
 A light slap landed on her bottom, and she was told to start walking around
the table. Each step was agony as she had to be extremely careful not to let
her legs move too far at a time. The end result was in a series of almost
"mincing" little steps, which caused her  breasts to jiggle up and down
in rhythm to her footsteps.
 "  Walk like a grown woman Marion, not some simpering kid, take regular steps
and  go around the table again." she was told.
 She stepped out in her normal gait and as her rear placed foot moved forward
in her stride, she felt her vulva get moist as the bladder let go a little 
of the contained water. At this hint of a deluge to follow, Marion just let
both sphincters relax and the floor beneath her was covered as she rained down
two vigorous showers. She was certain that she could hear laughter from the 
men as she stood, with water pouring down from her urethra and her anus.
 " Marion you have disobeyed the orders to contain the water in both your 
bladder and bowel and the floor is  a mess. Take this towel and dry the floor
and then we'll see what the proper punishment may be." Lyle told her.
 Marion knelt with the towel she had been handed and made an effort to dry
the puddles that she had left on the floor. She was aided and abetted in this 
task by being slapped on the bottom and back with the martinet. The blows were
light and did not hurt Marion but did serve to hasten her work rate.
 She finished the job and stayed on the floor in a  kneeling position. She
was hesitant to move for fear of drawing more slaps on the back and backside.
 " Marion get on your feet and stand at the side of the table. Before the
punishment we think you need to be fucked. Bend over the edge of the table and
spread your legs apart." Don said to her.
 Marion did as instructed and bent forward to rest her upper torso on the 
table, spreading her feet about two feet apart. The effect was to slightly 
part the cheeks of her bum and reveal the lips of her vulva at the lower end
of the crevice. She felt one of the men at her back, rubbing the lips of her
lower "mouth" and soon after the initial touch of fingers she felt what she
was certain was a cock thrusting its way into her vagina. The  thrusts were 
forceful and deep enough that she could feel the pubic hair of the man 
against the skin of her bottom, and flattening the cheeks as he reached the
depths of her. 
 The stroking was regular and at first slow, gathering speed and ferocity as
the man rose toward orgasm. She felt the twitching of the embedded cock and
knew that the ejaculation was about to happen. She was close to her own climax
and was breathing quickly and in a shallow manner as she thrust back against
the body at her rear. She let out a slight yell, almost a scream as the 
jet of semen washed against her cervix and she rammed back in a spasm of 
passion as she orgasmed.
 She felt the penis leave her vagina and almost immediately she felt a hard
nozzle enter her vagina and the warm fluid of a douche rushed in and then out
as the douche was removed from her. She thought that this was a very good move
on the part of the men using her today, as the cleansing douche would lower 
any chances of contracting any infection from her masters.
 " Move over to the swing Marion and place yourself face down over the seat.
We'll fasten you in the position we want you in, and then we can get on with
your just desserts for losing the control of your sphincters." Lyle demanded.
 Marion stood up and walked around the table to reach the swing, suspended
from the ceiling and looking for all the world like it was at a child's
playground. She knew however that it was not likely to be fun as other
swings had been in the past.

 - to be continued

 


