 Marion sat still only for several seconds and then stretched out on her
back as she had been told to  do. She was relaxed and under the circumstances
quite comfortable, but wondering what the "ritual" was that awaited her.
 " Pull your knees up to your tummy my dear, and then spread them as wide
apart as you can." she was told harshly.
 She  hesitated, knowing that this would leave her completely exposed as 
far as her sex and anus were concerned.
 " Do as you have  been told or we may need to use some persuasion such
as  a martinet on you." the same voice demanded.
 She pulled her legs up toward her  abdomen and then spread them widely.
 She looked down and saw her full bush and below the thick dark hair the
division of her vulvar lips, parting with the pose she held.
 Into the circle of light she saw a hand holding some sort of cup, and then
in the other hand entering the pool of light a brush.
 Before she could sort out what these were, a warm wet sensation developed
and she saw a white mound replace the dark thatch that marked her womanhood.
 " They're going to shave me." she thought, realizing that the white mound
looking like melted ice-cream at a birthday party was shaving cream.
 The hands withdrew into the surrounding darkness and reappeared with one of
them holding a razor just like the one her daddy had used - old fashioned and
with one long straight blade.
 The "barber" was surprisingly gentle in his touch, scraping the lather and 
hair from the outside edges toward the crevice between her lips.She felt the
scraping and looked down to see the mound of white lather slowly disappearing
from her crotch. At the end of the shave, she had a thin black line on either
lip, just as she had when she was 12 years old and developing pubic hair.
 She was pleased that the "barber" left her looking something like a woman
and not like a little girl, with a bald pussy.
 The hands withdrew from the pool of light and a towel was handed into it
to be placed in her hands.
 " You may cleanse yourself with this my dear." the now almost familiar voice
said. 
 She took the towel and found that it was warm to the touch. She rubbed the
recently shaved area and felt the smooth area of the shaven lips and the still
crisp hair left in the thin line on either side of the crevice.
 " Get up now and turn to face the chair. Then bend toward the seat. Place 
your hands on the cheeks of your bottom and pull them apart- wide apart, we
want to see your asshole!" she was commanded by the voice.
 She stood and turned as ordered, and she bent forward to jut her bum out 
and placed each hand behind her with the fingers just at the edge of the crack
and pulled firmly. The cheeks spread and she was aware of the feel of the cool
air of the room on her anus.
 " Keep spread open like that, and don't try to close on the plug being 
inserted or we will need to punish you."  the voice went on. 
 She felt a finger touch her anus and something cool and wet feeling was on
the skin of the opening. She  braced herself for what she was sure was to
follow, and next felt the hard rounded tip of a butt plug entering her in
a slow but steady rate.
 " Don't let this out until you are told to remove it, or you will be 
severely punished by a whipping. In fact, it may be of some use to give you
a sample of the martinet now." a harsher voice stated.
 She felt what seemed like the sting of hundreds of wasps across her buttocks
as the many tailed martinet made contact with her soft flesh.
 " That is only a sample of what will be yours if you don't follow our 
instructions exactly." fell on her ears as the blow fell on her behind.
" Sit down now on the chair, and be prepared to offer homage to those who are
your betters." a voice again sounding like Don ordered.
 She rested her still stinging bum on the seat of the chair and felt the 
coarse fibers of the upholstery sticking into the sore flesh. In addition she
felt the pressure of the butt plug, forced by her sitting position further 
into her bowel.
 " This is for you to honor." she heard as an erect penis was placed at her 
mouth.
 She glanced up, hoping to see the face of the man, but saw only the bright 
spot light almost directly overhead, masking the features of the man and
allowing her only the shadowy impression of the owner of the hard-on now
pressing against her lips. 
 For the second time that evening she was almost choked, by the sheer size of
this cock and by the volume of come that was discharged into her mouth. She
also felt considerable pain in both nipples as the man held the attached 
clamps tightly as he came.
 For the next several minutes she was presented with an array of erect cocks,
varying in size and with some circumsized and some not. Each entered her 
waiting mouth and each left its load of semen. Not every man pulled on the
nipple clamps,but enough did so that she was extremely sore and very glad to
hear the voice of Don telling her that this part of the proceedings had come
to an end.
 She was  left sitting and with come dripping from her nose and mouth from
the deluge. She felt something placed in her hand and looked to see a glass
of clear liquid.
 She was sure that it would turn out to be the other fluid emanating from
penises, and was pleasantly surprised to hear, " you may find this wine helps
to cleanse your palate my dear."
 The cool dry taste of the wine washed the inside of her mouth and throat and
she felt the  warmth of the alcohol spreading in her stomach. 
 The intermission was to be short lived as even before she finished the glass
of wine, she was instructed to stand and turn to face the chair. 
 " Now my dear, deliver to us the butt plug that has been in place for the 
last few minutes."
 She was shocked at the instruction and had felt that eventually the plug 
would be pulled out by one of the men.
 " Just bear down as though you were in the bathroom trying to move your 
bowels." she was advised.
 She bent her knees slightly, and began to bear down, spreading her legs as
wide apart as she had when the plug was inserted. The plug was tightly inside
of her anus and she had to strain greatly to get it to even start moving.
 The men could see her anus dilate as she pressed down with her abdominal
muscles. The rounded black plug bulged out of the muscular ring and slowly
exited her.
 Marion was aware of considerable pain as the anus  opened widely to extrude
the plug. She was sure that when it left, it would be followed by her bowel
contents, and she was in fear of that happening. It had been years since 
anyone had been with her during a bowel movement. In fact she had been a very
little girl and it had been her mother who had been present during that most
personal and private act.
 The plug suddenly popped out as the widest part had cleared the brown ring
of muscle. To her very great relief, the sphincter closed tightly after the
passage of the plug and no embarrassing aftermath followed.
 " The plug should have loosened you up a bit, and it will be easier to enter
you by the rear opening now. Stay standing and slightly bent forward while
we make use of your ass in a variety of ways." the now dreaded voice said.
 She felt hands again at her rear aperature and was very aware that her anus
was being examined after her cheeks had once again been spread apart.
 She was filled by a digit that she was sure was a thumb, and almost at the
same time a finger entered her vagina.
 " I call this my bowling ball hold." the voice said with a hint of laughter.
 Marion was sure she would be torn apart as the hand filling both of her lower
openings lifted her practically off of her feet. Then the lifting ended and 
the finger and thumb were pulled nearly out and reinserted in a rhythmic 
manner which felt good.
 Before she reached full sexual arousal from the moving hand, it was withdrawn
and she was left bent over in front of the chair. Her breathing continued at
a rapid rate for some moments and then assumed a normal cadence.
 " The slave can rest for a short time." was announced suddenly, and Marion
turned and sat down on the chair. The bright light continued to blind her 
from  seeing outside of the circle of light, but she was certain that at 
least 5 men were in the room.

- to be continued
