                                 MARK
                                 ----


    It was  had been  a great day. I had been able to get all the pho-
tographs I  had wanted.  No I  only had  to drive  through to Cowes to
check the  sites for tomorrow and drop my films in for developing. The
evening was  warm and  I was using the back roads to avoid the holiday
drivers. Suddenly  the heavens  opened and the rain poured down. Never
mind, it was still warm and I had been successful in my days work. The
steam rose from the tarmac in front of my car as I drove along.

    I had  been on  the Isle of Wight for just over two months now. My
wife was  living in Hampshire, and I had taken a flat to cover the pe-
riod of  my photographic  task. It  often happened  like this, that is
what the  life of  a freelance photographer is like. You take the work
as it  comes. This  job would  pay well, and would be a good reference
for future work.

    Of course,  being away  from home did mean sexual deprivation; and
given my "varied" sexual tastes the hardly covered nubile bodies lying
around on  the beach  did not  help. I was musing on some of the young
lads and  girls I  had seen that day when I noticed something ahead in
the pouring rain.

    Through the  obscured screen  I could  seen it  was a person, in a
blue track suit it looked, and holding a towel over their head. It was
obvious that  whoever it  was would  be soaked.  I decided  to offer a
lift, well  it had  been a good day, and the Island was a safe sort of
place to  do that  sort of  thing, no muggers and people still trusted
one another.

    As I slowed alongside the drenched figure I saw it was a lad, aged
between 14 and 17 I guessed, never was much good at ages. I threw open
the door;

    "I'm going through to Cowes, can I give you a lift anywhere?"

    Am smile lit his young face;

    "Gosh, thank. I'm soaked. Could you drop me at Gurnard".

    He climbed  in and  apologised for  the water  dripping off him. I
told him not to worry, and we chatted as I drove slowly along the nar-
row back roads to Gurnard.

    His name was Mark, just 15. Blonde, blue eyes and from the way the
wet silken  track suit  hugged his  body, he was beautiful. A swimmers
build, good  shape and form but not over muscular. I couldn't help but
also notice  that he  appeared to have nothing on underneath the suit,
by the  look of the very obvious shape of his cock lying alongside his
thigh. (Stop  thinking these thoughts Tony, he is only 15, and you are
only giving him a lift.)

    He was  interested in  computers and  he told me of his Amstrad at
home. I  explained I  also had an Amstrad, the same 464, and I used it
to keep  details of  my work,  and to send details off to the magazine
via the  telephone. He  lived at  home with his mum, his dad had died.
This seemed  to cause  him pain  to tell. He asked a lot about my com-
puter and  told me  how he  was trying  to program his, but didn't get
very far.  He also  told me he had been swimming and got caught in the
rain on  the way home. He usually used his bike, but it had a flat and
do he walked today.

    When I dropped him near his home he asked me for my telephone num-
ber so  he could call me if he had a problem with his computer. I gave
it to him and thought no more about it.

    It was  three days  later he  telephoned. I sorted out his problem
over the phone. The next day he called again and asked if I could call
in at  his home to meet his mum and sort out another problem. I said I
would come over on the Wednesday, in two days time.

    The day arrived and I went. Mum was o.k., but did she cling to her
son. Probably  do to  the death  of husband. Anyway she seemed to like
me, and we had tea and a long chat. She was worried about Mark missing
his father.  Before I  left she  had agreed  to Mark's request that he
could call at my flat and see my computer.

    Mark did call round three or four times. We chatted and he used to
watch me on my computer as I showed him where his programs went wrong.
That 15 year old leaning on my shoulders, breathing into my ear, was a
great temptation;  but I  resisted the urge, treating Mark as a friend
and remembering his age and the possible dangers involved. Mark always
telephoned before he came over, so I knew when he was going to call.

    It was  the end  of August. The day was hot and I was lying on the
couch in  the lounge  reading some  mags. The contents were pictorial,
male and  obvious; and  the effect  upon me was also very obvious. The
flat bell went and I walked over and opened the door. It was Mark.

    "Hi Tony", he said and walked in.

    I just  made it  into the lounge before him and managed to get the
mags stuffed under a cushion before he saw them.

    "Sorry to drop in. I've been swimming and thought I'd call and see
if you were in on the way back. I can't get this to run."

    He handed  me a  simple program  written on  a piece  of paper.  I
switched on the straddy and started to type it in. Mark dropped on the
couch, obviously  tired after  his day  swimming. I avoided looking. I
knew from  our conversations that when Mark went swimming he only wore
his track  suit and  trunks. After swimming he would lie in the sun to
dry off,  then remove  his trunks  and wear  just his track suit home.
That was  how I  had seen  so much on the night I picked him up. There
was still  a bulge  in my jeans from the mags, and thinking about Mark
did not help. I concentrated on typing in the program.

    "These yours Tony?" Mark asked; he had the mags.

    "Er, well,  just something  I was  checking over  that's  all".  I
blushed a reply, trying hard to cover my embarrassment.

    Mark looked  through them with deep concentration. He finished two
and then came across and took up his usual position behind me.

    "Have you solved it yet?"

    "Not yet, but can't be difficult".

    "Are you gay?"

    I froze and went bright red.

    "Look I  know you  are married,  you told me. But I know that some
men like  both sorts  of sex, and as you've got those mags I wondered,
are you gay. I don't mind either way. honest Tony, just wondered."

    "Well you've  asked so  I will  admit, yes  I am bisexual. Now you
know I think you had better go"

    "Don't be stupid. I said I didn't mind, and I don't."

    I carried on working on the program.

    "I like male sex".

    Well that did it. I stopped doing anything and just sat looking at
the screen.

    "I let men play with me, and I enjoy it. Would you like to do it?"

    "I don't think so Mark, you are far too young and I don't think it
would be right"

    " Why  not? I can see from your jeans that you still got a hard on
from looking at those mags, and so have I, so why not?"

    "Simply because"  - as I spoke I spun round on the stool and found
myself looking  at an  erect 15  year old  cock. Mark  had dropped his
trousers.

    "Mark, please"  I was worried and frightened. I stood up. This boy
could put me in prison, and I was losing control of the situation.

    "Don't worry Tony." and his hand reached out and grabbed the bulge
in my jeans. His hand rubbed and gripped it.

    "Your big"

    I just  stood there  motionless. He took my right hand in his left
and placed  it on his erect cock. I gave in and took hold, slowly mov-
ing up  and down  that firm  young shaft.  He moaned  softly and  then
opened my jeans, slipping them down. My pants followed.

    "Wow that's  a big  one Tony,  and fat too. You uncircumcised like
me".

    He slowly ran his hand up and down the shaft. It was heaven.

    "Take me to the bedroom Tony, it would be safer there.

     We went upstairs and into the bedroom. He slipped his top off and
stood before  me. He was beautiful. A light golden tan all over, and I
mean all  over. Firm  build and  neat nipples.  His cock  was about  5
inches long and slim like a young lads often is. He had just the right
amount of  muscles in all the right places. A blonde haired, blue eyed
dream boy.

    He came  forward and  slipped off my shirt. We were both naked. He
pulled my  head down  and kissed me full on the mouth, tongued probing
deep inside.  At the  same time  his other  hand smoothed  my cock and
balls. He  then slid  his mouth  down and  sucked my nipples. I rubbed
that cock for him and smoothed his neat arse.

    He pulled  back, holding  onto me  and we  fell onto  the bed. His
hands were all over me, exploring every part of my body.

    "Just how many men have you been with Mark?"

    "Not very many, but in Southampton, as around here everybody knows
everybody else. Some of the men sucked me."

    "Did you like that?"

    "Yes I did. very much"

    "I want to see you cum Mark, may I?"

    "Please. Tony, please; and I want to feel you cum"

    I moved  and took his cock in my mouth. He moaned and writhed as I
sucked him;  taking him  deep and  then running up the shaft, tonguing
the tip  and licking the balls. As I did this he worked on my cock and
balls with both his hands.

     After a  couple of  minuted he moved slightly and I felt his warm
damp young  mouth slip  over my  throbbing cock.  That was too much. I
groaned and  groaned, fucking  that willing  mouth as  I sucked on him
deeper and deeper. I could tell he was getting very close.

    Suddenly he stopped sucking mine and moaned in a deep sexy voice;

    "If you  want to  see me  cum then stop sucking and start wanking,
I'm almost there".

    Immediately he  clamped his mouth around my cock again, sucking on
it greedily.  I knew  I could hold back no longer and as I worked hard
on his I groaned;

    "I'm going to cum Mark!"

    He said  and did nothing but continued sucking, his body stiffened
and his  little cock  jerked. A  deep husky  groan came  from his full
mouth and  his body  arched as  the first jism of spunk shoot from his
rock hard  cock. I  let go myself. Wave after wave of spunk filled his
young mouth and he greedily took it all. Each time I came he seemed to
cum too until we were both exhausted and dropped back onto the bed.

    We lay there for some time, and the I went to clean up, and to get
a cloth for him. I cleaned him up and he smiled at me.

    "I've wanted  to do  that since  the first night you picked me up,
but I didn't think you liked men sex 'cause you were married. I'm real
glad you  do. Can  I come and see you every day. I want to do it again
and again, and some other things I saw in your book."

    "You realise  the risk  I'm taking  Mark? I  would like  to do  it
again, but you will keep it all secret won't you?"

    "Of course  I will Tony, I don't want anyone knowing I'm gay. I've
always wanted a friend on the Island I could call on when I wanted to.
I want  to do  it all  over again..."  and his  mouth closed around my
limp, but stirring prick once again.

    I could  see that  the next three months of my stay on the Isle of
Wight would be quite spectacular indeed.
