Copyright © 1998,    Chachi.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.



MARK'S STORY

  I have to tell SOMEONE about the most amazing thing that has EVER happened
  to me...but if I tell anyone I know, I will end up behind bars...so YOU
  will be the only one I tell...

  Annie was a beautiful 23-year-old redhead who moved into one of the 
  apartments upstairs from me with her adorable little 9-year-old daughter.
  Shannon had her mom's flame-red hair, and the widest, cutest smile you've 
  ever seen.  Just being around her made you want to pick her up and give her 
  the biggest hug!  I got to know Annie fairly well in the month since they 
  moved in and was getting up the nerve to ask her out.  She'd just gotten 
  divorced after having married very young (she had Shannon when she was just 
  14), and now they were on their own in a town far from the home they had 
  known all their lives.  I didn't know anything about her ex, as she didn't 
  talk about him at all.

  Since Annie was trying to start a new life for herself, she was looking
  for a job like crazy--she had been depending on her parents for support
  and wanted to be completely self-reliant as quickly as possible.  One 
  morning she got a call about a job interview with a local law office,
  only they HAD to see her right away...someone had recently left the firm, 
  and she had a chance to begin as a legal secretary almost immediately if 
  she could get downtown fast enough...but it was summertime, and little 
  Shannon was off from school.  Since they were new to town and Shannon 
  didn't have any real friends yet, Annie didn't have anyone else to turn to!

  I work nights at a local electrical plant, managing a crew of 15 guys who
  aren't much to look at all night.  So when I rolled out of bed to the 
  knocking on my door that morning, and opened my door to that desperate-
  but-stunning, freshly-madeup face and heard the story, I was glad to give 
  Shannon a place to hang out for the day.  Annie knew I got along okay with 
  Shannon (she's a very sweet kid) and knew I wouldn't do anything to hurt 
  her...but, I told Annie, it was a long night, and I HAD to go back to bed.  
  "No problem," Annie says, "she can look after herself...I'm just relieved 
  she's with someone and not home all alone."  So Annie took off, and it was 
  just beautiful, young, sweet Shannon and me.  She was really very much a 
  tiny version of her mother, and just as outgoing and friendly.

  I turned to this sweet thing and showed her my extensive video collection...
  the cartoon and kidstuff ONLY--not the secret "forbidden shelf" of Adult 
  films I didn't want my ex-girlfriend to find...and showed her how to call 
  up a couple of cute video games on the computer.

  I made sure the sound was turned down and told her I'd be in the bedroom 
  if she needed anything.  I didn't mind too much if she woke me, but only 
  if she needed something!  She smiled and said, "No problem!  I can find 
  the refrigerator and the bathroom so I'm okay!"  Then she surprised me 
  with the biggest hug I'd EVER had!  I mean, she squeezed me like she never 
  wanted to let me go!  She even wrapped her legs around my waist as her tiny 
  feet dug into my butt!  She was SO cute, and she told me she loved me and 
  gave me a little kiss, then she let me go and I went back to the bedroom to 
  catch some zzzzzs.

  Several hours later, I was awakened by the most unbelievable blow job I
  have ever had.  I immediately knew what had happened:  Annie got the job
  and was so thrilled, she wanted to both celebrate AND thank me for watching
  little Shannon.  So I lay back with my eyes closed and let her do her thing
  on my shaft, licking and sucking, hard and deep, fondling my balls and
  then licking them up and down, then down to my asshole where she darted
  her tiny tongue into my sweaty dump-chute.  She was SO wild--she obviously
  knew what she was doing, AND she knew exactly what she wanted to do with
  EVERY single move, too!  
  
  Then, suddenly I remembered that Annie was wearing a very distinctive 
  perfume when she left this morning...I remembered because it was kind of a 
  turn-on for me when I crawled into bed...I even humped the mattress a 
  little before falling asleep!  So, if it wasn't Annie sucking my rod deep 
  and passionately, then it must be...  I opened my eyes!  OHMIGOD!  There 
  was little 9-year-old Shannon, so sweet and adorable, licking up and down 
  my shaft!  She was absolutly naked from head to toe and was lying on her 
  flat little tummy right between my spread legs!

  "Shannon!  What are you doing?"  I gasped, still too hot and horny to pull
  away from her hot little mouth.  She pulled off my 8-inch cock with a loud
  "pop" sound and grinned up at me with a little "innocent" grin and said 
  "Don't you know?  You like it, dontcha?" she mewled like a little dirty 
  angel, the picture of chastity and innocence, but she obviously was a lot 
  more knowledgable than she looked!  Without waiting for my response, she 
  dived right back onto my hard, red shaft and actually DEEP-THROATED me
  down to about 2-inches from the base of it!  Did she gag?  NO!  Did she
  even wince from the effort?  NO!  She did it because she WANTED to do it,
  and now that I realized her enthusiasm, I relaxed a little and LET her do
  it.  I even leaned up a little on the headboard so I could watch her tiny
  head bob up and down on my staff as she sucked and sucked and sucked.  
  
  I thought to myself, "This isn't right--she's 9 years old!  She should be 
  playing with Barbie dolls and doing make-believe housechores like baking
  and having tea parties!  Not sucking my dong and grinning while she does
  it!"  But there she was!  And she was enjoying it as much as me, too--
  because I could see her tiny, flat little hips moving back and forth, and
  her perfectly-rounded butt cheeks flex tight and loose over and over again.

  This was so perverse!  I mean, I had had random thoughts about being with
  a young thing before, but certainly no younger than 14 or 15!  I mean, I
  never really even considered a younger child to be capable of any sort of
  real sexual excitement...and I would NEVER force myself on anyone.  The
  thought of molesting or raping ANYONE, adult OR child, sickens me--and
  here I was, the victim of molestation by a 9-year-old!  
  
  Uh-oh...that was the thought that set me off!  Her hard (and obviously 
  practiced) sucking combined with the nasty thought that she was 9 and IN 
  CONTROL of the situation brought me to the top, and without any kind of 
  warning (poor kid!) I started to unload my cum into her sweet little 9 
  year old mouth!  I just knew she would gag and gag, and maybe even start 
  to cry or something...but it never happened.  She swallowed and swallowed 
  and gulped down every last drop of my hot, white seed as quick as I could 
  pump it into her pre-teen mouth!  Then she let out a cute little burp and 
  said "'Scuse me!" in such an adorable way that I grabbed hold of her and 
  held her tight to me while we both shared a big post-orgasm laugh!

  I held her tiny body close to me for about 2 minutes before she broke away
  and scurried back down my body to stroke my deflating cock.  I mean, come
  on--I'm done!  I don't repeat anywhere near that quick--haven't since I 
  was a teen!  But her sweet little hands (and they were VERY little...) ran
  up and down from my tight asshole to my saggy, half-drained balls, then
  to the shaft and up to the head of my 8-inch cock.  
  
  "Can I try some more?" she asked, not even waiting for an answer before 
  opening her little jaws wide and sucking right on my cock-head again.  It 
  was weird--I was extremely over-sensitive at this point, but it was as if 
  she knew I would be, and she sucked lighter than before, licking away the 
  last drops of semen and smacking her lips as she swallowed.  She knew!  
  She knew how to go a 2nd time around!  Whoever her boyfriend had been had 
  really taught this little girl well...and I was now hard again, and heading 
  for another Earth-shaking orgasm!

  But just before I was about to hit my 2nd climax in as many quarter hours,
  little Shannon smacked her lips twice, licked my prick all over one more 
  time and made a funny face at me, flexing her jaw back and forth.  
  "Yawawawaw!" she intoned.  "I'm sorry, but my mouth is getting tired!"  I
  immediately freaked!  "Are you okay?  I didn't hurt you somehow did I?  Oh,
  god, sweetie, I'm so sorry!"  She looked at me very deeply...deeper than a
  9-year-old normally would and told me to relax, that her mouth was just a
  little tired, and she will be just fine...then she grabbed my hand and 
  led it down to her totally hairless mound!  

  She didn't say a word, but gave me a sleepy-eyed smile while she rubbed my 
  fingers slowly across her wet little hairless pre-teen puss!  Her hips 
  started to grind back and forth, and she was trying to actually jam my 
  fingers up into her, but at the angle we were lying, there was no way...I
  was going to HAVE to become an active participant.  I could be passive no
  more!

  I sat up and pulled down my boxers the rest of the way, making me just as
  naked as my little sweetheart, then I shimmied down the bed so I could
  look up to her angelic little face from between her widespread legs.  Oh
  lord, what a sight!  Her tender flesh was all pink and moist and there
  was no excess flesh on her pussy--her lips were large and puffy, not hang-
  ing down low.  She was absolutely amazed when I pressed my quivering lips
  to her soft, nether ones..."Unnnnghh!  Oh, Daddy!" she moaned, twisting
  her hips back and forth, up and down while my tounge tenderly stroked her
  sensitive flesh.  What a taste!  She was all woman--but in a fresh sort
  of way I cannot adequately describe!  One thing is certain, she was very
  much aroused in a way I had no idea a 9-year-old COULD be...and she was
  calling me "Daddy."  Very strange.

  I licked and sucked and licked and sucked for what seemed like an hour
  on her sweet, tender, hairless pre-teen cunt...much longer than I have
  with any grown-up woman whose short-and-curlies tend to get caught in
  my throat...  The little girl either neared or hit her climax no less
  than 8 times in quick succession, and now I knew she was ready for me...
  I know I had never even fantasized about a little girl before, but now
  that she had brought me THIS far, I HAD to see this thing through.  I
  HAD to shove my 8-inch cock between her short little widespread legs.

  I held her ankles up directly in front of me and then spread them to
  either side, now up on my knees with my iron-hard rod positioned at
  the entrance to her tiny love-tunnel.  I looked down at her sweet
  little innocent red-headed face and all I could see was LUST.  Her
  eyes literally BEGGED me to shove it in her and fuck her pre-teen puss
  as hard as I could.  But I got nervous...I had to ask her.

  "Are you okay with this, sweetie?  Are you sure?"  "Oh, God, Daddy--
  you know I want it!  Please, Daddy?  It's been a long time!"  Hmmmm.
  Well, now I knew who started her on this whole trip...and why her mom
  wouldn't discuss her "ex."  Under a lot of other circumstances, I 
  would have turned away and seen this whole thing for the tragic situation
  it was...but, fuck it, I thought--she WANTS it!

  I fucked her.  I put the head of my hard cock right up to her tiny, 
  TIGHT little cunt hole, and pressed forward.  Slowly, slowly I eased in
  just the head and held it there to see if she was in any pain--and she
  DID appear to suffer a little discomfort, but it passed quickly, then
  she started to lift her little hips UP and TOWARD me, like she was 
  trying to swallow my staff with her cunt!  I didn't want to hurt her
  at all, so I didn't go very fast...but apparently, it wasn't fast enough
  for her...she wanted MORE cock in her pre-teen hole...and she wanted it
  NOW!  She moaned with every millimeter deeper...and I moaned, too.  The
  tightness worked two ways--it felt SO GOOD, it made me want to cum right
  away, spraying my juice all over the outside of her tender lips...but it
  also worked kind of like a tourniquet, KEEPING me from cumming too quick.

  I edged in more and more and she enjoyed it, more and more...until 
  finally I hit bottom.  I was about two-thirds of the way in when I
  realized I simply COULD NOT go any further...so after stopping a moment,
  I pulled back, and entered again!  In just a few moments we had a great
  thrust-and-receive rhythm going.  Oh yes, she HAD clearly done this
  before.  Her father had taught her well.

  "Oh, Daddy--I've missed this so much!  I've missed YOU, Daddy!"  I
  think she knew I wasn't her Daddy, but it was apparently important for
  her to pretend I was.  I didn't mind--it was a major turn-on.  Again--
  I had never had any kind of urging for incest of any kind, but with
  my cock stroking in and out of a little girl's hot cunt while she moans 
  "Oh, Daddy," my point of view was drastically changed on the matter.

  She closed her eyes tightly while I mercilessly pounded her little 
  puss in and out with my hard cockflesh...and then her face started
  to turn all red as she broke out in a cold sweat.  "Ennnghh, unnggh!
  Oh, God, Daddy!  Fuck me!  Shove it in me, Daddy!  I love it when
  you fuck me like this, Daddy!  I love YOU, Daddy!  You can fuck me
  ANYTIME, ANYWAY!  Even in my asshole, Daddy!"  She did it!  She put
  me over the edge!  While her face turned red and she reached her 
  ultimate climax, I did too and splattered my hot cum all over the
  inside of her battered pussy.  I squirted and squirted and squirted
  the stuff into her--I was surprised I had so much after her earlier
  draining of my balls, but there it was going right up into her while
  she came and came and came!  I didn't know a 9-year-old could CUM 
  like that, but she did and did and did!

  Finally, she calmed down, and so did I.  I had pretty much collapsed
  right on top of her after my climax--I was exhausted from the whole
  thing!  I put my arms around her and held her close to me.  She gave
  me a huge, wet kiss (what a cute little tongue!) and looked right into
  my eyes.  "Thank you, Daddy!" she said, then stood up and grabbed a
  napkin I had sitting by the bed, carefully folding it over once, then 
  twice.  Then taking her panties from the floor, she put the napkin in,
  then pulled them up, keeping my cum in her leaking hole while she got
  dressed and went back out to the living room.  She grabbed a glass of
  water from the fridge as I helplessly followed behind her.  "I'm going
  out to the playground, okay?"  She gave me a quick peck on the cheek,
  then went out to the apartment play area, back to being a 9-year-old
  girl again.  

  That was when I noticed the little door to my porno stash was wide   
  open, and two of my hardest videos were out of place.  A closer look
  showed my ex-girlfriend's old vibrator had seen some recent action, too.
  The little girl was so horned up, she had watched hardcore porno with
  a big plastic vibrator plowing in and out of her hot twat!  I would have
  loved to have seen that...and based on the child's enthusiasm about sex,
  I was sure I would get a chance to, eventually.
  
  A couple hours later, her mom returned.  Annie DID get the job...BUT
  she needed a sitter.  Any guesses who got the job?  Yup.  And when little
  Shannon knocked at my door the next morning, she walked inside and went 
  immediately to her knees and took out my cock to suck on like it was her 
  favorite flavor lollipop!  Shannon spent the rest of her summer vacation 
  days with me--my own 9-year-old to fuck, and I DID, every day!  Then, 
  when school began, I got to go to sleep in the morning again, and 
  Shannon would come home from 4th grade on the bus and, using the key I 
  made for her, let herself in to wake me up in her special way.  

  We still have about 2 hours each day before her mom comes home, and 
  believe me, we put those hours to good use!  Shannon still calls me 
  Daddy--it helps her to get off (which she DOES--and BIG TIME, too!).  
  But I don't mind...I've also been dating her mother (who fucks like 
  crazy, too--but it's just not the same) and who knows--maybe she can call 
  me Daddy for real some day.  I know I wouldn't mind.  Oh yeah--I DID fuck 
  Shannon in the ass, finally.  The girl is full of surprises--she LOVED it 
  and insists that we fuck that way at least a couple times a week!

SHANNON'S STORY

  My name is Shannon and I am 9 years old.  Mark asked me to tell you 
  about how I started to fuck, and so here I go!  My Daddy always did
  things to me, ever since I was born, I guess.  My oldest memory is, I
  guess I was about 1 or so, and he laid me down naked in the bathtub
  (which was dry).  Then he stood over me and peed all over me from 
  head to toe...but the part I remember most is he peed on my cunny.
  It was all warm and made me feel all tingly.  After, Daddy washed me
  off then took me into his bedroom.  This may not be that first time,
  because he did these things to me a lot, but I remember him breathing
  all over me, very hot and warm.  Then he'd lick my cunny up and down
  and suck on it.  He never hurt me.  After he did that for a while, he
  took out his "peeny" (that's what we used to call it when we were alone
  together) and it would be all hard, and he would rub it all over my 
  face and tell me to stick my tongue out on it, which I would.  After a 
  while, he would put some lotion on it, then rub it up and down between 
  my legs until he'd squirt his stuff all over me.  He did this, like, 
  almost every day until I was almost 8 because that's when he and 
  Mommy got a divorce.

  But he did more stuff to me, too...and boy, did I like it!  When I was
  4 he taught me to lick and suck his thing.  He told me to wait for the
  liquid surprise when he would squirt his stuff out all over me.  Some-
  times I would swallow it all, but mostly there was too much and I'd
  kinda have to let some go all over my face.  Daddy was never mean or
  anything.  He always made it fun and he made me feel real good.  He
  used to lick and suck my cunny, too, and I began to like it real good
  when I was 5.  He showed me how to get my cunny all wet without peeing
  and that was when he would rub his peeny up and down it.  One day, he
  did that and squirted his stuff all over my cunny, then we laid there
  together for a while.  Since I was already kinda wet down there, his
  stuff made me REALLY wet.  A little later, he rubbed me up and down 
  again, and when he did, his peeny kind of went up inside of me.  It
  sort of hurt a little, but since he had made me feel good down there
  earlier, it was actually pretty good.  So Daddy started to fuck me 
  when I was 5.  He didn't do it every day.  It was more like every
  couple of days.  Mostly we would just suck or rub each other after I
  got home from school.

  When he and Mommy got the divorce, I was 7, almost 8.  But I really
  missed Daddy and the fun we had together every day.  I tried rubbing
  my cunny myself and could make myself feel all wet down there and it 
  was real good, but it was never the same as having him do it.  I had 
  a friend from school who is a boy and sometimes I would stay at his 
  house after school.  His mom was always busy with laundry or something, 
  so we would go out to the garage and I would take down his pants and suck 
  on his peeny.  It was soooo tiny, but he said I made it feel real good.  
  He never could shoot any stuff out, but it got really, really hard.  It 
  was so cute 'cause it would bend all the way up to his stomach.  Anyway, 
  I took off my pants and showed him my cunny and he got down real low to 
  look at it.  I spread my legs all the way apart and pulled him toward me 
  and put his peeny inside my cunny, which got kinda wet all by itself 
  while I was sucking on his peeny.  It was so small...but it had been a 
  while since Daddy did it to me, so it really felt good.  But he didn't 
  know how to move back and forth real good, so it wasn't the same.  

  But I did find someone who could make me feel the same as Daddy did...
  the janitor at school was a nice guy who was really old, like 30.  I
  used to hang out with him sometimes and got him to feel between my legs
  one day when I told him I thought I hurt myself on the teeter-totter 
  during recess.  When he started to rub me down there, I kind of closed 
  my eyes and started to move back and forth and I think he knew I didn't 
  really hurt myself.  He told me he would kiss it and make it better and 
  boy did I want that!  So he started to lick my cunny during lunch every
  day and that made it a little better, since I never got to see Daddy
  much any more.  His name was Carl, and I told him I would suck on his
  thing if he wanted me to.  Well he DID want me to, so he took it out and
  it was hard.  It was kinda big...bigger than Daddy's, and I was kind of
  afraid he would want to put it in me right then and I didn't think I
  was ready for him yet, but he didn't make me fuck him yet.  I just put
  his thing in my mouth and sucked him off.  I think he was real surprised
  when I swallowed all his stuff, 'cause he kept saying he was sorry and
  stuff, and I just wiped my lips and sort of smiled at him, because it
  reminded me of sucking my Daddy's thing.  

  I think I did my first cum with Daddy's peeny inside of me when I was
  about 6 or so.  It was right when his thing was squirting in me.  I 
  could kind of feel it in there, and it sort of made me feel real good
  and I just started squeezing and squeezing him with my hole.  So after
  that time, I really wanted to do it a lot, which is why I hated it 
  when Daddy had to move away.  But Carl started to fuck me, too, so I
  kinda had somebody to fuck me anyway.  Carl always wanted to stick it
  in my butthole, but I was always kind of afraid of that...so to make
  it up to him, I introduced him to my girlfriend Tricia.  Tricia was
  the only one in the whole world who knew about Daddy and me and I
  used to tell her how great Daddy would make me feel and she would want
  to try it too.  Sometimes I would stay the whole night at Tricia's
  house and I showed her how to make her cunny get all wet by itself.
  She really wanted to find out what it was like when Daddy would lick
  mine, so I decided I would show her.  She really was my best friend,
  so one night, I guess we were about 7, I got down between her legs and
  licked away at her cunny until she said she felt all warm all over.

  Tricia soon started to lick my cunny too...and when I told her about
  Carl, she said she wanted a man to lick her too.  So one day during
  our "special time," Tricia came to see Carl with me.  Carl was real
  uncomfortable about meeting someone new, but when Tricia and me started
  to lick each other in front of him, right there in the boiler room,
  he took out his thing which was hard.  First he slipped it up into
  my hole and was making me feel really really good.  But Tricia looked
  kind of sad and I told Carl that she wanted to try it.  Since she was
  all wet from licking earlier, Carl said okay and he slowly slipped
  it into her.  I could tell it kinda hurt her a little bit, but she
  let it keep going up into her cunny until it was in almost all the
  way!  Her eyes were closed and her face was all red, but she didn't
  scream out that it hurt or anything.  I was real proud of her!  Then
  when Carl started sliding his thing in and out of her hole, she began
  to relax a little bit and I'm sure she almost came that first time.
  I KNOW she came a bunch of times after that...with Carl, and with my
  Daddy when he would come visit and stay the night.  (Mommy never would
  stay in the house when Daddy stayed the night...I think she went to
  Gramma's or to her boyfriend's house.)  I used to get kinda jealous 
  when Daddy and Tricia would fuck, but I don't know if I was jealous
  of her for getting fucked by my Daddy, or if I was jealous of Daddy
  for getting to fuck my best friend!  But it was okay, because I would
  always get to lick Daddy's cum out of Tricia's cunny afterward!  Yum!

  One time, when I was 8, Daddy was taking care of me while Mommy was
  out of town on a job interview and his friend Jimmy came over with
  some equipment.  Jimmy was a really tall black guy who kinda scared
  me a little bit, but Daddy said he wanted me to get to know Jimmy
  really good.  Jimmy had really dark skin and when he would smile at
  me, all I could see were his shiny teeth and his eyes.  But I told
  Daddy I would be nice to him.  Then they both started setting up all
  that equipment...there were a bunch of lights and a camera on a stand
  and stuff, and they set it up in my bedroom all around my bed with all
  my stuffed animals and everything.  Then Daddy told me that since he
  doesn't get to see me very often, Jimmy was going to take pictures for
  him while we did things to each other so he could have something to
  remind him of our times together.  I told him okay, because I knew
  how he felt.  I kinda wanted to see 'em too, but I never got the
  chance to.  

  But I did my best to look like the ladies in the magazines they had,
  even though I didn't have any hair between my legs, or any titties
  on my chest.  But Jimmy and Daddy didn't mind.  Daddy still sucked
  on my nip-nips and Jimmy just took picture after picture of me by
  myself, with my hands spreading my cunny open, even taking a pee!
  Daddy was in the pictures, too--with me sucking his peeny, and him
  licking my cunny and my butt hole.  Then when I thought Daddy was
  going to fuck me, he and Jimmy traded places, and Jimmy took off
  his shorts.  Gosh, his peeny was so big!  And it was all dark brown
  and everything.  He had me suck on it as best as I could, but I
  mostly just licked all over it a bunch since it hurt my mouth to
  open it that wide.  

  All this time, Daddy was taking pictures of me sucking Jimmy's
  thing...and then he told Jimmy to lay me back on the bed and put
  his cock up to my cunny hole.  I was used to Daddy's thing, and I
  guess I had fucked Carl a couple times, but Jimmy's peeny was about
  twice as big as theirs were!  But by this point, I was pretty up
  for it and I spread my legs as far apart as I could for an eight-year-
  old, then he slid it in, really really slow, while Daddy took picture 
  after picture.  Finally, I could feel his, you know, his balls hitting 
  my behind and I knew he was all the way in me.  I felt so filled up and
  I couldn't believe it was all in me, but it sure was!  Then he began
  to slide it back and forth and in and out until it really started to
  feel good.  Jimmy fucked me three times that night, and Daddy even 
  used the video camera for one of them!

  So I guess I just really like to fuck.  Daddy started me, but he 
  always was gentle and he always loved me...and now Mark does the 
  same stuff with me and he treats me like I'm totally important to
  him, just like Daddy did.  I miss my Daddy and the way he would fuck
  me all the time, but as long as I have Mark and his big cock to suck
  and fuck, I guess I'll be okay.  Maybe when I'm 10, Mommy will let 
  me go out with older boys...  Oh yeah, that reminds me!

  Last summer, before we moved here, Mommy had a dinner date or something
  and it was at the last minute, so instead of the old lady that was my
  regular sitter, she had to call the boy who lives next door to see if
  he could sit for me that night.  He said okay and came over.  Danny
  was 13 I think, and once Mommy left, I took off all my clothes and ran
  around naked.  Danny said "You better put some clothes on!"  And I 
  said "No!  I always run around the house like this!"  And so, since
  he thought it was normal, he let me stay naked while we watched tv.
  He sat in the big chair, and I laid down on the floor in front of him
  on my stomach, facing the tv.  But I kept opening and closing my legs
  so I knew he could see my cunny from behind.  I still don't have any
  hairs on it yet, so I am sure he could see everything.  Just knowing 
  that he could made it start to get kinda wet down there, and when the
  commercial came on, I turned around really quick.  Danny immediately
  put his hands into his lap to cover up his cock.  

  I knew he had a big boner by now and was embarrassed about it...so to 
  make it even worse, I crawled up into his lap and asked him to hold me 
  'cause the movie was making me scared (it wasn't really).  Danny said 
  "okay" and so I did.  While we snuggled together, I took Danny's hand 
  and sort of slid it up my leg to just below my cunny and said "I hurt 
  myself on the playground right here!"  It worked with Carl...but since 
  it was summer, I didn't get to see him anymore, so I thought I would 
  try it with Danny.  Danny was pretty easy.  He stroked my leg really 
  good and I could feel "it" getting wetter and wetter.  I thanked him 
  and told him I would massage HIS leg for him, but he should take off 
  his pants so I could do it right.  He was really nervous, but he did 
  take them off.

  His boner kinda stuck straight out and his underwear was really really
  tight because of it.  I pretended I didn't know anything about it and
  asked him what it was.  He told me I would find out someday.  I didn't
  tell him I knew more about his thing than HE did!  I also didn't tell
  him I wanted him to put it in me!  So Danny laid back on the couch and
  I did my best to massage his legs and then I kinda worked my way up
  his leg and slipped my fingers inside the leg of his underwear.  His
  eyes got really big and he kind of got scared and said "maybe we 
  shouldn't do this" and I told him to relax because I owed him a massage
  and I was going to give it to him.  He closed his eyes real tight and
  kept them closed while I put my hand under his underwear and started to
  rub his peeny up and down really slow.  I said something like "Hey,
  this thing's cool," and squeezed it a little bit and he just sort of
  moaned or something.  I asked him if he would take his underwear off,
  and he made me promised not to tell anyone (like I would).  He took
  it off and there was his cock...not real big, but not bad either.  I
  got on my knees and went over to him and told him it was cool and asked
  if I could touch it some more.  He said okay, but be gentle with it.

  I told him I would be very gentle with it and then I leaned over and
  licked it.  He freaked.  He really thought I was gonna bite it or some-
  thing, but I told him I wouldn't hurt him.  So I started to suck on it
  harder and harder and in just a few minutes, he squirted his stuff into
  my mouth.  It tasted kinda weird, but I went ahead and swallowed it 
  because I really like the stuff.  He was breathing really really hard
  and was totally surprised.  I don't think he had ever squirted his
  stuff before, so maybe that's why it tasted a little funny.  I looked
  up at him and smiled and told him "thank you" because it was pretty
  good.  Then I started to suck on it again.

  After, it kinda stayed hard, so I only sucked on it for a few minutes.
  I told him he had to make me feel good now.  He asked me how, since I
  didn't have a cock to suck on, and I told him he could put his into 
  my cunny.  He didn't believe me, like he never heard of fucking.  So
  I laid back on the couch and spread my legs really wide apart and he
  got down really close to look at it.  I told him he could lick it a
  little if he wanted to (I really like when a guy licks my hole) and
  he got down and tried it, but he wasn't very good at it.  So I told 
  him to crawl up over me and then I took his cock and slid it right
  into my cunny.  It was sooooo good!  It was kinda cool because I knew
  he never did it with anyone before, and I was teaching him, even 
  though he was like, 5 years older than me.  But he caught on pretty
  quick and started to slide back and forth and back and forth.  It
  felt pretty good and I had a good cum from him, then he squirted his
  stuff up inside me.  It felt like it went on forever!  Then he stopped
  and sort of collapsed on top of me.  I didn't mind.  His cock was
  still pretty hard up inside me, so he could lay there all day for all 
  I cared!  I thanked him and told him he could baby-sit me anytime.
 
  He thanked me, too...then pulled his cock out of me.  I got down on
  the floor and licked and sucked it clean, but he wasn't like Daddy 
  or Carl and his cock didn't get soft again, so we fucked again!  It
  was really good this time and I did another cum, but it seemed like
  2 or 3 all at the same time!  Danny thought I was sick or something,
  but I told him "No!  Keep fucking me!  Unnngh, unnnngh!  Fuck me,
  fuck me!"  It was like, the best.  But after that, Danny's cock did
  get soft and he never came over to babysit me again before we moved
  here.
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
