MARK & GREG By Veck
 
 
It was a cool day, summer break had just begun. I had decided to 
spend the night over my friend's house, Gregory Harmon, for a few 
days. Greg is about my height, 5'6, except he's taller. He isn't thin, 
or husky, because he didn't lift weights or over eat, I guess you 
could say he has an average body. He has dark green eyes, and 
brown hair. It's about shoulder length. He also has an attractive 
smile, that goes along nicely with his freckles. I have known him 
for quite some time now, about two years. We've shared a lot of 
things, and I do mean a lot! We're both fourteen, bisexual, and in 
love with each other.
 
"Ahh, so what do you want to do now, Mark?" Greg asked in his 
soft voice. 
 
"I don't know, I guess we can go upstairs and watch some 
videos..." I said, watching him towel off, as I got out of the pool. 
He was wearing a Speedo-type of bathing pants, like bikini briefs. 
You could clearly see the outline of his dick when they where wet. 
He jokingly told me he got them for me, but I thing he was being 
serious. I was wearing regular black spandex swimming trunks, 
nothing fancy, but I think they turned him on. 
 
"Sounds good, " He said flinging his towel over his shoulder.
 
"You can watch TV while I shower," he said walking into his 
house. 
 
"I'd rather watch you shower," I whispered jokingly, "can I join 
you?" I said running up behind him. 
 
"Sure, " he laughed, "just make sure YOU don't forget to shower!"
 
I got the towels, and rapped my nude body in one. When I got back, 
Gregory was undressing. His dick was about 5 inches long when 
soft, and nearly 2 inches thick, almost 7 inches long when hard. His 
light tanned body, with a little pubic hair, and hardly any arm hair, 
often got me real excited. He stepped out of his pants, while I 
watched. 
 
"Are you enjoying your view?" Greg said noticing me. When he 
turned his back to me, to turn on the water, I could feel my dick 
getting hard. "Yeah, you must be!" He said looking at my rising 
towel. I smiled.
 
"I can't help it." I walked into the bath room smiling. He put his 
warm hand on my waist, "I like what I see..." I said. He took his 
towel out of my hand, and pulled mine off. My semi-hard dick 
poked out. My dick is about 6 inches long and 1 1/2 inches thick, 
and he doesn't care that mine is a little smaller than his. He rubbed 
my hips, then stepped in the shower. I followed behind him. My 
dick was getting harder. He started washing me off, then, he knelt 
down in front of me, and started blowing me. I rubbed his head and 
the back of his neck for a while, as he sucked my dick.
 
"Stop, I don't want to cum just yet..." I said, feeling the sperm 
build up at the base of my cock. He stood up, and grinned at me,
 
"Oh? When did you plain on cumming?" He asked, as I started 
washing his chest. I just smiled at him, he pulled me closer, and we 
hugged and kissed while I washed him down.
 
"We're a tad anxious, aren't we?" I said to him, I could feel his hard 
dick pressing up against mine as we touched.
 
"Me? What about you?" He said rubbing up against my dick. I set 
the soap down, after I finished washing his bare legs. 
Unexpectedly, the soap slipped out, and landed at the drain. 
Naively, I turned around, bending over, with my back towards 
Gregory. As I got the soap, I felt Greg slide his soapy dick up and 
down in the crack of my butt, rubbing it up against my hole. It felt 
real good, and I was about to tell him to go in, but I stood up and 
rinsed him off,
 
"Can't you at least wait till we get out?" I said jokingly. We both got 
out, and dried off. We only got dressed in our underwear. I sat 
down on his bed, as he stood over me, turning on the TV in the 
opposite direction. I was level with his dick, and could tell he was 
still hard. I had my legs closed, and was leaning slightly back, his 
legs where closed around mine. He leaned over, and stuck his 
tongue down my throat. I leaned all the way back, as he dragged my 
underwear off, my dick stood up like a flag pole. I slant forward 
and pulled his pants down, and he got out of them. I pulled him 
down, and soon, he was laying on top of me, both of out dicks 
rubbing together, my legs open, his closed. He pushed up and 
down on me as we kissed. We started deep kissing, and I began 
sucking and licking on his tongue.
 
About that time, he knew I wanted to 69. He started kissing me as 
he went down my body. He opened his mouth, and slowly started 
sucking the head of my cock. I let him suck on me for a while, then 
he got up, and laid down beside me, with his eyes closed, and 
mouth open. I rolled over, and stuck my dick down his thought. 
Soon, we where 69'ing, I tried to get as much of his 7 inches as 
possible in my mouth. I started sucking harder, going up and down, 
fucking him in the mouth. I went all the way in his mouth, and he 
began fingering me. Sucking as hard as he could, he moved his 
tongue around my swelled dick.
 
I was about to cum, as I went up, and back down, he sucked my 
dick gently. I hugged his legs tightly as I let out a loud moan, my 
cum squirted into his mouth as he swallowed. After he sucked all 
the cum out of my dick, I rolled over on my side, and started 
fingering and sucking him. He pulled my head back and forth, then 
pushed me delicately off of his throbbing dick. He turned back 
around, so I was face to face with him, we were both breathing 
hard. He rubbed his hand up and down my back, I turned to lay flat 
on my stomach. I folded my hands under my face, and smiled at 
him. He kissed me on the cheek, the crawled up over my legs 
behind me. He then got up and greased his dick, while looking at 
me. He knew what I wanted him to do. He pulled my legs apart, 
and got between them, then gently pulled me up by my hips. My ass 
was wide open, with my legs apart.
 
"Don't fuck me too hard." I said kneeling in front of him, waiting 
for him.
 
"Do I ever?" He asked feeling my back, up and down, teasing me, 
and my hole.
 
"Yeah, remember the time you started fucking me behind my 
house?" I said looking back at him.
 
"Oh yeah, but I though you wanted me to do it to you fast?" He 
said, feeling my legs. I think he was resting, so he could be in me 
longer, he was sure making an enjoyable time of it!
 
"Yeah, I did...I'd rather we make love tonight though." I said 
seriously. "I thought we are?" He said smiling. With that he pulled 
me back, and went into me half way. It hurt, but it felt good too, 
and he knows I can't take all seven inches at once. He moved me 
back and forth on his dick. I was getting excited, feeling his dick 
slide in and out slowly, stretching my butt hole wide. He let me 
down easy. I folded my hands again. He grabbed my hips and came 
down on me, my legs open. I let out a moan as he went deep into 
me. I felt the blissful pain of his dick in me, it felt so good. He 
started going up and down on top of me, lifting my limp body with 
each stroke. He ran his tongue up and down my neck, as he went all 
the way in. He started pumping me, breathing hard on my neck. I 
was breathing hard too, and could feel my dick stiffening again. He 
got up, and came all the way out, then picked me up a little way, and 
slipped his whole dick in. He pumped me hard. I was moaning 
loudly from the pleasure.
 
He let me go, and followed me down, fucking me slowly in the ass. 
He put me in a semi- head lock, it only added to the pleasure. 
 
"This a new move you learned?" I asked gasping for air. He shortly 
let me go, pumping me hard and quick. I knew he was about to 
cum. He went down on me, pushing my body up, and down, deep 
into the bed. My whole body tensed up. He let out a louder moan 
than the ones before. I could feel his dick pumping sperm though 
my constricted ass hole. I flexed with his throbbing muscle till it 
was all out. We both relaxed, as he lied on top of me. We were both 
sweaty,
 
"Damn, now we need to take another shower..." I mumbled.
 
"That's all right with me." He said rubbing my sides. He gently 
kissed me on my neck, 
 
"I love you, Mark." He said in a soft voice. "I guess you would, 
you just came in me." I said laughing,
 
"I love you too, but, I still have this problem hard-on." I said 
smiling. He got off of me, and got the Vaseline. I stood besides 
him. He played with my floppy dick, and greased it up. I then 
leaned him over the side of the bed. I wasted no time going in on 
him, he tightened his ass as he started to moan. I felt him all over, 
pumping slowly. I kept rocking in and out, till I pushed all the way 
in him, his ass grabbed my dick, pulling it further in. I came up his 
ass. We both let out a sigh, then laid beside one another. He looked 
at the clock.
 
"That was the best two hours of my life..."
 
"Yeah," I kissed him, "Mine too."
