                          Married Hunk
                               by
                          William Cozad

     I was standing in the rain on the blacktop at Bay Meadows
racetrack. Jesus, I'd picked another loser. A goddamn horse that
hadn't won a race in two years flew down the stretch like
Secretariat in the Belmont.

     The jockey riding the favorite - which had just lost me a roll
of bills - greeted with boos after finishing out of the money.
Someone yelled at him that he'd already won his race for the month.
Another man shouted that he should go back to Turt Paradise because
he couldn't handle the big time.

     I'd torn up every ticket today. Gone were my hopes of breaking
even.

     I was becoming a racetrack bum. No matter how good a job I
had, I quit it as soon as it interfered with my life at the track.
I'd rather win an exacta bet than be the boss at work. The action
at the track got my juices flowing. I felt alive. Winning, you were
on top of the mountain; losing, you were lost at sea. I'd rather
have my future determined by a race in under two minutes than by
the stock market with all its insider trading.

     When I walked back into the grandstand to get out of the rain,
I walked right into a familiar face - Eddie from high school. I
hadn't seen him in five years. I'd been in the Navy in San Diego
and started going to Del Mar, the oval by the sea, where I got into
betting horses.

     Eddie was one hunky number. A hot-blooded Italian kid, he was
the type who defined the expression "Italian stallion," from what
I remembered of his equipment in the locker room at school.

     "How the hell are you?" he asked, pumping my paw.

     "I'm OK; it's the horses that are bad. Shit luck. I haven't
chased a ticket all day."

     "Tell me about it. I dumped on the favorite in the last race,
screwed and tattooed."

     "I didn't know you liked horses," I said.

     "They don't like me! Jeez, my old lady will kill me. I blew
another unemployment check."

     "I didn't know you were married."

     "Yeah, a girl from San Fernando Valley. Not one of those 'fer
sure' bitches. She's beautiful, but she hates my gambling habit."

     It shouldn't have surprised me that Eddie turned out to be a
gambler. He was always hanging out at the pool hall, hustling pool.
Me? I think I used gambling to escape from life. No one was going
to leave me a bundle, so maybe I could get it off a horse.

     "I'm tapped out," Eddie said. "I'd better go home and face the
music. She'll scream at me, but she'll get over it. She said it was
her or the horses, that I should take my pick. So I told her I was
thinking it over. That really pissed her off."

     "Got any kids?"

     "Yeah, a daughter. Looks just like her mamma."

     "Looks to me like you've got a good life," I said.

     "It sucks. I didn't plan to get married. I'm doing
construction work, but there's not much happening during the rainy
season. Tired of fighting with the wife, so I go to the track. It
helps pass the time."

     "Let me get us a drink," I said. My bankroll wasn't too bad;
I'd been getting some winners until the rain started.

     At the bar on the upper level, I bough Eddie a double shot o
whiskey and got myself a beer. Beer was the hardest stuff I would
touch; I didn't need getting drunk as an excuse for losing. I might
be a degenerate gambler, but I wasn't stupid.

     The eight and feature race was coming up. I'd had a bunch all
day about a horse called Appealing to You by the stud Court Ruling.
The horse won when you least expected it. They'd shipped in Devil's
Bridge from down south, who was bet down to even money. I put 20
bucks on Appealing to You and crossed my fingers.

     From the bar, we watched the race on the television monitor.
The rain was really pouring down. The horses were in the gate, the
flag was up, they were off, and the race was on. The track
announcer had trouble with the call because of the flying muck on
the jockey's silks and horse's blankets.

     Down the stretch, where the real running begins, Appealing to
You emerged the clear leader and won by daylight, laughing all the
way home. The favorite finished a distant second.

     "How did you know?" Eddie asked.

     "Luck. That's what it all comes down to, no matter what the
handicapping statistics are. Horses are flesh and blood creatures;
they don't win the way they're supposed to on paper. Appealing to
You is a good mudder and wins when you don't expect her to."

     "Seven to one odds. That's great."

     "Want another drink?"

     "Yeah, don't mind if I do."

     The other races on the program weren't worth betting on. I
knew I'd had my luck and wasn't about to put it all back.

     I'd taken the bus to the track, and Eddie had his pickup truck
in the lot. He insisted on giving me a ride, and I insisted on
buying him a bottle of Seagram's and a six-pack of Bud for myself
at a liquor store on El Camino, near the track.

     "I sure hate to go home," Eddie said.

     "Then don't. Let's celebrate."

     "What the hell, I'm in the doghouse anyway," Eddie said,
laughing.

     I'd thought about Eddie alot since graduation, whenever I
thought about those carefree high school days. He was movie-star
handsome, with black, wavy hair and sparkling blue eyes. Muscular
from sports and now from all that construction work, he had hard
biceps, a rippled chest, beefy thighs, and a well-packed basket.

     Eddie parked the pickup in an isolated spot near the train
tracks. He nipped on the bottle of whiskey while I swilled suds.

     "Sure great to see you again," he said. "You were in the Navy,
right?"

     "Yeah. Never got aboard a ship during my hitch, though. I was
a landlubber sailor."

     "What kind of work do you do now?"

     "Nothing. I'm between office jobs. I get bored, so I go to the
track."

     "I know what you mean. Are you married?"

     "Nope."

     "Got a special girl?"

     I shook my head. Here was my big chance to spill the beans and
tell butch Eddie with the sexy beard stubble that his old high
school buddy was gay. He'd probably throw me out of his truck and
leave me stranded in the pouring rain. You take your chances.

     "I don't like girls," I said.

     He looked puzzled but took another gulp of whiskey.

     "Know what you mean. I got burned by a few myself. But you
chase them until they catch you."

     "I'm queer as a $3 bill."

     He laughed. "A sissy you aint; I know that. We played sports
together, remember?"

     "Let's get one thing straight: I'm not."

     "You serious?"

     "Yeah. I found out in the Navy."

     "Around men all the time, you forget women. You can't be that
way. I don't believe it. Tell me you're joking."

     "It's the way I am - gay, queer, fruit, fag, fairy."

     "You're still a nice guy."

     "I always though you were the best looking guy I'd ever seen.
I've seen thousands of men in the Navy. For your type, you're
gorgeous."

     "You're the lucky one," he said.

     "Lucky in gambling but not with love."

     "You like men for real? What can yo do with another man?"

     "Suck, fuck, mutual masturbation, rim. You name it; you can
do it. Only difference between a man and a woman is that a man has
a handle to turn him over with."

     Eddie looked serious. I don't know if he was drunk or mulling
over what I said. There was silence as the rain came down in
sheets, hitting the top of the metal cab.

     "You, uh, suck dick?"

     "A born cocksucker."

     "Weird. Man, my old lady says that's dirty and disgusting.
She's never sucked my cock."

     "Something like this going to waste is a sin."

     "You wanna suck my dick" Eddie asked.

     I didn't answer. I just unbuttoned his fly and pulled his tiff
cock out of his white cotton briefs. Hard, it was bigger than I
thought it would be. It was uncut and drooled clear precome.

     I jacked the loose foreskin over the bloated cock head.

     "Suck it, man. Suck my fucking dick. I ain't had a blowjob
since I got married. I love head."

     I looked at his silver wedding band and sort of expected he'd
take it off, like a gay priest might turn his collar around before
going down on a parishioner.

     "I'm so fucking horny; I ain't had any ass in over a week."

     I freed his big, come-laden balls and held his cock head while
flicking my tongue over his hard, veiny shaft. I swabbed my tongue
over his slit and tasted his salty goo.

     "Eat me. Eat my fucking dick."

     I curled my lips around his flared, rosy cock head and sucked
down past the corona. I jacked his shaft while I sucked.

     "Oh, Christ, that feels good. Blow me, man."

     His cock responded to my suction, becoming red and swollen.
I tasted not only his precome but the residue of head cheese under
his foreskin.

     His hairy bush was black and wiry, tickling my nose when I
deep-throated that giant cock down to the balls. Seeing his big,
sweaty balls jiggling made me spit out his dick and lick his balls.

     "Oh, fuck. Lick my nuts. Put them in your mouth."

     Those bull nuts were big, but I sucked on each of them,
bathing them with spit,a nd I managed to gobble up both of them in
my mouth at the same time.

     I remembered that Eddie was a southpaw as he started his cock
with his left hand while I chewed on his balls. His silver wedding
band gleamed in the light.

     I could tell by his heavy breathing and by the hardness of his
cock that he was getting ready to shoot. But I wasn't about to let
this dream blowjob of a lifetime end so fast.

     Taking over the action, I shoved his hand away. He understood
that I wanted to slow it down and make it last. He ran his fingers
through my hair as I fastened my lips around his big cock and
started sucking him slowly and massaging his balls. My spit dripped
down his shaft, matting his black bush, making the hairs glisten.

     Eddie was a tit man; he unbuttoned my shirt, and the next
thing I knew, he was pinching my tits. That really got my motor
running, and precome oozed out of my dick.

     "Faster. Suck me faster. Oh, man, I wanna come. Wanna come in
your fucking mouth."

     I went to town, slurping that construction worker's big meat.
I massaged my tonsils on that monster meat, making it even bigger
and hard as iron.

     "Oh, son of a bitch. I'm gonna shoot, gonna shoot my fucking
load into a dude's mouth. Take it, cocksucker. Take my fucking
load."

     I don't remember any other cock exploding like that, like a
stick of dynamite in my mouth. I was an accomplished sucker of all
sizes and colors, but this Italian rod made me gag. Determined to
not lose any of delicious jism, I clamped my mouth on that cock
like the jaws of life and got spurt after spurt. It seemed like
gallons of hot Italian fuck juice.

     He was still tweaking my tits, and as soon as I tasted his
creamy, sweet jism in my mouth, I shot my wad in my shorts.

     "You suck like a champ, man. I ain't never had a blowjob like
that in my life."

     "Only another guy can make it feel that way," I said.

     I was surprised that Eddie's cock stayed hard. He was so manly
and looked even better than he had as a high school kid. Girls said
he looked like John Travolta, but I always thought Eddie was more
macho and oozed more sex appeal.

     He took another slug of the whiskey and smiled that engaging
smile of his. His blue eyes twinkled.

     "I wanna fuck you."

     "Yeah?"

     "I never had a girl who'd let me butt-fuck her, but I think
asses are sexy."

     I looked at him. "I'm queer, but I'm still a man."

     "You mean you don't - I thought you ..."

     I was stalling. Trust was, I'd kill for a cock like his up my
ass, but I didn't want him to know that yet. I wanted Eddie to work
on me. I wanted him to beg for it, like he probably had to do with
his wife.

     "I don't let just anyone make love to me. Yea, that's right,
fucking ass is lovemaking, connecting two people physically as well
as spiritually. Comprende?"

     Before Eddie knew what was happening, I flew into his arms and
pressed my lips against his luscious thick lips. I'd only dreamed
of kissing him and didn't think it would be possible; I know that
kissing is the last thing some straight guys will do. But I wanted
Eddie to kiss me before he fucked me. I was a hopeless romantic.

     I stroked his stiff prick while he kissed me. I practically
shoved my tongue down his throat. He responded to the sloppy soul
kiss and sucked on my tongue.

     Throughout all my whoring around in the Navy, I did most of
the fucking. It took a real man to fuck me, because I played hard
to get. But I wanted Eddie to fuck me more than anyone I'd ever
seen before. I wanted it to be supergood for him. Oh, God, I wanted
him to think of me when he fucked his wife.

     "You want my duck up your ass; I can tell," he said, coming
up for air.

     "My ass is hotter and tighter than any pussy you've ever had.
You fuck me, and you'll never be happy with women again.."

     I stripped off every bit of my clothes, stuffed then behind
me, and leaned against the passenger door of the pickup. It didn't
matter that it was chilly or that we were isolated in a truck cab.
Our breath steamed up the windows, and the rain beat down on the
metal roof and bed.

     Eddie dropped his jeans and shorts down around his hips and
kneeled on the seat. He crammed my hole with his giant cock, which
was now dripping syrupy precome, and stayed still for a moment.

     "Fuck me, you hot stud," I begged.

     Eddie went to work on my ass like the Italian stallion he
indeed was. He pumped my asshole and made me really feel his
thrusting, butt-churned cock strokes.

     I held on to his undulating, muscular ass cheeks while he
rammed his cock in and out, in and out of my clutching asshole.

     "Man, this is so good. Hot, fucking tight ass. Take it. Take
my big cock."

     I'd show him who could take it. I moved my ass around and
fucked him back while he fucked me hard, his big bull nuts slapping
wildly against my ass cheeks.

     "Oh, motherfucker, I'm gonna come. Gonna shoot my come up your
ass. Take it, bitch."

     His cock went off like a bomb up my ass. Streams of come
flooded my guts. Getting fucked had never felt like this before.
I clamped my ass muscles around his cock and siphoned every drop
out of his heavy balls.

     I was hardly aware that he had triggered a climax in me until
my jism just erupted from my cock and my asshole had spasms around
his throbbing prick.

     Eddie's cock eventually softened and slipped out of my
asshole. I could feel his come tricking down my thighs. His cock
was covered with slime and come, and he wiped it off on my pubic
bush and smeared my puddle of come in with it.

     "Unbelievably hot sex," he said.

     "Yup. You're like that champion racehorse Tom Rolfe, which
they couldn't get to breed no matter what they tried. One day, an
old black stable hand gave the horse a pint of whiskey, and the
stud fucked. But he wanted the whiskey every time before he did it
again. True story."

     "You didn't have to get me drunk. I wanted to do it anyway."

     "I couldn't take the chance that you wouldn't."

     Eddie insisted on driving me all the way home. I told him to
call me sometime, not expecting him to. I'd had broken promises and
shattered dreams before.

     as it turned out, he got work at a construction site not far
from where I live, and he came over to my place every day after
work to get down. Married men, I learned, were horny and willing
to experiment and satisfy you.

     Eventually Eddie took another job, with a construction company
in Phoenix, and left the state. I never saw him again, but I still
think about him sometimes when it's pouring rain and I'm standing
out on the blacktop at the track.

The End
