I had been asked to baby sit my best friends 10 year old
daughter, while she and her husband went on a 3 week
vacation to Europe.  I said, "sure, why not?" and took
Marsha and her clothes to my house.  The first
night we popped corn and watched movies till she fell asleep
on the floor.  I covered her with a blanket and let her sleep.
The phone rang and I answered it.  It was my friends calling
to let us know they arrived in London safely.  I told them
Marsha was sleeping and they said to tell her hello for them
and to give her their love. I said ok, and hung up.

Soft little snores were coming from the sleeping girl, and I
thought what the hell, I can watch my favorite porn video
without sound, and relieve my sexual tension, without
waking her up.  I popped the video in and muted the sound.
I settled back on the couch, and opened my robe.  As I
watched the scenes on the tube, I carressed and
tweaked my nipples, and slid my hand down to my pussy
and began to rub my clit, and dip my finger into it.  I watched
the screen for only a few minutes more, then closed my eyes
to begin my fantasy.

I was about halfway to my objective when I felt another hand
on my pussy!!!  I opened my eyes to see 10 year old Marsha
with her hand on my cunt.  I groaned, and asked her, "what
do you think you are doing?!?!?"  She smiled a shy smile and
said, "I am helping you cum, if you want me to."  "Helping me
cum?!?!?" I blurted out.  She giggled as only a 10 year old
girl can and said, "yes, I can make you cum.  I make mama
cum all the time!"  I took her hand from my pussy and sat up.
I patted the couch beside me and she climbed up and sat
close.

"Now, tell me about what you and your mama do."  Again she
giggled and said, "ok, but you can't tell her I told you.  She
would be mad.  She doesn't want daddy to know about it.
What is really fun though is I make my daddy cum too.  He
has been fucking me since last year, but he doesn't want
mama to know."  I sat there, silent.  I had no idea what to say
to this little girl.  She broke the silence by beginning her story.

"I was just real little when my mama first licked my pussy.  I
was playing with my toys when she called me into the bedroom.
I went to see what she wanted.  She lifted me up onto the bed,
and told me we were going to play a game.  Then she had me
take off my panties, and she spread my legs and started to
lick me.  I was scared, but it felt real good too, so I let her do
it.  She did it alot after that, and finally one day, she spread
her legs and asked me to lick her.  I did.  She taught me to
lick and suck, and push my fist into her pussy and fuck her
with it while I sucked her.  She always cums for me now!"

This little girl was proud of the fact that she could make her
mother cum!    I listened as she continued.  "It was not to
long after that, when my daddy came to me and told me he
wanted to play a new game.  He pulled my panties down,
lay me back and began to lick me !!!  I was not supposed to
tell him mama did the same thing, so I didn't.  He licked me
real good, made me feel real good just like mama did.  Then
he taught me to play with his cock.  I would stroke it, kiss it
and lick it, and suck on the end of it.  The first time I made
him cum, it scared me.  I thought I hurt him.  He laughed
and explained 'male orgasm' to me.  After that, I would make
him cum with my mouth and swallow it.  Then last year
after I turned 9, he wanted to play a new game.  He lay me
down and licked me real good, made my pussy real wet.
Then he moved up between my legs and pushed his cock at
my pussy.  It did not want to go in, but he pushed harder and
I felt it start to go in me.  He told me it might hurt a little, but
to be a big girl and bear with it for him.  He was right, it did
hurt, alot.  I cried out as his cock broke into me, and stretched
my pussy wide.  He leaned down and smothered my cry with
a deep kiss.  He moved his cock in and out and then he
groaned and I felt his cock swell up and move in me, then
felt the warm stuff I knew was his cum.  He pulled out of me
and asked me if I was mad.  I told him no, but I did not like
what we just did.  He laughed and hugged me and told me I
would learn to like it, to even want it.  Of course he was right."

I sat there not knowing what to say or do.  I realized that my pussy
was now dripping wet, and twitching in need.
Her story had turned me on !!  I started to get up and
she put her little hand on my arm and said, "Shelly, let me
suck your pussy off for you!  I really want to.  I like licking
and sucking pussy!  Let me taste your cum?"  I groaned.
She pushed her hand under my robe and felt my hot wet cunt.
I was lost.  I lay back, my feet on the floor, legs spread wide.
She lost no time diving into my pussy.  I felt her hot little tongue
as she slowly licked the length of my slit.  From my clit to my
asshole she licked, and kissed.  She even dug her tongue into
my asshole and licked as deep as she could, then closed her
lips over it and sucked.  I thought I would die in pleasure!
"mmmmmmmmmmmm, yesssssss !! "  I groaned.  She took
her lips from my ass and again licked my slit, in long soft, slow
licks with the flat of her tongue.  Now and then, she dipped it
into my cunt and lapped up my flowing juices.  My ass came
off the couch and I pushed my pussy into her hot little mouth.
Then I felt something at the entrance to my cunt.  I realized it
was her little fist !!  She pushed it into me until she could not
push any deeper, then she began to fuck me with it.  In, out,
slowly, deeply.  I began to cum for her.  She sensed it, and
closed her lips on my clit.  She sucked it as she fucked her
little fist into me harder and faster.  I screamed and grabbed
her head pulling her face tight to my cunt as I flooded it with
my hot juice.  I came and came and came, and she never
stopped sucking for one instant until I could cum no more.
Then she looked up at me, her face drowned in my hot cum
and smiled.  She pulled her fist from my pussy and licked
her fingers...."mmmmm so good"  she said.  I pulled her up
into my lap and hugged her tight.

She begged me, "finger fuck me!!! "  I carried her into the
bedroom and lay her on the bed.  I took off her pajamas and
spread her legs.  Her hairless little pussy was beautiful.  I
reached down and slid my finger into her slit and stroked it.
I kept a huge dildo in my drawer next to the bed, and I took
it out now.  I showed it to her and told her I was going to fuck
her with it.  Her pussy was already hot and very wet.  She
giggled and said, "oh yeah, fuck it in me !"  I spread her
pussy open and put the dildo at the entrance to her cunt.
she began to wiggle and scoot down, trying to get it inside
of her. I stroked her clit as I pushed the dildo inward.  I
watched as it began to stretch and enter her.  She moaned.
I pushed harder, and she bore down, taking fully half of the
10 inch cock into her cunt before it stopped.

I started a slow fucking motion, in, out, as I stroked her little
clit.  She wiggled and moaned, begged "fuck it into me harder !!!
Please, Shelly, fuck me harder!!"  I pushed and watched it
sink into her hot little cunt.  She bucked her hips up and down
meeting the dildo as I thrust it into her.  She was moaning,
squirming, and I knew she was going to cum.  I stroked her
clit, and flipped a switch on the dildo.  It sprang into life,
vibrating inside her tight little pussy.  "ARRRRRRRG
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " she cried out as she
came.  I watched her little girl juice as it flowed out around the
dildo.  Her whole body was visibly shaken as she came.  She
lay there nearly exhausted, and I gently continued to fuck her
with the dildo still vibrating.  I took her clit in my fingers and
began to slide its' little hood up and down.  It grew hard in
my fingers, and she began to moan again.  I pushed the dildo
into her and held it there.  "Fuck it, Marsha, fuck it baby."  I
told her.  She moved her ass and met my pushing it into her.
I kept stroking her clit, and fucking her, watching her face as
she once again came for me.   She was so tired and worn out
she fell asleep even before I could remove the dildo.  So I
thought what the hell?  and left it in her.  I crawled into bed
beside her and went to sleep.  Some time during the night
she took it out and turned it off.

2

Marsha liked to cum, have no doubt about that.  But what she
liked to do most of all was suck and lick pussy.  Who was I
to deny her?  We spent most of our time running around
naked, and more often then not, she had her lips attatched to
my cunt.  In the evenings, it became customary for me to fuck
her.  I bought a large two headed strap on dildo for the occasion.
She fucked the one end into my pussy, and I strapped it on.
Then she wrapped her lips around the other end and began to
lick and suck it.  She missed her daddys cock, that was very
obvious.  I pushed her back on the bed and knelt between her
legs.  The cock at her little hole, I thrust my hips forward, and
drove it into her deeply.  She reached up and squeezed my
tits, then took my nipple in her mouth and sucked.  I drove the
cock into her hard and fast, making her squeal on my tit.  I
sank fully 6 inches of big fat hard rubber cock into her cunt, and
she loved it.  Her writhing and sucking my tit made me so hot
I could not hold out.  "Cum with me Marsh, cum with me!" I
moaned as I buried the cock in her pussy and pulled her ass up
to hold her on it.  I felt her cum start just as mine did, and we
writhed together in our juices.

I had never been into girls / women, but this little piece of fluff
changed my mind.  For the next three weeks we were never
apart. We fucked and sucked, and fucked again, always wanting
more.  One of my favorite things was to put her naked over my
knee and give her a 'spanking' for being bad.  As my hand left
light red prints on her ass, I would fuck the huge dildo into her
from behind.  I always came as I watched it enter her this way,
and slapped her cute little ass to make her move on it.  She
always drenched me with her cum too.

Then it came time for her parents to come home.  Marsha was
happy / sad about this.  She loved them and wanted to see them
and have sex with them, but she wanted me too.  I came up with
an idea, but it would only work if one of her parents came to take
her home.  We crossed our fingers and hoped.  We did not care
which one, so long as it was only one.  Later that day we got the
call.  They were home and Dan, her father, would be coming to
get her.  He told her that her mama was laying down, tired from
the trip.  Marsha could barely contain her excitement.  "Ok,
daddy, I will be in the bedroom packing my things.  Shelly
says to just come on up to the bedroom when you get here."
Then she hung up.  She turned to me  a big grin on her face.
She grabbed my hand and said "lets' go !! he's coming!!"

We went up to the bedroom, and  I sat on the
edge of the bed, as she kneeled on all fours, her face in my
pussy.  We were supposed to wait until we heard the car door
slam, but she couldn't.  She began to lick my slit.  I groaned
and slid closer to the edge of the bed, trying to get more of
her hot tongue in my slit.  Gawd, but this kid loved licking and
sucking pussy!!  We heard the car door slam and knew that in
just a moment, her dad was going to be confronted with his
little girl sucking a womans cunt.  She giggled into my pussy
as she heard him coming up the stairs.  I watched the door.

When he got to the door, he stopped dead in his tracks.  In
shock at first, he then yelled, "what the fuck is going on here?
How dare you make my little girl suck your cunt!!"  He started
to move towards us and I held up my hand.  "She is the one
that wishes to suck my pussy.  Why shouldn't she?  She
sucks your cock does she not?"  I asked him.  He stopped and
turned white as a sheet.  "Oh yes, Marsha has told me all
about how she sucks you off and you fucking her."  She pulled
away from my pussy and looked at him, smiling, her face
covered with my juice.  "I did tell her daddy, and I did ask if
I could suck her, I like sucking pussy."  Dan stumbled to a
chair in the corner and put his face in his hands.  Marsha went
to him, and kissed him, her lips still wet with my pussy juice.
He moaned and pulled her into his arms and hugged her tight.

"I am not going to tell anyone Dan.  We just wanted you to
know that she likes sucking me, and doesn't want to have to
stop when she goes home.  Oh and by the way, she is one
hell of a pussy eater.  Carla taught her well."  His head
jerked up and he looked at me, then Marsha.  She smiled and
said, "yep, mama has me suck her all the time.  You did not
want me to tell her you did it, and she did not want me to tell
you that she did it."   I watched as Marsha then reached down
and unzipped her daddys pants.  He remained motionless in 
shock as she pulled his already hard cock out.  She stroked
it lovingly and then she asked him, "daddy, will you fuck me
doggie style while I suck Shelly's pussy?"  He groaned and
then lifted his naked little daughter in his arms and set her on
her hands and knees before me.   She dove into my pussy with
new gusto, making loud slurping noises.  I watched as Dan
stroked his cock, and put it at his daughters little cunt.  She
was already hot and wet, and when he thrust his cock impaled
her.  She squealed into my pussy as he began to fuck her.
He leaned over her and watched as she licked and kissed, and
sucked my pussy.  I heard him moan and tell her, "oh yeah,
lick it for her honey, lick up her hot juice!"  He fucked her
harder still as she doubled her effort on my cunt.  He took her
little hips in his hands and drove into her deeply.  She bucked
and  wiggled her ass, milking his cock.  I put my hands in her
hair and held her mouth to my pussy as I came.  I flooded her
hot little mouth just as her daddy filled her belly with his hot
cum.  She wiggled on his cock until she too had cum.  When
we had all cum we sat together and Dan began to talk.

He loved Marsha, loved fucking his little girl.  He was going
to give her bad news when he picked her up today.  He was
being transfered to England, and they were to move there.  The
sad part was that Carla did not think Marsha should move with
them.  She should stay in the states and go to the private
school she now attended.  Anyone could have seen that Marsha
was crushed!  Dan continued, "you will have to live at the school
Marsha.  I am sorry."  She began to cry, big silent tears.  Dan
hugged his little girl tight. "Dan?"  I said.  "Why can't Marsha
live with me while she goes to school?  That way she won't be
alone, and she will be safe.  You will be able to see her when
ever you want to, and the two of you can do as you wish when
you are here, with no fear."  Marshas face lit up a small bit, and
she pleaded, "please daddy?  please can I stay with Shelly if I
can't come with you?"  He smiled and said, "that is a wonderful
idea, and yes you may!"  Even though she still cried, she hugged
him tight and thanked him.  Then the two of them dressed and
went to tell Carla the news.

3

If Dan ever told Carla he knew about the sex she had with Marsha
I do not know.  Marsha and I saw them off at the airport 2 weeks
later.  She waved good-bye until the plane was out of sight.  Then
she took a note her daddy had written her out of her pocket.  He
asked her not to read it until he was gone.  We got to the car and
she opened it. This is what it said:

My dearest little love,

I am sorry you can not come with us right now.  But it is best if
you finish your schooling where you are among your friends.  I
and your mother will miss you terribly.  I want you to be a good
girl and mind Shelly, and now and then when she fucks you, think
of me.....love, dad.

She got tears in her eyes and put the note back in her pocket.
To cheer her up, we stopped and got a big ice cream cone.  By
the time she finished it, she was smiling again.  She took my
hand and said, "lets' go home Shelly."  I hugged her and we got
into the car.  I drove with one hand and slid the other one under
her little ass.  My finger found her pussy, and slid in.  She
giggled as my finger fucked into her.  I glanced at her and asked,
"want me to fuck you when we get home?"  I felt her pussy juice
flood my hand as she said, "YES !!"  When we got home, she
ran up the stairs removing her clothes as she went.  She laughed
and called out, "come on slow poke!!"  I ran up the stairs after her.
She was already on the bed, her legs spread wide, waiting.  I
laughed and told her, "ok eager beaver, but I have a surprise for
you."  I reached into the drawer and pulled out two dildoes.  The
huge vibrating one, and a much smaller vibrating one.  "What are
your going to do with that little thing?"  She asked me.  I grinned
and stripped off my clothes, then joined her on the bed.  She
sighed as I began pushing the huge cock into her little pussy,
pushing it in as far as I could.  I moved it in and out, and watched
as she moved her hips to meet it.  Her juice flowed freely, and
she begged me, "harder Shelly, please, fuck it in me harder!"
I was happy to do so, and was rewarded with her moan of
pleasure.  Then I slid the other smaller dildo up to her virgin
asshole.  I let it just touch there, as I continued to fuck her pussy.
She moved her ass, moaning "ooooooo".  I pushed it a little bit,
and the tip penetrated just the rim of her asshole.  Again, she
wiggled and moaned.  "Tell me you want me to fuck it into your
asshole Marsh, tell me to fuck your ass".

"Yes, yes please shove that cock in my ass, fuck me with it!!!"
I moved so that I was laying between her legs so that I could
see her impaled on both dildoes.  I pushed the little dildo into
her tight hot ass.  She yelled as it broke through her virgin
spincheter.  I eased up and let her get used to it a bit, then began
to fuck it into her in time with the dildo in her pussy.  I was amazed
at her response.  Her ass came off the bed, she bucked her hips
and drove both dildoes deeper into her body, screaming all the
time, "YES YES THAT'S IT !!! FUCK MY PUSSY, FUCK MY
ASS!!! "  I fucked her with abandon and leaned down to her pussy.
I caught her tiny, swollen, hard clit between my lips and sucked
on it.  Then I turned on both of the dildoes.

That did it.  She writhed and bucked and screamed and literally
flooded my face, the dildoes, and the bed as she came and came
and came.  Finally she fell back totally spent.  I pulled the dildoes
out of her, and moved up to kiss her.  I asked her, "are you glad
you are with me now?"  She threw her arms around my neck and
hugged me tight as she whispered, "yes, and I always want to be
with you!"  I lay beside her, my arm over her and we slept.

4

I was very happy, and so was Marsha.  We had each other, and
it seemed we never got tired of sucking and fucking each other,
nor did we ever get enough of it.  Time passed and things did
not change for us.  Her dad came to visit her once, but she did
not want to fuck him and he left quickly.  She told me she only
wanted me to fuck her now.  I smiled, happy to oblige her.  On
her 12th birthday, her parents gave me guardianship of her.  I
packed us up and moved to where no one knew us, or would
ever find us.  We moved to a house in the backwoods of
Tennessee.  It was there that we met Cindy, just after we moved
in.  Cindy was a girl of 9.  Marsha met Cindy at school and
brought her home to meet me.  I greeted her warmly and gave her
a soda.  We three sat on the porch and talked, until Cindy heard
her dad calling for her.  She jumped up and said, "I have to go
now!!" and ran off.   I thought something must be wrong, the way
she became all jumpy and upset when her father called her, so
I told Marsha to try and get it out of her.  She said she would the
next day.

Marsha came running in from school all excited yelling, "I know
why !!!  I know why !!!"  I calmed her down and she told me.
"I started talking to Cindy today, and I kind of had an idea what
was going on.  To make her talk about it, I told her that my
daddy used to fuck me all the time.  She looked at me, her
eyes open wide and said really?  I told her yes really.  Then
she told me that her daddy fucks her too, but it never feels
good to her.  She doesn't like it.  She doesn't have a mama,
so she has no one to complain too."  I told Marsha to go wash
for dinner and began a plan.  I knew we would not stay here long
now, but when we left, I wanted Cindy with us.  That night I dug
out my old polaroid, and bought some film for it.  After Marsha
was asleep, I snuck down to Cindys house.  I peeked in the
windows until I found them.  Sure enough, there was Cindy,
bound and gagged, her dirty grubby father shoving his cock in
her.  You couldn't call it love making, or even fucking.  He was
more animal then man as he abused the small girl.  I started
snapping pictures.

The next day when the girls were in school, I went to visit Cindys'
dad.  I showed him a few of the pictures, and told him I had given
the rest to my attorney for safe keepng.  He demanded to know
what I wanted.  I told him, " I want full custody of Cindy."  Though
he hated to do it, and hated me more, he agreed to give me
custody.  Arrangements were made and the papers signed that
afternoon.  When Cindy got home, her daddy was out, and I was
waiting for her.  I took her small hand in mine and told her, "you
are coming to live with Marsha and I from now on."  She looked at
me and asked, "really?  no foolin?"  I smiled and said, "really,
no foolin."  She yelled "yippie!!!" and nearly dragged me out the
door.  I packed the girls up and we left town that night.

5

We found a nice house in another state. One where the
neighbors did not live to close.  The schools were good, and
we made a home there.  After Cindy was scrubbed and clean
I took her to the doctor.  He gave her a clean bill of health.
Neither Marsha nor I made moves on Cindy, we let her be.  This
did not stop us though we were more private then before.  One
night, I was wearing the strap on cock, slowly fucking Marsha,
making her moan and tell me "fuck, me, oh yeah!!  it feels so
good!!! " when I noticed the door to our room slightly open.  I
saw cindy peeking in.  I lay down on Marsha, and kept fucking
her as I whispered, "we have company".  Knowing that Cindy was
watching made Marsha cum right then, and I followed seconds
later, grinding the cock into her pussy.  Making sure Cindy got
a good look, I withdrew the cock from Marshas pussy.  Marsha
undid the strap and pulled the dildo from my cunt, and licked it
clean before she put it in the drawer.  We kissed and lay down to
sleep.  The door shut, and we were once again alone.  Marsha
asked me, "do you think she is ready?"  "Yes, I do." I told her and
we slept.

While the girls were in school the next day, I went to the big city
to a porn shop.  I bought another smaller strap on two-headed
dildo, and another small vibrator.  Marsha was to talk to Cindy
and tell her that we always did each other and that it was
so good she had to have it.  And then offer to let Cindy join us.
That night, I sat on the edge of the bed, with Marsha hungrilly
licking and sucking my pussy.  I fucked it into her hot mouth and
moaned loudly, hoping to get Cindy to peek at us again.  Marsha
had made the offer and Cindy had not said either yes, or no.
Maybe if she watched and saw how good it was, she would choose
to join in.  Marsha was carressing my clit with her tongue when the
door opened.  Cindy stood there in her little night gown.  I smiled,
and told her, "come on over Cindy, you can watch if you want to."
She hesitated a moment, then came to sit on the bed.  Marsha
looked up at her and smiled, my pussy juice running down her
chin.

I asked Cindy, "would you like Marsha to lick your pussy?  It
feels real good."  She nodded a tenative yes.  I pulled her nightie
over her head and tossed it away.  Marsha moved before her and
spread her legs.  She smiled and said, "I have wanted to suck on
your pussy since we met!"  Then lowered her mouth to the girls
hairless little pussy and began licking it.  I watched her lick, and
suck, and tongue fuck the little girls pussy.  Cindy moaned and
put her hands in Marshas hair.  "OOOOH it feels so good!!!" she
cried and began to fuck Marshas hot tongue.  I carressed the little
girls hair, kissed her cheek and whispered, "that's it little one,
fuck her tongue.  Grind your pussy on it and give her your cum!"
Cindy squealed as Marsha captured her clit and sucked.  I felt the
little girls body tremble violently as she came.  Marsha licked her
until she stopped shaking.  Cindy let out a tired "WOW"  We
looked at her in surprise.  Then I realized this had been her first
cum!!!  I told Marsha, "congratulations, you just got your first ever
virgin cum!!!"  She smiled happily and planted a wet sloppy kiss
on Cindys still sensitive pussy.  We snuggled Cindy between us
and slept soundly.

I was glad that Cindy joined us. This meant that Marsha and I
could resume our life as before.  She had a stronger then ever
desire to have her lips and tongue in my pussy, anytime, and
anywhere in the house.  Marsha now wanted to teach Cindy
how to suck me off.  I did not argue!!

I sat in the arm chair, my legs spread over the arms.  My pussy
ever hot and wet, was fully open.  Cindy was between my legs,
gazing at it.  Marsha told her, "lean down, and lick it from here
to here."  she said, pointing to my clit, and then my asshole.
Cindy did as directed.  I felt her tenative virgin tongue in my
pussy and I moaned.  I lay back to let Marsha work her magic.
I just listened and enjoyed.  "Now, Cindy, stick your tongue up
her asshole as far as you can and move it in and out."  I
groaned as the little girl obeyed.  After a few seconds, Marsha
told her, "now, lick it again like before".  Marsha gave her
instructions and my cunt flowed freely on the little girls tongue.
I could hold out no longer when her lips closed on my clit and
she sucked.  I put my hands on either side of her head and held
her tight to my pussy and fucked her mouth, drenching it with my
hot cum.  When I released her, she was smiling and said, "I did
it!! I did it !!"  This made Marsha and I both laugh.

When we went to bed that night, I told Marsha, "I have a surprise
for you."  I reached into the drawer and pulled out the small two
headed strap on dildo.  "This is for you, I would love to see you wear
it and fuck little Cindy."  Marsha squealed in delight and kissed
me hard.  Cindy lay on the bed wide eyed and a bit scared.
Marsha said, "will you fuck my end into me and help me tie it on?"
She put one foot on the bed, spreading her legs wide.  Cindy
watched as I began to push the largest end of the dildo into
Marshas already wet cunt.  I fucked it in and out of her a few times,
and when it was all the way in, I tied it on. I poured some baby oil
on the other end of the cock and watched Marsha rub it around.
Then she climbed between Cindys legs.  I whispered to Cindy.
"I promise, it won't hurt, and you will like it alot."  I reached down
and spread her pussy.  Marsha pushed the dildo up against her
little hole and began to thrust her hips forward.  The dildo sank
in smoothly, and completely (it was only 4 inches long on this end)

Cindy moaned as Marsha began to fuck her.  Marsha was a bit
awkward at first, but she caught on quick.  Soon I was watching
her fill the little pussy in front of her expertly.  Cindys hips moved
to meet each thrust, and I could see her pussy was so wet, her
clit hard and needy.  I reached down and stroked that hard little
nub.  Marsha groaned, and Cindy screamed in delight at about
the same time.  They came together, bucking and thrashing, each
of them reaching for more.  When they were done, Marsha withdrew
the dildo from Cindy and asked, "can I sleep with it on?"  I laughed
and told her she could do anything she wished with it.  As I lay
with the girls on either side of me, Cindy looked at me and asked,
"will you fuck me tomorrow? "  I grinned and told her yes.  "With
the big cock?"  "Only if you want me to " I answered.  She said,
"I do."  I almost strapped it on and fucked her right then I was so
turned on.  Then Marsha and Cindy both put their heads on my
chest and each of them took a nipple in their mouths and suckled
until they fell asleep.  I was in heaven.

6

The next day passed slowly.  I could not wait for the girls to get
home.  My pussy was hot and achey as I thought about fucking
Cindy with my huge strap on cock.  Just the thought of her tight
little pussy stretched around it made me want to cum.  Finally
they were home.  We had dinner, did dishes, and went to the
bedroom.  Marsha and Cindy jumped in the bed and threw their
clothes off.  Then they got into the  ' 69 ' position and began
sucking each other.  I groaned in need.  What a sight!  Two
girls, 9 and 12 sucking each other!  I sat on the bed beside them.
The two of them stopped and pulled me down onto the bed.

Cindy sucked my tits, as Marsha licked and sucked my pussy.
After sevreal minutes, they changed places.  Then Marsha
reached over into the drawer and pulled out the huge two headed
dildo.  She handed it to Cindy.  She watched as Cindy began to
fuck it into me.  "Yeah, that's it Cin, push it in, deeper!"  Marsha
told her.  Cindy giggled and pushed until the cock was buried in
me.  Then Marsha tied it.  Cindy moved over and lay on her back.
Marsha knelt just above her head, and grabbed Cindys ankles,
pulling her little ass up, her legs wide.  I looked at the little
hairless pussy just touching the dildo and asked Cindy, "are
you sure little one?"  She rubbed her own clit and said,
"fuck it into me, fuck me hard and deep, make me cum!"  I thrust
and the huge cock met her hole and stopped.  I thrust again, and
the tip entered her.  She wiggled and moved her ass.  Marsha
moaned as she watched.  I pushed again and watched as the
cock began to stretch Cindys little pussy.  "YESSSSSSS"
she moaned.  I took her little hips in my hands and pulled her
up as I pushed forward.  In that one stroke, I buried 5 inches
of the 10 in her cunt.  She screamed and writhed as I held her
pussy on it.  I let her get used to it, then slowly began to fuck her.

I came three times as I watched it enter her, making her squirm
and writhe.  She moaned and then begged, "please Shelly, fuck
me, FUCK ME!!"  I fucked her harder and faster, ever trying to get
more of the huge cock into her little pussy.  I saw her reach up
and spread Marshas pussy.  "Please, let me suck you Marsha!"
she cried.  Marsha straddled her face.  I watched her lips close
on Marshas clit.  She sucked it furiously as I stretched her little
pussy sinking another 1/2 inch of cock into her belly.  Suddenly
she screamed, "I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING!!! " into Marshas
pussy.  I held her pussy on the dildo and let her fuck herself on it.
Marsha flooded Cindys mouth with her cum, just as Cindy flooded
the bed with hers.  I came so hard, it nearly hurt, as the two
girls moaned and thrashed upon the bed.

7

Like I said, we could never get enough of each other.  The three of
us watched porn flicks together and usually ended up laughing at
them, for what we did was far more pleasing.  But there were a few
things the girls wanted to try.  Marsha wanted both her and I to
strap on our respective cocks and fuck cindy in the ass and the
pussy at the same time.  Cindy giggled and thought that would be
fun.  Cindy on the other hand wanted something much different.
She wanted to suck my piss out of me, and drink it down while
I fucked her mouth and flooded it with my cum, and Marsha fucked
her.  We flipped a coin to see who would be first to get what they
wanted.  Cindy won.

That night, Cindy brought me a good many things to drink.  When
I told her I had had enough, she giggled and said, "I really want you
to give me lots of piss to suck out."  I groaned and drank another
cup of coffee.  Marsha giggled.  I already had to piss, and minutes
later the coffee left no room to wait.  Cindy was in charge this night.
When I confirmed that I was ready, she had me stand, one foot on
the couch, my legs open wide, my pussy exposed.   She put a
mirror against a chair, so that I could see her as she sucked me.
She had Marshas strap on cock ready and pushed it into her and
tied it on.  Then she got on her knees.  "Shove your cock in me
Marsh!!  Fuck me deep and hard!!"  Marsha fell to her knees,
grabbed Cindys hips and drove the cock as deep and hard as
she could into the girls pussy.  Cindy begged, "please Shelly,
please let me suck out your piss!!!"  I moaned and lowered my
pussy to her now open, waiting mouth.  I watched in the mirror
as my stream of hot piss began to flow into the little girls mouth.

She bucked her ass hard against Marshas pounding cock as
she swallowed my piss.  She drank every bit of it, and followed
the stream up to my slit.  She covered my slit with her wide open
mouth and sucked.  I thrust my pussy into her mouth and fucked
it hard as she sucked my piss.  Gawd!!!!! I had never felt anything
like it!!  I pulled her mouth up tighter against my cunt and she
sucked harder. I could her Marsha moan and saw her fuck Cindys
little pussy even harder.  Cindy moaned into my pussy as she
sucked and sucked and sucked.  I could hold out no more.  I
let go of my piss and cum at the same time into her sucking
mouth.  She drank it all, every bit of it, then she and Marsha
came together.  I collapsed onto the couch, and saw both
girls grinning at me.  Cindy said, "you tasted so good!!  I liked it
when your cum mixed with your piss!!!  I want more!!!"   Marsha
giggled and said, "yeah, it was one hot sight!!!  I got to see this
again soon!  Made me cum so hard I got tears!!"  I leaned back
and groaned then asked, "what did I do to deserve this?"  Both
girls jumped on the couch with me and hugged me tight.  They
answered together, "you love us, and we love you."  With that, we
all went to bed for some good sleep.

8

You'd think our pussies would be fucked out and sore wouldn't you?
Not so. No sir.  The more we sucked and fucked, the more it
seemed we wanted it.  One night I was kind of tired, so I came up
with something new.  I took the huge two headed dildo and lay
the girls on the bed, their legs crossed over each other thighs,
their hot little pussies almost touching.  Then I pushed the dildo
into both of them, and pulled them closer together.  It was a
sight to see these two hairless little cunts stuffed full of huge
rubber cock.  The began to move on them, trying hard to fuck
each other and themselves.  I watched as they grew moer intent
on getting off, and unable to do so.  Finally, I had mercy.  I began
to rub each girls little clit.  Gawd, how they writhed and moved for
me, impaled upon that huge cock, sharing it.  Then both of them
began to tremble and they came together for me.  I had them lay
that way to sleep, just in case I woke up and wanted to see them
fuck again.  I woke up in the night, and found the two of them still
impaled upon the cock.  I smiled and leaned down.  I licked first
one, and then the other little clit.  The girls moaned and began to
fuck the dildo in their sleep.  I licked and sucked each girl gently
until I was convinced they each had had a wet dream.

We settled into a routine of sorts.  Every morning Cindy would
wake me up with her mouth on my pussy, sucking, moaning in
need.  Once I was awake, she would lay on her back, her little
mouth open wide, waiting.  I would straddle her face, and lower
my pussy onto her open mouth.  She would begin sucking.  I
moaned and ground my pussy harder onto her face as she
drank my piss and sucked for more.  I bucked and fucked her
hot little mouth and gave her what she needed, my piss and cum
mixed together.  In the afternoon, it was Marsha.  She always
wanted her mouth on my pussy.  As I did the dishes, she would
kneel at my feet and eagerly lick and kiss, and suck my pussy.
She was good!  She would suck me until I had cum on her tongue
at least three times, before she would release my clit. Every
night, Marsha and I took turns fucking Cindy, though more often
then not, it was Marsha who fucked her.  I loved fucking Marsha
and did so often.  As the girls got older, these things happened
less and less as they found new outside interests, and grew up.

The days, weeks, months and then years flew by.  Marsha was
18 when she came to tell me that she loved me, but she was
moving out, and that she wanted me to let Cindy go with her.
I loved them to much to hold them back, and let them go.  
