     Martin Shore was awkward pimply faced boy of 13 who lived with his
parents and sister in luxury apartment on the upper west side of Manhattan.
His mother was a firm believer in strict discipline while his father was more
relaxed about raising children.  Martin's father never physically punished him,
that was always his mothers chore.  Martin resented his mother's dominance of
both himself and his father.  Martin's mother ruled the house with an iron
fist and often verbally pushed his father around.  Martin took solace in the
fact that his older sister got spanked as well, although it was only on the
rarest of occasions.  Martin received the biggest erotic thrill of his life
when he "overheard" his sister's last spankings.  He spent 3 days masturbating
to the thought of his sister being paddle on her bare ass.
     
     Since it was getting close to the holidays, Martin's aunt Jesseca was
in town for a visit.  Jesseca was his mother's older sister.  She was a
buxom 35 year blond woman whom Martin had the biggest crush for.  She was
single and as his mother put it, the black sheep of the family.  She loved
to stay up late with Martin's father, drink brandy, smoke a cigar and talk
all night with him about things that went beyond Martin's comprehension.
Martin's mother, Emma only made snide comments about her behavior which Martin
resented.
     
     One day during Jesseca's visit, Martin walked into her room without
knocking.  He wasn't trying to "steal" a cheap gawk, he just simply forgot his
manners.  He was greeted by the lovely sight of Jesseca bending over in mid-
dress.  She was wearing only a bra, panties and a pair of stocking which she
was adjusting.  The sight of her shapely bottom as it stretched the fabric of
herpanties made Martin forget himself and gasp in pure disbelief.  Jesseca
turned around and let out an involuntary yelp at having been caught half naked.
Martin gulped, muttered a quick apology and fled the room.  But it was too
late.
    
    Martin's mother heard her sister and rushed over to see what had caused
her distress.  She found Martin leaving her room and her sister inside,
throwing on a robe.  Jesseca only laughed.
     
     "He forgot to knock and, I guess you could say he caught me with my
pants down."
     
     "He's supposed to knock, that's the house rule."
     
     "It's really no big deal, Emma."
     
     Emma stormed out of the room and return a moment later with Martin in
tow.
     
     "Apologize to your aunt young man!"
     
     "I'm s-s-s-orry," Martin managed to stammer out.
     
     "You know the house rules Martin, take down your pants."
     
     "N-n-no!"
     
     "Martin don't make this worse for you than it already is."
     
     "Emma, this isn't re..."
     
     Martin's mother cut Jesseca off with a nasty glance.
     
     "He walked in on you, and you're going to watch him be punished."
     
     Emma grabbed a chair and hauled Martin over to her.  He submitted and
pulled down his pants.
     
     "And your underpants too!"
     
     "NO!" Martin screamed. "Not in front of Aunt Jesseca."
     
     His mother grabbed him, yanked him over her lap and pulled his under-
pants down.  She pulled out a large oval wooden backed hair brush from her 
pocket and proceeded to spank Martin until his bottom was dark red.  He
screamed and cried from the very beginning.  Jesseca felt bad for Martin, and
she resented Emma for her cruelty, but secretly she enjoyed the site of
Martin's bare bottom being spanked.  She knew he would be humiliated by the
whole experience and while she watched Emma whale on her son's behind she
received and idea which she thought he would benefit from.  An idea she
knew she could enjoy as well.....
     
     Martin spent the rest of the evening, sobbing into his pillow, while
lying on his stomach.  He was filled with anger towards his mother and towards 
Jesseca as well, since she witnessed his painful indignation.  He comforted 
himself with fantasies of spanking both of them and slow drifted off to sleep.

     Several days later, Martin's parents went out for the evening to
a cocktail party thrown by one of Martin's father's associates.  Martin's
sister was staying over a friends house and Jesseca volunteered to stay at
home and "keep an eye on the boy," as Martin's mother had put it.
     
     Martin was in his room under the pretence of doing his homework.
He was actually sitting on his bed masturbating to the vision of his Aunt 
lovely rear end, sticking up as it was as she bent over.  He pictured it
being spanked and this melted into his mother's bottom being spanking.  As he
ejaculated into a kleenex his bedroom door flew open and in walked Jesseca.
     
     "Hi Kiddo, I wa....whoops..." She left and shut the door.
     
     Martin nearly died.  He quickly threw away the kleenex and zipped him-
self up.  He laid down on his bed in an absolute state of panic.  His mother
had walked in on him masturbating several months ago.  She spanked him long
and hard for that.  Now his Aunt had seen him.  It was embarrassing enough
to be seen naked, but he was wacking off as well.  He wanted to die.
     
     The was a knock at his door.
     
     "Come in," he said in a whisper.
     
     His Aunt cautiously opened the door and crept in.  She pulled up a
chair and sat down next to Martin's bed.  Martin's heart began to pound in his
chest in dreaded anticipation of what was to come.
     
     "I'm sorry Martin, I guess I forgot to knock."
     
     Martin stared at her in silence, and then he saw she had the hair
brush, and his heart grew cold with terror.
     
     She held up the hair brush.  "I guess you know what this for."
     
     Martin nodded slowly.
     
     She stood up, dropped the brush on the bed, pulled down her pants and
underwear, turned around and kneeled on the chair, presenting her upturn bare
bottom to Martin.
     
     "A house rule is a house rule, and I broke one."
     
     Martins heart stopped and his jaw dropped.  He sat there frozen in
disbelief.
     
     "What's the matter, Martin?  Do you want me over your lap instead?"
     
     The wheels in Martin's head began to turn.  The site of his Aunt's
gorgeous bottom, upturned and on display (and bare no less!) drove him mad.
He picked up the brush and approached her.
     
     "You're serious about this, Aunt Jesseca?"
     
     "Yes Martin.  I've broken a house rule and now you must spank me.
A good long spanking, Martin."  And for incentive, she added, "like the one
I saw your mother give you."
     
     Martin gripped the handle of the hair brush tightly and the corner's
of his mouth turned down in determination, but something held him back.  The
thought of himself spanking an adult just didn't equate, and yet here she was
placing her bottom on full display and asking him for a spanking!  His first
swat was light...<swat.>
     
     "ow.  Martin?"
     
     "Yes?"
     
     "I know I'll regret this, but you really need to put some effort into
it, or it really won't be much of spanking."
     
     Martin smiled.  That was his que.  He cocked back his arm and with all
his might brought the back of the hair brush down onto Jesseca lower right
cheek...<SWAT!!>
     
     "YYYEEEEOOOOWWWW!!!!!!"  Jesseca had the breath knocked out of her;
not expecting the blow to be so hard.
     
     "That's a boy..." she started to gasp, but he cut her off.
     
     SMACK!! SMACK!! SMACK!! SWAT!!  
     
     "Owwwww, Ohhhhh!  Yeeeooow!  Eeeeee!"
     
     Martin worked his arm in rapid fire quickly covering his Aunt's bottom
with stinging blows that bit into her ass flesh and send waves of pain through
her bottom.  She gripped on the back of the chair, and gritted her teeth like
she was in for the ride of her life.  As the pain began to build and swell in 
her rear, waves of pleasure began pulsing through her crotch.  The thought of
her 13 year old nephew spanking her bare bottom drove her mad with erotic
excitement.  Martin was sporting an erection he thought would explode.  He was
determined to paddle his Aunt until his arm was sore.
     
     "That's it Martin..OW...I broke the...YEOW...house rules and...OWWW..
I need to given ...OW...good spanking..YEEOW!"
     
     Martin noticed how her cheeks were growing redder by the swat and soon
the took on a deep hue of red, but he felt like he still had some more life 
left in his arm.  He had done a thorough job covering he ass cheeks with
spanks and stopped to admire his work and see what her reaction was.
     
     Jesseca let out a deep breath, "are you through?"
     
     Martin paused, and then decided to test his power. "No, I'm not."
     
     "Oh," Jesseca said, and offered her bottom up once again.
     
     Martin smiled and resumed paddling her with the hair brush.
     
     The pain had grown intolerable, and it was all she could do to keep
from leaping up.  Finally he stopped and said he was finished.  Jesseca 
immediately leapt up and began to rub her tender behind, but she found it too 
sore to even touch.  She frantically hopped around the room fanning her rear
end and Martin thought she looked crazy, like someone trying to shoo away
demons which were sticking her rear with little pitchforks.  But the site of
his Aunt's naked, beet red bottom also drove him wild.  He wished she would
leave so he could wack-off.  Finally, after several minutes, Jesseca stopped
dancing and Martin saw there were tears in her eyes.  She came over to him and
they hugged.
     
     "I promise never to come into your with out knocking again."
     
     Martin smiled and shrugged, "Sure, thanks.  Are you okay?"
     
     She smiled and said yes.  She shuffled out the door, her pants and
panties around her knees.  Her bottom hurt too much to pull them up.  The
site of her reddened naked ass jiggling as she shuffled out was etched in 
Martin's mind for years to come.  Both parties spent the next several
hours masturbating in their respective bedrooms.
