

This is a true story. 

	When I was in College I used to date a woman named Martha. She was one 
of the most incredible women I've ever met, she would do just about anything if 
it felt good.

	We used to spend hours in bed screwing in between classes. I introduced 
her to dildos and various sexual paraphernalia which she learned to enjoy with 
gusto.

	One of our favorite activities involved me fucking her in the ass while 
I pumped her with a huge vibrator in her cunt.

	One time I worked my fist into her Cunt, it was incredible, I had her 
on all fours while I pumped my fist in and out of her pussy while fingering her 
clit with my other hand. She came a half a dozen times or so while screaming 
for me to stop. It was after one of our major fist fucking sessions that she 
confided to me that one of her most intense fantasies involved fucking an animal
like a dog or maybe something even bigger.

	She laughed as she reveled her thoughts to me, she said she did not want
me to think she was perverted or something. I assured her it was an intense 
fantasy but it excited me too.

	And so I made it happen for her.

	There was a dog that roamed around the campus dorms, basically it was 
the dorm dog so to speak. It was a huge German Shepard, everyone knew this dog 
as Bud and it was very friendly. 

	One day after class I brought Bud back to Martha's apartment and left 
him in the kitchen while I prepared a welcome for Martha that she would never 
forget. I set up an ottoman in the middle of the floor and attached cloth ties 
to the legs, another of Marty's fantasy's involves bondage and this would be a 
great lead in to set her up for Bud.

	When Marty got back home I wrestled her into the bedroom and started 
making out with her. In no time I had her jeans off and latched my mouth on to 
her Clit while I fingered her in to a delirium.

	Just before she came I told her I wanted to Tie her down to the Ottoman 
so that She would be on all fours and blindfolded while I made love to her. She 
liked that idea and agreed to take part. I tied Marty up so that she was on her
hands and knees over the Ottoman and blind folded. After I had her secured I 
started to work on her clit again with me tounge. Marty was was coming in spurts
and soaking her loins with her juices. Just as she was peaking again I pulled 
away.

	"Where are you going!?" she yelled in frustration as I opened the door 
and let Bud into the room. "What's going on here?" she asked, I could hear the 
nervousness in her voice.

	Without a word I led Bud around behind her. She could hear his feet 
moving across the floor even though I had put socks on his claws so he wouldn't 
scratch her.

	"Don't worry, trust me." I assured her.

	 "Hell no.  You're not doing what I think you're doing are you?" she 
asked half pleading. 

	Marty tried to get up but the ottoman hindered her movements long enough
so that I could get to her and hold her down.

	"Damn you don't, this is embarrasing" she cried.

	" Shhhh" I said " Relax, I won't ever tell anyone and I won't let him 
hurt you either."

	 I directed Bud over to Marty's cunt while I held her in place. I put 
his snout in to her sopping cunt and away he went, it must have been the salty 
musk of her cunt but he needed no encouragement at all to start working away 
at her slit. I could see him burrowing his nose into her as he licked frantic-
ally at her throbbing loins. I could feel Martha tense up as she came with a 
loud grunt.

	I also noticed that Bud's penis was at full staff and sticking straight 
out of his sheath. It wasn't very thick but it was plenty long and beet red with
blood. I pulled him up on to Marty as she struggled to move away.

	As Bud climed up behind her I helped him move into position putting his 
penis just inside of Marty's labia. Marty froze. I could tell she was holding 
her breath. Then with on fierce lunge Bud rammed the whole thing into her. 
Marty let loose with a "arrgh!" as he caught her by surprise. Then he just 
clamped on and just hammered away at her like crazy. I could see Martha slowly 
relaxing as she got into the pounding.

	"God! Oh God! It's so hot! Ahh...Ahh." Over and over again Bud pistoned 
in and out of her. Marty was tensing up, and making a rhytmic high pitched 
"mmmmm!...mmmmm!....mmmmm!" as she came over and over again. Bud was going 
faster and faster and finally he pushed into her and held still as Marty 
twitched beneath him making small moaning noises.

	"He's getting so big!" cried Marty. " It almost hurts. I can still feel 
him thobbing inside of me. God! It's soo big." I didn't know what she was 
talking Bud didn't seem at all big to me when he first entered her so I though 
she was just in some sort of delirium. As I got in behind her to move Bud away 
but he was buried to the hilt in her! Even as I moved him to the side his dick 
just swiveled around still lodged in Marty.

	"Don't! It feels good... Just let him alone.." she said, as I was doing 
that. And so I left him there as the two of them twitched and Martha moaned 
softly. When he did pull out of her with a moist pop I was surprised at how 
much bigger he was in girth and near the base of his penis I could see the 
hard knobs that I read about in books. It was for real. I untied Marty and let 
her up. She looked at my kind of uncertainly then giggled as Dog cum poured out 
of her when she stood up. She worked her way down to my pulsing member and 
worked me out for the rest of the night.

	To this day I still remember that session in her room. And as it would 
prove it would be one of many as Marty really got in to screwing Bud. And it 
did lead to other, even more incredible things later on. But that's another 
story. 

