 
Teaching Mary Anne: 6 The Gangs All Here
 
Part A
 
Mary Anne's epic of humiliation continues! This one is the
nastiest by far, the most demeaning and terrible, but... There's a
safeword mentioned! So now even the politically correct can read
and enjoy. :)
 
Written in 1992 by Heironymus 
For Free Distribution to all Humankind 
Please do not edit or sell for profit.
 
____________________________________________________
     "She's been gone for two weeks, looking at colleges."
     Jed nodded, sipping his beer.
     I got to the point. "So, I think she's ready to be fucked.
Fucked *hard.*"
    Jed's face went serious considered this. He'd done her with me
once before, but obviously still had some misgivings. "And you're
sure she's into this?"
     I nodded. "Oh yes."
     The doorbell rang, and I answered it, and found myself
looking into the dark smiling face of Tyrone.
     "What's up?"
     He grinned and shook Jed's hand, then mine, his handshake as
firm as ever. He looked good, healthy, thickly muscled beneath his
clean white T-shirt. I found myself wondering how big his cock
was, and what I'd have Mary Anne do with it.
     "Who else is coming?" Jed asked. Ty laughed. "If you'll
pardon the pun..."
     "Mark is," I said. Mark was still petty depressed, had been
since he'd been dumped by Sabrina, Mary Annes sister. I kind of
hoped that tonight's performance would help him get over her. The
two sisters were physically pretty similar, both natural blondes,
with long, straight hair, blue eyes, and fine, delicate features.
The only real difference was that Sabrina was a rail, while Mary
Anne was quite a bit heavier in the hips and ass.
     Tyrone stretched, yawning loudly. "Pretty tough day at work.
Mind if I take a shower?"
     "Help yourself."
     A few minutes later, Mark let himself in without knocking, as
usual, his expression sour, shoulders hunched.  He was a skinny
guy, with a face that could politely be described as bony. He'd
never had too much trouble getting a date though, to my amazement.
An ex-girlfriend had explained to me that he had
something--charisma--that made his narrow, Ichibod crane face
alluring.
     He was good friend. I'd wanted to share Mary Anne with him
for awhile. He'd always said that she didn't attract him; too
heavy, or something. I mean, he and Sabrina were ectomorphs, so,
it made sense. We'd see.
     "Hey guys." He sat at the kitchen table with us, pulling out
a small bowl, and packing it with the cheap brown weed we used to
smoke back then. "What's going on, huh?"
     I smiled. "A little party. Jed, you got the blow?"
     Jed nodded as he took a hit on the bowl. "Yeah." He blew
smoke out his nostrils slowly "Normally, I don't really approve of
this stuff. But tonight, well...I thought I'd make an exception."
     Mark laughed. "A dealer with a conscience!"
     "At least where his friends are concerned.
    Jed had produced the tiny amber vial, and a pocket sized
mirror. Sitting at the kitchen table, he shook the rock from the
vial, and began to chop it precisely with a razor blade.
     "Friends. Customers. What's the difference?"
     Mark stared at the white powder and sighed. "I wasn't going
to waste any more money on that stuff."
     "Don't worry," Jed said, looking at me. "Its bought and paid
for."
     Hearing another car arrive, I moved into the living room to
look out the window. My heart skipped a beat. There she was.
     Mary Anne got out of her old battered Subaru, a light wind
tugging at her hair and skirt. She looked up at the house
uneasily, her eyes squinting against the wind. Then she saw me
standing in the window, and smiled.
     I hurried her in, holding a finger to my lips, and we both
tip toed up the stairs. I could hear Ty showering in our bathroom,
so I hustled Mary Anne into my parents bedroom.
    "Hi." She kissed me lightly, a wan smile playing at the
corners of her mouth.
     I returned the kiss, letting my hand roam over her breasts,
cupping her ass through the thin material of her skirt.
     Ohhh, tonight was going to be special.
     I went to the dresser, and removed Mary Anne's costume for
the night. The black garter was the right size, I knew, but the
fishnets were a new purchase, and I wanted to see how they fit.
Also, the leather pushup bodice.
    Mary Anne stripped out of her skirt and blouse quickly. I
began to undress as well, Mary Anne smiling as my already erect
penis bobbed free from my underwear.
     I lay down on the king sized bed, watching as she put on the
garters, stockings, and black high heeled pumps. Then the bodice,
which nicely squeezed the slight chunkiness around her middle,
heightening her lushly curved top and bottom.
     "Lipstick" I whispered.
    "Oh." She found a brilliant red stick, my mother's in fact,
and put it on, pursing her lips in the full length mirror over the
dresser.
    "Almost forgot." I got up, and checked the tripod set up to
the right of the bed. After a seconds thought, I set the tape on
the 2 hour speed. I wanted the quality, and if it lasted longer, I
could always pop in another cassette.
    Mary Anne frowned at the video camera.
    "This is only for you, isn't it? I mean, no one else is going
to see it...?"
     I nodded, not bothering to point out the ridiculousness of
her concern. She was going to be fucked tonight by 4 guys, who
knew how many times, and she was worried about the video?
     "Don't worry honey. While you're at college, these tapes will
see me through the lean times."
     She smiled sadly, and lowered herself to her knees, sucking
one finger with her bright, red lips.
     "Should I suck you some, now?"
     I walked around her slowly. Her ass was beautiful, large and
white, with sharply defined tan lines running diagonally across
her flanks. Her tits jutted out over the bodice enticingly, the
tiny pink nipples already beginning to become erect from the
slight chill in the air. I kept the house cold for this. I liked
the thought of all that gooseflesh...
    I pointed at my cock, now half erect, and nodded.
     She smiled and shuffled forward on the knees to take my cock
in her mouth. I had no intention of cumming any time soon, of
course. But I needed to start building up the load for the camera.
That was the secret that the porn stars had learned; build for a
long time before cumming. Not rocket science, but true
nevertheless, and vital if one wanted a truly spectacular eruption
of jism.
      Mary Anne suckled as I made the final adjustments on the
camera, and hit the button. The red light flashed on.
     "Showtime!"
      The door opened a crack. Tyrone stood there, wearing a blue
robe of my brothers. He raised his eyebrows questioningly, his
eyes flashing down to Mary Anne on her knees, and back up to mine.
    I nodded. "Come in."
   Mary Anne whipped her head around, looking up at Ty, her lips
slightly parted. "Hi." She said, her voice breaking. Jed and I had
been the only men she'd ever had. Tonight would double her
lifelong total.
     "Hi honey."
    He let the robe fall open, revealing his broad, hairless, well
muscled torso. Mary Annes eyes traveled down his coffee brown
body, coming to rest at his crotch, widening in alarm.
    He smiled. "Say hello to Boa."
    Ty's cock, half flaccid, must have measured a good 8 inches.
It twitched, as Mary Anne swallowed, wiping at the spit dribbling
on her chin.
     He stood beside me, glancing down at Mary Anne, his cock
already twitching to life.
     "What's the etiquette here?" Typical Ty question. He was
nothing if not urbane.
    "Mary Anne? Suck him. If you see anybody losing their
erection, at any time, start sucking them. Understand?"
    Another pensive nod, as Mary Anne took Ty's semirigid pole in
both hands and began to lick up and down its length.
     Ty let out a long, low sigh. As his dick stiffened, it
assumed truly awesome proportions.
     Jed and Mark made an entrance, sniffling loudly. Jed's jaw
dropped at the sight of Ty's cock.
     "What a monster."
     With a hand on her head, I moved her from his dick to mine.
"Good, baby." She kept stroking him with one hand I noticed, and
his cock just kept getting bigger.
     "Now." I paused as a little shiver of pleasure from her
insistent sucking rode up my spine. "Ahhhh, Yes." Jed and Mark
were taking off their cloths. Jed quickly, Mark with a quizzical
expression on his face, like he couldn't quite believe he was
doing this.  "Here are the rules. Nobody does anything unless I
tell them to. Nobody comes inside of her."
    Jed snorted. "Where are we supposed to come?"
    I looked down at Mary Anne, working my cock like a good little
girl "You come on her *face,* so the camera can see.  That okay,
sugar?"
    Mary Anne nodded quickly without looking up from her work.
     "Time to get you in bed baby." She stood, glancing about
quickly, smiling tremulously, and crawled onto the bed. Her ass
was perfect, round and white above the black fishnets, her pussy
freshly shaved, as innocent as a babes.
     Jed was hard now, but Marks cock, also considerable in size,
especially when compared with his skinny body, was flagging at
half mast.
     "Now, why don't you suck Mark first." Mark moved into
position before her, little beads of sweat starting from his brow.
He sniffed as she took the head in her mouth and began to suck.
     I got on my knees behind her, and began to rub my cock up and
down the slit of her pussy, moving the slickness there up onto her
asshole. She was going to need it.
     "What about us?" Jed asked.
     "She's got hands. Use them."
     Jed frowned. "How's she going to support herself."
     I thought a second. "You do it. Hold her up."
     That settled, Jed and Ty moved into position, holding Mary
Anne's body as she began to jack the two of them off, sucking Mark
only with her mouth. Quite a pretty picture. I checked to make
sure the camera was getting a good angle, decided it wasn't, and
pulled my slick cockhead from her pussy. I released the camcorder
from its tripod, and moved in for a close-up.
     Mary Anne still had her eyes closed on as she slurped on
Mark's cock. The sounds were good.
     "Bob your head more, honey."
     Dutifully, Mary Anne began to move her head back and forth
more dramatically. "Good."
     Six hands roamed over her body, caressing her back, her ass,
her small, beautiful breasts, touching her nipples. Ty pinched
one, hard, sending a delicious shiver through Mary Anne's body. He
raised his eyebrows at me, and I nodded.
     "She likes that."
     Mary Anne nodded quickly as she sucked, and began to jerk
Mark and Jed faster, coating their dicks with the oozing precum,
working their poles like a farmer milking a cow.
     I got on my knees behind her, and sank balls-deep into her
hot, wet, slit with a single stroke, the camera recording the ease
of the penetration, then began panning around at the trio of men
being serviced, face, down to stiff dick, face, down to dick.
      Nobody talks about the incredible awkwardness of orgies, the
bumping into people, the pulled hair, the homophobic shying away
of males who wouldn't dream of touching each other, but who don't
mind rubbing cocks through the thin membrane separating a woman's
ass from her cunt.
     So I won't either.
     They edit all this stuff out of the movies. But it ads, what?
An element of humor? There was laughter, strained to be sure.
Little grunts, facial tiks.
     Jed stopped at one point to snort some more blow. Even Mary
Anne did a little, sniffing it from a mirror on the bed as Jed
took a turn in her cunt from behind. He stopped, fully buried, as
she did the actual snorting. "No wasting!"
     It was hard to find positions that pleased all of us, and
after awhile we gave up, and let one man hold the camera, talking
turns with the responsibility. One rule held. Whenever anyone
started to lose their erection, they politely tapped the person
using Mary Annes head, and moved in front of her.
     It was me at the moment. "Check this out, guys."
    Jed was pounding away in her cunt now, Mark was stalking
around with the camera, looking nervous.  Mary Anne's body was
turned so she could suck me and get both her hands around Ty's
monstrous erection, which she was jacking straight up and down,
like a woman churning butter.
      Mary Anne stopped sucking and looked around wildly. She
pushed her long hair back. "My throat?"
     I nodded. She still wasn't very good at it, but she did it if
told her to.
     She opened her mouth wide, tilting her head back, as I
pressed my cock down at an almost painful angle, so I could see,
and pushed it in, and in, my hands roaming in her hair, and with a
little jab felt it slide ...home. Mary Anne made a little noise
that sent a shiver down my spine. And I started to carefully fuck
her head.
     Everyone stared. "Shit!"
     I started to fuck faster, tilting her face slightly so I
could look her in briefly in the eye. There was some fear there,
as well as lust, and pain. "Be all right, baby," I murmured,
before forcing myself into her throat again, "Be alright." Thin
tendrils of saliva mixed with mucus had begun to dangle from her
chin.
      She adjusted the angle of her head and neck, and I began to
fuck in earnest, producing noisy wet sucking sounds as I plunged
it deep into her throat with every jab. I stopped right before
cumming, holding it deep, feeling the muscles of her throat
rippling gently along the shaft.
     I pulled free and gave Ed, who'd been pounding her pussy from
behind, a turn at her throat.
    All of Jed's compunctions about using this little girl seemed
to have fled.  He smiled broadly, cradling her head in his hands,
his dick dripping pussy juice and precum onto Mary Anne's bright
red lips.
     "Please," Mary Anne whispered gently, "Be careful..."
     Jed just smiled, held her head in both hands, and pushed
himself all the way in.
     I moved away from her ass, caressing it, running my finger up
it's crease, testing her pucker.
     Mark had yet to fuck her.
     "Go ahead, man. Try her. "I kneaded a fleshy cheek, slapping
it gently to send a wave through the pale, soft flesh. "She's
sweet."
    Mark shrugged but got on his knees behind her, his dick
stiffening noticeably as I continued to gently slap her smooth,
white buttocks.
   "Pretend she's Sabrina, Mark."
     He nodded, and slowly, began to push his dick in.
     Mary Anne glanced quickly back over her shoulder to see who
was mounting her now. She smiled quickly, and went back to sucking
Jed's cock. He was out of her throat now. She was much better at
regular sucking than deep throat anyway.
     "You can do it harder if you want." I told him.
     Mark rode her from cunt from behind, gradually picking up
speed. "She's softer." He grunted. "Wetter."
     "Nice plump ass, eh?"
     Mark nodded, sending ripples of movement through her milky
butt as he pounded away. "Uh huh."
    I grinned at him. "Give it to her in the ass, Mark."
    He looked at me, eye's widening. "Really?"
     "Honey, " Her left eye met mine, her mouth distorted by Jed's
thick cock. "Show Mark where you want it." Mary Anne reached back
to spread her cheeks, wrapping her lips around her teeth as she
sucked Jed even more vigorously.  The little girl wanted it there!
I nodded, grinning. "Sabrina ever let youQ"
    Mark shook his head quickly, frowning.
     "Do it. You'll like it."
    Mark grabbed her hips, guiding the tip of his now fully hard
cock into her little pink asshole. As Mark sunk slowly into it, a
strange expression crossed his face, and he let out a long, low
sigh. "Ohhhh. Take it Sabrina..." he was looking down at her, but
doubtless seeing her older sister, who'd dumped him for a law
student with a little more earning potential. "Slut." Tear's
glistened in the corners of his eyes, and he wiped them away
quickly. "You little bitch." He began to stab himself in and out
violently, his teeth digging into his lower lip, his face screwed
up, sending little spasms of pain flitting across Mary Anne's
elfin features. "Take it..." The flesh of her ass shivered as he
bounced off her, embedding himself as deeply as he could. I let
him ride her ass until his movements became spastic, and I was
afraid he might come.
     "Stop." I said. Mark shuddered and looked up.
      "Sandwich time." I looked down at her, Mark's dick still
tightly buried to the hilt in her but. She stopped sucking Ty long
enough to give me a questioning glance.
      "And you, honey bunch, are the meat." 
 
END PART A OF TEACHING
MARY ANNE PART 6
 
