Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





"Mary's Bath"

Written by: (Double Secret Author)


	Ten year old Mary stood in front of the man who had just moved
in with her mother. "Now that Mummy's gone out to her card club
and you're looking after me, can we do some stuff?" she asked
him, twisting her hands on the front of her short skirt. Henry
Gilroy looked up from his newspaper. He really didn't know the
child very well, although he had seen her from time to time when
she had arrived to pick up her mother, being looked after by a
babysitter. He wasn't sure what she meant but thought he should
go along with her. She was a cute kid - slender and graceful,
with straight dark hair in a pageboy cut framing a pixieish
face. 

"Sure, Mary, what would you like to do?" he asked, putting the
paper down as the girl stepped closer. "Can we take a bath?" she
asked, gazing right into his eyes. Henry was puzzled. "What do
you mean, take a bath? If you want to have a bath, go ahead -
but isn't it a little early for you to go to bed?" Mary shook
her head. "No, I don't mean that, I mean can we both take a bath
- I mean, together. At the same time." Henry looked the young
girl up and down quickly. She was a pretty girl, he thought, but
take a bath with her? What would her mother think? He noted the
two little bumps in the top of her dress. She's starting to grow
tits, he thought, and his cock lurched as he thought of seeing
the girl naked if they were both in the bath. I wonder if she's
got any hair on her cunny? he wondered, and he felt his cock
began to thicken and grow. Henry had never thought much about
young girls, but Mary was sure cute! 

She interrupted his thoughts. "Well? Can we?" "Um, I...er,
I..dunno!" He said, confused. "Why do you want to take a bath
with me? It'd be pretty crowded!" "That's okay," said Mary,  "I
always take baths with my daddies, and you're my Daddy now,
aren't you?" Now Henry was really confused. "What do you mean?"
he asked. It's easy," replied the girl. "Mummy likes me to get
to know my daddy that's living with us, and she says having a
bath together is a good way to get Tquainted she calls it. I
always do it, ever since I was little, when I was about four I
think was my first daddy bath. So can we?" 

Henry wanted to find out a little of what she expected to happen
during the "daddy bath". Now he was excited at the idea of being
in the same tub with the young naked girl, and his cock was
rigid and throbbing. "Well, I guess we can," he replied, "But
we'll play a game. We'll call it Copycat. You have to do
everything first and I'll copy you. That way you can be the
leader, how about that?" Mary giggled. "Okay," she replied,
"I'll take my clothes off." She took off shoes and socks, then
pulled her dress over her head and stood in front of Henry
wearing only a pair of thin white cotton underpants. Her cunny
mound bulged out towards the man, and the tight underpants had
slipped partway into the child's vertical slit. 

"Would you like to pull my underpants down?" she said, stepping
up closer to him. "Some of my daddies like to. And sometimes
they like to put their hands inside my underpants before they
take them off." "Um, where do they put them?" asked Henry,
staring at the child's barely covered cunny mound.  "On my bum,
and my cunny, of course!" replied the girl, as if it was a
really stupid question. "They do me with their fingers. They put
them inside my crack, and rub my button. It feels nice. I always
like it when my daddies do me." Henry reached up and slipped his
hand under the waistband of the child's underpants and felt her
flat belly, sliding his hand down onto the rise of her cunny
mound till his middle finger encountered the top of her hairless
slit. "Mmm," murmured the fourth grader, pushing her hips
forward at his hand and stepping her legs apart to make it
easier for the man. His fingers barely touched her cunny as he
slid them to the bottom of her crack and cupped the young
hairless cunny mound, feeling the heat and her pulse. She pushed
against him, pushing her smooth bulge against his hand and
wiggling it around in his fingers. "Mmmm, your hand feels
niiiiice!" she purred, wriggling her hips a little. "Take my
underpants off now, you can do me better with them off." 

Henry withdrew his hand and slipped the child's underpants down
and off, admiring her bulging mound and the keyhole-shaped slit
between her fat lips. She stepped her legs apart again and
looked down at herself. "I made my crack go open, so you can see
inside it better," she said matter-of-factly, "My daddies mostly
like it when I do that. Do you?" Henry nodded. He could see the
deeper pink of the girl's inner sex parts, glistening with her
juices. He fondled the child's vulva again, sliding his fingers
up and down her slit, then sinking a finger into it and finding
her small clitoris with a fingertip and gently tickling it while
she watched him. "Mmm, you found my button right off, you do me
nice, you're going to be a nice daddy!" she sighed, then opened
her eys. "Come on, it's your turn to take your clothes off. I
bet you got a big one, Tcause I saw it was getting big when I
asked you to have a bath with me." Henry stood up and slipped
off shirt and socks and pants, leaving him in just his
underwear. "Do you want to take my underpants off?" he  asked,
looking down at her past the tent in his underpants.  

"Sure," chirped Mary, kneeling in front of him and reaching up
with both hands. She pulled them out over his stiff erection and
then down and off. His cock swayed out towards her and bobbed
and jerked out and up from his body. "Yup, it's a nice big one,"
said Mary as she eyed Henry's stiff cock and the drop of pre-cum
that appeared at the end of it. "I like it when my daddies have
big ones, specially when they're all nice and hard. It means
they like doin' stuff with me. It's boring just doin' stuff with
Mummy because she hasn't got a thing to play with. I mean, it's
kinda nice too and I like it when Mummy does me but I like it
with my daddies better. Now let's go and have our bath." 

She got up and led the way into the bathroom and started the tub
running. Henry had wondered about the size of the bathtub
before, and the fact that the taps were at the side rather than
at one end. Now he realized that this way they could both relax
and face one another without one person having the taps in their
back. Mary adjusted the temperature and they got in at either
end of the tub. "Let's just relax for awhile before we start
doin' stuff," she suggested and slid her foot along Henry's leg
till it rested at the base of his cock. She gently touched the
man's bag with her toes and moved his balls around in the water.
Henry moved his foot up the child's inner thigh in response, and
she lifted one leg and moved it off to the side to allow him
access to her sex organs. "Mmm, feels nice!" she murmured while
he stroked his toes across her cunny slit. "Just do that for
awhile and I'll tell you about some of my other daddy baths if
you like." She leaned back and slipped one hand into her cunny
crack next to Henry's gently-moving big toe, and closed her eyes
as she began her story. Henry noticed that she slipped back into
the simpler speech of a younger child as she remembered her
early experiences.

Mary's story:

	Even when I was really little I remember liking taking baths.
First it was my Mummy that would give me my bath. Mummy told me
some of this because I was too little to remember but when she
told me I sort of remembered a bit about what she was saying. 
She said that when she would change me, and when she would wash
me, I used to like it when she washed me in my crack, and I
would lie nice and still and open my legs really wide and let
her wash me really well there. Mummy likes to touch herself in
between her legs and she likes for other people to do it too so
she knew that I liked it when I would lie like that. She says
when I was really little and just learning to talk I used to
say, "More" if she didn't do it enough! She says she used to
like touching me there and playing with my crack, and she liked
it that I wanted her to do it. She told me that even when she
was really little herself she always liked doing it to herself,
so she knew why I liked it.

I remember she mostly used to be all naked herself and she would
play with my crack with one hand and touch herself on her
titties and in between her own legs with the other. She would
lean over me and let her titties hang down over me and I would
reach up and play with them, and she would let me suck on her
titties too - I remember doing that even when I was really
little but she didn't have any milk in them, she said she just
liked the feeling when I sucked them. I liked doing it too - I
still do, just like I like it when someone sucks on my little
titty bumps - now they've started to grow they feel even nicer
when I play with them or when someone sucks on them.

And she used to lick my crack too, my cunny I call it now, but I
used to call it other names - like my pee pee, or my trickle
place Tcause the names my other daddies used to call it were
sometimes different, and they used to like me to call it the
names they liked. She would lick it all over and it sure felt
good! She would put her finger in my hole while she was licking
me, it felt good when she did it and she said it would get my
hole nice and big so I could put things in it. I didn't know
what she meant then, why I would want to put things in that
funny hole in between my legs. I didn't know what it was for,
back then. I knew about my bum hole of course but nothing ever
came out of my other hole, just Mummy put her finger in it, and
I put my finger in it too, when I found out how nice it felt.
When she started she said my hole was really little, she
couldn't even get her fingertip in it, but she showed me how to
put my finger in it and mine went in better cause it was
littler. And I liked doing it Tcause it felt good and the more I
did it the more I could get my finger in and then Mummy could
too and it just got bigger all the time.  

When my real Daddy went away I was only just two, Mummy says,
and she was sad because she loved him. I don't know why he went.
But after awhile my first other Daddy came to live with us, he
was my Daddy John - I used to call him Daddy John. Mummy told me
he used to help her feed me and I was just starting to go on the
toilet instead of wearing a diaper and  they used to ask me if I
needed to go potty, they called it and if I said Yes whoever was
there, Mummy or Daddy John would take me into the bathroom and
help me take off my pants and I would pee. I remember they both
used to like to watch me peeing, I would put my legs way way
apart and they would kneel down between my legs and watch the
pee come out. Mummy said she wanted to make sure I was doing it
right and when I asked Daddy John if that was why he watched me
he  said he just liked to watch little girls peeing. So I
thought watching people peeing was what everybody did.

I thought I should  watch Mummy peeing too and I told her I
wanted to make sure she was doing it right and she laughed and
said she had had lots of practice but she said it was okay for
me to watch anyway. She would hold the halves of her cunny apart
so the pee would come out right. She showed me she could make it
stop and start and go fast and slow and I thought this was neat
and so I tried it and then I showed Daddy John how I could do it
and he said it was neat too.  I remember the first time I saw my
first cock - my DaddyJohn's cock - I called it a thing then, and
for a long time after that, some of my daddies had other names
for it just like they had for my cunny. I don't think I ever saw
my real Daddy's thing, not that I remember. 

Anyways, this one day I saw Daddy John go into the bathroom and
I thought, hey, I bet he's going to pee. Are you gonna pee? I
asked him as I went into the bathroom too, and he looked over
his shoul;der at me and said, Um, yeah, I am.  I said Hey Daddy
John, I want to watch you pee, can I? He asked me how come and I
said I just  do, so can I and he said Sure I guess so. I watched
while he unzipped his pants and he took this thing out, I didn't
know what it was, it was just something I'd never seen before,
just a - a - thing! It was sort of soft and floppy like it was
made of  rubber and the end part was rounded and pink, but the
part between the end and him had darker pinky skin, all
wrinkled. I could see there was a hole in the end and he pointed
it at the toilet and I got sort of beside the toilet where I
could watch what he was going to do and I thought Gee, he's
going to pee standing up! He held onto it and pointed it at the
toilet and suddenly the pee started coming out of the hole in
the end. Wow I said you can do it standing up! and you don't
have to keep your legs apart like Mummy and me! 

He sort of laughed and looked at me watching him and I said Can
I touch it? I don't know why I wanted to, I just did. Well,
okay, he said, and I touched it with the end of my finger on the
browny wrickly part. The skin was really soft, like silk, and I
thought I could feel the pee going along it. He held it with one
hand and I touched it with two fingers and then I touched the
pinky end part and it moved, sort of jerked, a little bit. And
then - it started to get bigger! It sort of got longer and
thicker at the same time, and first it still pointed down
towards the toilet and there was still pee coming out of the
hole in the end, and then I could feel that underneath the soft
browny skin it seemed to be something hard. I was scared! I
thought there was something wrong with his thing that it was
growing, because I never heard of part of anybody's body growing
like that. 

Oh! I said, Daddy John, it's getting bigger! Why is it getting
bigger? He laughed and said that it was because it liked me
touching it, and he liked me doing it too. Then he took his hand
off it and it started to lift up in the air all by itself and go
even longer and thicker and straighter till it was pointing sort
of out in front of him and up a little, not down any more.  When
it started to lift up the pee stopped coming out and I just
looked at it sort of poking out like that and he said You can
touch it some more if you want. So I did and when I touched it
it sort of jumped a little and I giggled and he said that it
felt nice when I did it. Then he asked me if I would like to
take a bath with him, both of us together, and that was my first
Daddy bath. We took our clothes off and I kept looking at his
funny thing sticking out, all hard, and there was a funny baggy
thing underneath it with round things inside it and he let me
lift it up and feel it, how heavy it was, and I had to use both
hands because they were so big, his balls I mean. 

We got into the bathtub and he sat at one end and I sat at the
other and we played Tickle Toes where we took turns tickling
each other with our toes. He tickled me in between my legs and
it felt all funny when he did it, and I tickled his big
sticking-up thing with my toes and made his bag move around in
the warm water. Then he said we should get washed and that we
would wash each other and he did me first and it felt nice when
he washed me in between my legs and I put a leg up on the side
of the bathtub and let him get in between my cunny parts with
his nice big fingers. 

Then it was my turn and I washed him all over and when I came to
wash his thing he said to do a really good job and take lots of
time. So I got lots of soap on my hands and he sort of knelt up
in front of me so his thing was right in front of my face and it
was really slippery! I used both hands and I couldn't get my
hands around it because it was so big and he told me that a
really good way of washing it was to slip-slide my hands both
together up and down along the long part, back and forth, back
and forth. I tried it and he said I was doing it right and he
sort of pushed himself forward and back a little, to help me I
guess. I thought it was neat the way the big purply-red end part
kept poking out from in between my hands, right towards my face
and the hole in the end would sort of wink at me. I can remember
really well because it was the first time I ever did it with
anybody. 

He told me to make my hands go a little faster and he said I was
doing a good job and his voice got kinda funny like he was
getting out of breath or something. I was watching the hole in
the end of his thing and suddenly a big bunch of white stuff
shot right out of it and hit me right in the face, right beside
my nose! I was so surprised i jerked back a little and let go
his thing! But he grabbed it and started washing it himself like
I had, making his hand go back and forth really fast, and just
when I was opening my mouth to ask him what that white stuff
was, another big bunch squirted out at me and this time it went
right into my mouth! It was all warm and thick and gloopy, like
custard, and I sort of swallowed it automatically, without even
thinking about it. It tasted nice! 

He said I was a good girl to swallow it and I opened my mouth
again and  leaned forward and stuck my tongue out to see if I
could get some more and he kept washing his thing and the stuff
kept squirting out of the hole in the end and into my mouth and
this time I let more of it fill up in my mouth so I could taste
it better and it sure tasted good! Then it wasn't coming out as
far and I had to get really close to his thing and I put my
tongue underneath the big bulgy end and let the stuff sort of
drool onto my tongue and slide back along it into my mouth. I
tickled his thing with my tongue! Then when there wasn't any
more stuff coming out I made it go squimp squimp around in my
mouth so I could taste it good, and then I swallowed it. He told
me I did a good job washing his thing and an even better job at
catching the stuff that came out of it. He told me it was a
special cream that his thing made when it was happy and that it
was good for little girls to drink all they could get because it
made them grow up into pretty ladies. He said I could have a
drink of it any time I wanted to and I told him that I really
liked it and I would drink it lots. He slooshed off the soap and
his thing was drooping a little and getting a little smaller now
and I asked him why and he said that after his thing got all
happy and made the happy cream come out, it needed a little rest
so it would lie down. 

There was a little dribble of stuff coming out the end hole and
I asked hm if I could have it and he said Sure, just take it it
your mouth and suck the stuff out of it, so I did. His thing
felt all nice and warmy-hot in my mouth and I thought I should
wash it some more so I used my tongue to wash all over it while
it was in my mouth and while I was doing this it started to get
big again! I took it out of my mouth and said Oh Daddy John,
it's getting big again, is it going to get all happy and make
the happy cream? I don't know he said, it might if you give it a
nice suck like that, just pretend it's a nice big lollipop and
see how much you can get in your mouth. So I put it back i and
pretended it was a lollipop but I never had one that grew when I
was sucking on it before! It got all hard again and so big I
could hardly get even the end part in my mouth and he said to
just use my tongue and lick around the end while I sucked on it.
He helped me by holding onto it and washing the part that wasn't
in my mouth, back and forth like before, and soon he said the
happy cream was going to come out and I could feel his thing
going jerk jerk jerk and then it went squirt squirt squirt,
right into my mouth! I kept sucking and licking and he kept
washing it and when it had stopped squirting I swallowed it all
down again and licked the end off again. He said it needed a
longer rest this time so we got out of the bath and got dry. And
that was my first Daddy bath!

Henry was stroking his rigid erection while the young girl told
her story. "I can do that for you if you like," she offered. "I
think we've had a long enough bath," replied Henry. "How about
if we get all dried off and then we can go and cuddle on my big
bed and you can tell me some more stuff you like to do with your
daddies."  "Oh yeah, I love cuddling with my daddies," exclaimed
Mary. 

	They lay on the big bed and Henry slipped a finger into the
young girl's hairless slit and gently masturbated her, while she
cuddled his big balls, and stroked his lengthening cock from
time to time. "So, what other stuff did you do?" he asked her.
Mary giggled. "Oh, all sorts of stuff," she replied. My Daddy
John used to put his finger in my cunny hole like Mummy did and
made it go in and out, back and forth. It felt so nice when he
did it! He would put one finger up inside me and do me there
while he did me on my button with the other hand. And he used to
lick me on my crack too, just like Mummy did, and he used to
help me put things in my hole to make it feel nice and make my
hole get bigger, like carrots and zucchinis. Now I can put a
cucumber in my hole!

"Mummy used to come home from work and get into bed with me and
my Daddy John and we would all do stuff together, like I would
feel her titties and suck on them while Daddy John put his
finger in my hole. Mummy has such a nice big cunny hole, doesn't
she! She showed me how to put my fingers inside it and then she
said I could put my whole hand inside her and do her with my
hand, so I did! She was all warm around my hand and I would put
my arm up inside Mummy and see how far I could put it in and
feel around inside her with my fingers. She said it felt nice
when my arm was up inside her hole as far as it would go and I
was making my fingers wave around at the end of her hole. I can
get it in her right up to my elbow, even now. 

"Daddy John bought me some special underpants that had a hole in
the shape of a heart cut out right over my crack and I used to
like to wear them. He would ask me if I had my "hearts" on and I
would say Guess and he would guess and then he would put his
hand up under my skirt and in between my legs and see if he had
guessed right. When I had my "hearts" on he could feel me really
nice, touch my bare crack and everything, and I would put my
legs apart and let him do me with his fingers, right there. He
would put one finger in my hole and make it wiggle up inside me
and he would rub my button with his thumb at the same time. 

"I would ask him if his thing was happy and he would say Why
don't you see if it is? So I would undo his pants and reach
inside and take out his thing and usually it was all happy and
big and long and hard already but sometimes it wasn't really
happy because it was only partly big and a little droopy
specially if he hadn't touched me much so I would play with it
and tease it and say Come on Mr Thing! Get happy for Mary, don't
be all sad and droopy, stand up nice and straight  and show me
how big you can get! And I would pretend it was a special little
animal and hold my one hand underneath it and cuddle it. I would
use my other hand to stroke its head like it was a hamster or a
little kitten, just pet it and stroke its head with my hand,
just touching my fingers lightly on the top, stroking it towards
his pants. That used to make it get nice and hard, and sometimes
it got so happy that the happy cream would come out right then!
I could usually tell when the happy cream was going to come out
because his thing would start jumping a little and jerking up
and down. "

	"What did you do when the happy cream came out?" asked the
little girl's new daddy as he gently rubbed her smooth cunny
slit and tickeld her clitty. Mary giggled. "Oh, lots of things!"
she replied. "When it would come out all of a sudden like I was
just saying, I would try and catch it so it wouldn't make a big
mess Tcause Daddy John used to make a lot of it. I would get
down in front of him and hold my mouth right in front of his
thing and open my mouth really wide and stick my tongue out.
Daddy John used to say I was putting out the red carpet for the
happy cream. I would keep one hand underneath his thing and keep
stroking the head like I had been with the other, and keep
watching the hole in the end part and it felt all nice going
jerk jerk and then it would go JERK JERK a real bunch and a big
splootch of stuff would come squooshing out of the hole and
squirt right in my mouth! Then it would go JERK again and
another one and JERK and another one would come out and I would
keept rubbing it and he would say Oh yeah, that's my good little
girl, drink all your daddy's happy cream! And sometimes he would
help me make more come out by holding onto his thing himself and
making his hand go back and forth on it.

	And sometimes I would lie down with my legs all apart and he
would play Hit the Target and squirt his stuff right on my cunny
hole and then he could put his finger up inside and his stuff
made it all slippy in my hole and he could get his finger in
better and make it go in nice and far and wiglge it around up
inside me. I liked it when he did that. Sometimes he would hold
his thing right up against my hole so he couldn't miss the
target and then most of his stuff would go into my hole. Mummy
used to help him make the happy cream come out, she would hold
it so the end part was right against my hole and I would hold my
hole open nice and wide so the end part would go in a little bit
and she would move her hand back and forth on his thing and make
it squirt inside my hole. I would play with her titties while
she did it and sometimes she would get over top of me with her
cunny right over my mouth so I could lick her cunny for her
while she was helping my daddy John's thing make the happy cream
go in my hole.

Daddy John used to take pictures of us doing stuff together. He
said it was for a special family album. And he used to show them
to his friends, too, I know because when they would come over
sometimes they would say I was even prettier than in the
pictures. and then Daddy John would say for me to show the nice
man how pretty my underpants were, so I would lift up my dress
and let him see them. They always liked it when I had my
"hearts" on because they said I had a nice cunny. They would ask
me to show them how wide open I could make my hole go, and I
would get my legs all wide apart - like this - and hold myself
in between my legs and hold my hole open and they would look
real close to see how big my hole was. Then they would ask me to
show them what things I could put into my hole and I would show
them how I put a carrot or a zucchini up inside me and I would
make it go in and out and they would help me do it.  "Did you
ever do things with other big men?" asked Harry. Mary nodded.
"Oh yes," she said confidently. "When I was just little Mummy
used to take me to see the doctor, well not the doctor I had
when I was little, this was a new one and I think I was about
two, because I remember my Daddy John had just moved in with us
and I had seen his thing get big and the stuff come out of it. I
remember the first time I went to the new doctor. Mummy was with
me and she said she wanted him to give me a good checkup and
that she would stay and help. He listened to my chest and stuff
and then Mummy said she wanted him to have a good look at my
vagina -  I didn't know what it was till he started looking at
it because I always called it a pee place, anyway he said to lie
with my legs apart and I said oh goody! and he asked her what I
meant and she said that I liked to be touched there. 

He didn't say anything for a minute and Mummy touched me on my
button and rubbed it a little and said See, right here and he
said I see and started doing it himself and it felt nice when he
did it, his fingers were gentle and I started to have the good
feeling and he asked me if I did it to myself and I said sure!
and he asked me to show him how I liked to do it, so he could
make sure that I was doing it right. So I showed him how I liked
to do myself and he watched real close and after I got the good
feeling he said my hole was all slippy and he  put his finger in
it andI told him it felt good when he did that. Mummy said she
had heard from one of her friends that he had a special
measuring instrument for measuring how big little girls holes
were and he asked her Where did you hear that? and she said
Carol Hunter told me you measured her daughter Katie and he said
Oh, yes, well, if you want to do the same as I did with Katie I
guess that would be all right. 

So he took off his pants and his underpants and his thing was
all sticking out just like my Daddy John's had been! He moved me
down to the edge of the table and got in between my legs and
down in between my legs was right at the same level as his
thing. And guess what! The special measuring instrument was his
thing! Now Mummy said the nice doctor is going to measure how
big your hole is and I am going to help him do it, and I asked
How is he going to do that? and she said You are going to hold
your legs way open and hold your hole open as wide as you can
and he is going to put his thing against your hole and see how
big it is. If it is big enough to get his thing inside it then
he can do that but I don't think it will be. 

First he rubbed it all around on me in between my legs and he
said I could hold onto it and make it touch me whereever I
wanted it to so I rubbed it all inside my crack and  over my
button and it felt good when I did that so I made it rub against
my button till I felt all good again and then, well, we tried
measureing my hole but it was too big to go in, even a little
but Mummy said maybe it needs something to make it slippery,
doctor, and he said well maybe you're right and he held his
thing against the opening of my hole and Mummy made her hand go
back and forth on it and she made the white creamy stuff come
out and it went right up inside my hole, then we tried it again
to see if it would go in me when my hole was all slippy with his
stuff but it still wouldn't even when his thing got soft and
littler. 

But after that we would go to the doctor a lot and he would
always measure my hole with his special measuring thing and try
and see if the special cream would help.I told him I liked it
when Daddy John and Mummy and me would do things and he liked me
telling him all about the things we did. After he made his stuff
go in my hole Mummy would lick it off me and lick my hole too
and put her tongue up inside it and the doctor would watch her.
He said he had to make sure she did it right but I knew she
would because she always licked me nicely there. I told the
doctor that I knew  that the cream was very good for little
girls and showed him that I knew how to make it come out in my
mouth by sucking on his thing. He said that the cream was full
of special vitamins and after that first time he always gave me
a special drink of it so I would grow up big and pretty."

"And that's why I like doing stuff - because it's so much fun.
Would you like me to tell you more?

--














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....