MARY ANN


	It was a hot summer night and Mary Ann was having trouble
sleeping.  She read for a while and finally got up.  Wearing just her thin
nylon pajamas, she took her cigarettes and slipped out of the bed room and
made her way to the back porch.  It was cooler out there, quiet and dark,
and she leaned against the banister smoking and listening to the crickets
when she noticed a light come on at the back of the house next door.
	The house had been empty for almost two months.  Just three days
before a young couple had moved in.  Dan had talked to them for a while,
but Mary Ann had barely seen them, but now she heard the man's voice
coming through the open window of the back bed room, and at first what she
heard didn't make sense.
	"I've a good mind to give you a good spanking," the man's voice
said.
	It didn't make sense because the couple was young, in their late
twenties if that old, and Mary Ann knew from watching them move in that
they had no children.  She shifted toward the steps, listening intently. 
"You know I don't like to have to do it, but I don't know how else to get
through to you."
	Then she heard the girl's voice, quavering.  "I'm sorry, Adam,"
she said.  "I didn't mean it."
	"Sorry?" the man responded sharply.  "I should hope so.  You've
been acting like a spoiled little brat for a week.  I think you'd better
go get your paddle."
	Mary Ann couldn't believe what she was hearing.  "No, please,
Adam," the girl begged.  "Please don't spank me."
	"Nancy!" the man said firmly.  "What you need is a good licking. 
Now don't make me more unhappy than I already am.  Go and get your paddle
like you were told."
	"My God," Mary Ann thought.  "He's going to spank her."
	Silently, she slipped down the stairs to the yard, the wet grass
cold on her bare feet and soaking the bottom of her pajama pants as she
made her way through the dark to the edge of their yard no more than ten
yards from Adam and Nancy's window.  They had not hung curtains yet and
the light in the room was bright enough for Mary Ann to see Adam standing
at the end of the bed in just his underwear.  He was a handsome young man,
in good shape, and he stood with his back to the window.
	In a moment Nancy returned holding a wooden paddle.  She stopped
just inside the door and stood there, a girlish pout on her pretty face. 
But her pout didn't seem to influence her husband at all.  "Bring it
here," he ordered and grabbed it from her when she obeyed.  "And get those
panties down.  You're going to get this one on your bare fanny."
	Mary Ann's breathing quickened as she watched the girl reach for
the waistband of her skimpy little panties and pushed them down over her
hips, letting them drop until the hung at her knees while her husband sat
on the end of the bed watching her.  When the panties were hanging around
her knees, he reached out and took her by the arm.  Mary Ann could see
tears rolling down her cheeks as the her young husband pulled her toward
him, standing her squarely in front of him and then turning her so that
her back was toward the window and Mary Ann, her big hind end completely
bare, big, round and white.  And then with a tug on her arm, the girl
stumbled forward and fell face down across his lap just like a little
girl.
	She was anything but a little girl.  Although she was short --
Mary Ann guessed no more than 5' 4" -- she had large breasts and a big
rear end, but she still looked like a little girl as her husband upended
her across his knee.
	"No, Adam," she heard the girl sob as the man rested the paddle
against her upturned hinnie.  "Please don't spank me."
	"I wish I didn't have to," the man said.  "But I told you when we
got married that I would not tolerate your bratish behavior.  I'm fed up
with it."
	And then he smacked her with a hard, stinging spank that spanned
both chubby cheeks of her behind with a loud, crisp slap, and Nancy wailed
in pain as she jumped across his lap.  "Owwwww!"
	As the sound of the spank filled the quiet night, Mary Ann's body
jumped as if she had been the one receiving the spank instead of her
neighbor, her own big rear end clenching as the paddle bounced off Nancy's
quivering bottom.
	WHAP!  Adam smacked her again, and again Nancy kicked her legs and
twisted across his knees, wailing aloud with the crisp sound of the paddle
meeting her jiggling bottom.  "Owwwww!  Ow!  Ow!"
	At the same time, Dan stepped onto the porch and squinted into the
dark night.  He had awakened and found Mary Ann gone and had gotten up to
look for her.  He saw her standing in the yard and stepped out onto the
porch in time to hear the second spank landing on Nancy's poor bottom and
Nancy's squeal of pain.
	"I don't like this any more than you do, Nancy," he heard his
neighbor's voice saying across the yard.  "You're twenty-five years old
and shouldn't have to be spanked like a little girl.  But if it takes a
good spanking to make you understand, then that's what I'll give you.
	WHAP!  The sound of the paddle slapping Nancy's bare bottom sliced
through the night, followed again by Nancy's loud squeal.  "Oh! Owwwww!"
	Dan edged toward the steps.  In the yard he saw Mary Ann jump and
saw her lower her hands, one to the seat of her nylon pajamas, the other
to the front.  He started down the steps.
	From the middle step, he could see into Adam and Nancy's window. 
Nancy's bottom was already turning red from the hard, stinging spanks of
the paddle.  Adam was holding her hands at the small of her back and she
was wiggling and squirming and kicking across her husband's lap, her hips
swerving from side to side as Adam raised the paddle and spanked her
again.  SMACK!  "Ohhhhhh!  Owwwwwwww!  Ow!  Ow!"
	Dan felt his penis rising beneath his pajama pants as he watched
the girl's big bottom jiggling across her husband's knee.  It was almost
unreal.  There, in plain sight, was his new, pretty 25-year-old neighbor
squirming and struggling across her husband's lap while he spanked her
bare rear end.  WHAP!  "Owww!  Ouch!  Ow!  No!  I'll be good!" the girl
cried.
	And there was his own wife standing in the yard in nothing but a
thin, skimpy pair of nylon pajamas, peeking in their window watching, her
hand unconsciously rubbing herself through her pajamas.
	There was another loud, crisp spank and Nancy started to bawl like
a baby, her struggling coming to a halt as she laid across Adam's lap. 
"Owwww-w-w-ww-w-w-w- ww!" she cried.  And then Adam was spanking her
harder and faster.  Whap!  Whap!  Whap!  Whap!  Swap! 
"Waaaaa-aha-aha-aha-aha-aaaaaaa!" Nancy bawled, her bottom glowing. 
"Waaaa-aha-aha-aha-aha-aaaaaa!"
	Whap!  Smack!  Whap!  Whap!  Whap!  "Waaaa-aha-aha-aha-aha-aaaaa! 
Waaaa-aha-aha-aha-aha-aha-aaaa."
	And then, as quickly as that, it was over and Adam dragged his
bawling wife to her feet, still with her backside to the window, where she
rubbed the stinging bottom while she cried like a well-spanked little
girl.
	Dan slipped the rest of the way down the stairs and into the wet
grass toward Mary Ann who remained transfixed in position.  As he did he
could hear Adam's voice still sounding stern and parental.  "Now go and
put the paddle away and get yourself to bed.  It's way past your bed
time."
	Mary Ann did not hear Dan coming up behind her, and when he
reached out and grabbed her wrist, she jumped and let out a startled cry. 
"Hush!" Dan snapped sharply, jerking her behind him toward the house. 
"Get into the house and be quiet," he hissed.
	Mary Ann stumbled along behind him as he pulled her toward the
house and up the steps, his grip on her wrist firm.  "What are you doing?"
she asked as he led her through the kitchen toward their bed room.
	"Shame on you, Mary Ann," he scolded.  "Sneaking out into the yard
to peek into the neighbor's window to watch that poor girl getting her
bottom spanked.  Shame on you."
	He pulled her behind him into the bed room and, on the way toward
the bed, grabbed the big wooden hairbrush from her dresser.  "Shame on
you!"
	When Mary Ann saw him pick up the hairbrush, she realized what he
had in mind, but it was too late.  She made one wild effort to pull free,
but Dan was already sitting down on the end of the bed and pulled her
toward him.
	It all happened so fast, Mary Ann didn't have a chance.  Suddenly
she found herself being dragged bottom up across her husband's lap and
felt him jerking down the thin green pajama pants, baring her big bottom. 
Frantically, she tried to get her hands back to grab the pajamas, but Dan
caught her wrists and wrenched them up to the small of her back, kicking
his legs across the back of hers to keep her from kicking.  "Oh no you
don't," he said as he pinned her into position.  "You have this coming."
	"Don't you dare!" Mary Ann squealed, but it was too late.  The
big, wooden-backed hairbrush landed solidly against the plumpest curve of
her big rear end with a loud, stinging spank.  it stung like a hundred
hornets stinging her hinnie and made her wail in surprise and pain. 
"Yeow!  Owwww!"
	Dan was relentless, slapping her naked, bouncing backside with
hard, searing slaps as she twisted and squirmed across his lap, feeling
his penis hard beneath her.
	Swap!  Crack!  Swap!  Crack!  Swap!  Swap!  Crack!  Swap!  Swap! 
Crack!  Ten times the brush rose and fell in less than twenty seconds, a
hard, stinging spanking.  And then, before either of them realized what
was happening, Mary Ann came wildly over Dan's knee, thrusting and rubbing
herself against his rigid penis.
	Whap!  The back of the brush encouraged her.  Whap!  Whap!  Whap!
	When it was over, Mary Ann hung helplessly across his lap rubbing
her crimson fanny with both hands.  And when finally got up, she had a
petulant pout on her lips, her short cropped blond hair rumpled and
disheveled.
	"You were out there, too," she said.  Maybe you ought to have a
spanking, too," she said, looking at his penis which was still erect
inside his pajamas.
	"You try that, Mary Ann, and you'll find out what a real spanking
is like.  I'll give you a spanking you'll never forget."
	"I'm pretty sure I won't forget this one," she said, rubbing her
stinging bottom with one hand while the other reached for him.
