Archive-name: Bondage/maryanne.txt
Archive-author: Heironymus
Archive-title: Teaching Mary Anne


Written in 1992 by Heironymus
For Free Distribution to all Humankind
Please do not edit or sell for profit.

The Mary Anne series mixes elements of real life with baroque
fantasy. It starts out mild, gentle even, and gets progressively
harder, delving into dominance, submission, and humiliation.
Safewords are not mentioned, consent lines are blurred, and the
action takes place before the discovery of AIDS.

Those lovely, lovely years of my adolescence, lost forever, now
almost mythic.

Oh, one more thing, Mary Anne is, and always will be, seventeen.

Teaching Mary Anne 1: Mary Anne's Gift


     
    "What ever you want to do." Mary Anne said.
     She brushed her long straight blond hair back with one hand
and smiled. I let one of my hands roam over the broad curve of her
ass, caressing it. She didn't seem to mind.
     She traced the outline of my rigid cock with her forefinger
through the tight fabric of my jeans as we walked along the
darkening trail. She was giving me a gift, before leaving for
college. I'd always wanted her to give me head outdoors. As her
departure grew near, she seemed eager to try new things, to cement
our relationship by indulging my sexual fantasies.
     A cool breeze blew over the deserted football field. In the
distance. several hundred yards off, the high schools parking lot
was a puddle of light in the darkness. "Where should we do it."
She whispered, her breath warm in my ear. "How about out there, in
the open?"
     "No." I said, surprised by her boldness, but enjoying the
image nonetheless. She had made the suggestion that we do this
tonight. I'd talked about it, but hadn't ever thought it would
happen. "We can be seen from pretty far off here. It should be
near the woods."
     "Not in the woods." Mary Anne said, casting a glance over at
the murky line of trees lining the field. "They scare me."
     My cock was hard and hot in my jeans. After roaming around
the football field for awhile longer, I stopped caring where we
did it. "here's fine." We were just off the path that ran along
the field to the up to the high school. Middle aged couples
routinely walked its length, but not this late. Usually.
     Mary Anne dropped down, squatting before me, her knees
pulling her red print dress out, her white blouse reflecting the
moonlight. I unbuttoned my jeans and she pulled down the zipper. I
nudged down my underwear, freeing my erect penis, which bobbed up
and down inches from her face.
     She smiled up at me "Yes, you're ready, aren't you." She
opened her mouth, her tongue darting out and flicking the head of
my cock. An electric tingle shivered up my spine. She licked her
hand, and began working the head with her lips, massaging the
shaft, jerking me off with a steady concentrated motion. With each
stoke she bobbed her head forward and took the tip fully into her
mouth.
     She paused, and looked up at me. "Do you like this?"
     "Yeah," I breathed, grabbing her head, and forcing it
forward. I stopped just before she gagged, and pulled back,
leaving a glistening trail of saliva down her chin. She looked up
at me her lips slightly parted.
     "Do it." I said. "I want you to swallow it."
     She nodded quickly, as she tightened one slick hand around
the shaft jerking me off slowly and firmly. Finally she took it
back into her mouth. She looked up at me again, her mouth
distorted by my cock, wide open, her eyes imploring.
     She worked it in and out, her eyebrows furrowed in
concentration. I was halfway afraid someone might catch us. And
halfway hopeful. I looked down at her, this beautiful blonde
seventeen year old girl, working my cock with her mouth and hand.
She was doing it because I told her to.
     She was mine.
     "Come all over me." She whispered, as she sped up the pace
with both hands. She plunged it back into her mouth, sucking
hungrily.
     My balls quivered.
     "Unnn huhhh" She grunted around my cock.
     As I started to squirt, she pulled it out of her mouth,
watching as she milked the jism out, spilling onto the grass. Her
chin glistened with spit and streamers of cum, which elongated and
dripped onto her skirt. She looked up at me, her eyes glittering
with satisfaction.
     Later walking home, she apologized. "I'm sorry I couldn't
swallow it all." she said. I reached over and wiped away a dollop
of come from her cheek. We kissed, our tongues caressing warmly.
     I slipped my hand under the waistband of her skirt, and
squeezed a smooth, fleshy buttock. I laughed. She was genuinely
sorry that she hadn't been able to drink it all!
     "That's all right." I said. "There's always next time."

Teaching Mary Anne 2: Mary Anne Tries it Up the Ass


     Mary Anne lay with her back to me, her broad impossibly
smooth ass split, her legs trailing down either side of my body.
Her long golden hair spilled down her tanned back. She looked over
her shoulder. I fucked her hard for awhile, kneading her ample
white buttocks in both hands. She moaned softly.
     I loved fucking her from behind, loved the moment she rolled
over to allow me to mount her. I'd told her I liked it this way,
that it felt better, and since then she'd always do it for me,
giving me the occasional backward glance over one milky shoulder
as she presented her smooth white buttocks. She was ever so
slightly overweight, but at seventeen years old, the extra flesh
was smooth and firm, resilient.
     She was the best fuck I'd ever had.
     She looked back at me again, whispering, "You can try to put
it in my ass, If you want."
     I exhaled convulsively. *If I want! Or course I fucking
want!* I pulled my cock from her cunt, and licked a finger,
sliding it into her tight little asshole slowly, working it back
and forth. She sighed and snuggled back against me.
     "Are you sure?"
     "Yes. Try it. That feels good."
      I pushed the head of my cock against the opening with a
steady pressure.
     "Move up." I groaned.
     She moved her ass up into the air and I pushed down harder,
and harder. Not too fast, or she won't like it. Finally the head
slipped in.
     "Ow."
     "Just a little longer." I said.
     "Please." she said. "It hurts."
     "Wait." I said, as I pushed myself in and out of her asshole.
It was so tight, like a fist, gripping my cock, but every time I
withdrew and pushed it back in, it got slightly looser.
     "Please." I gripped her ass tighter. It felt so good, so
tight. "Please take it out." She whispered.
     "Not yet." I pumped it in and out, slowly, watching, amazed,
as inch after inch of my rigid cock disappeared into her tight
anus. "You can take it just a little longer, cant you?"
     She whimpered and bit the pillow, her eyebrows furrowed. She
made a little nodding motion.
     "Good." I said. I buried it all the way in her hot, pulsing
rectum, grinding her pelvis into the bed. She gasped. As much as I
wanted to lose myself, let myself go, I couldn't. Her submission
both excited and repulsed me.
     I pulled it out with a grunt, Mary Anne shivering as it slid
from her ass.
     "Suck it then."
     She looked me in the eyes as she repositioned herself on her
knees before me in the bed. She gripped my cock in both hands,
inches from her face, jerking away mechanically. I shoved my hips
forward to bring my cock past her open lips. She sucked on the
head, grimacing slightly at the musky taste.
     "Do it." She said. I could feel myself starting to go. I
reached round and slid my forefinger into her hot sticky asshole.
      Mary Anne worked my cock furiously, and I felt the pressure
building in my balls, a rising tide of warmth. After holding it
back as long as I possibly could, I let it happen. She flinched as
the hot cum sprayed her face. It ran down her forehead in thick,
gobs, spilling out, squirting less and less with each stroke of
her hand. A thick gout struck her eye, causing her to grimace and
jerk her head back, but she kept milking. I looked down at her,
and she smiled back at me, as she wiped a thick clot of goo from
the corner of her eye.
     "You got me."
     "I liked that." I said, sighing. "You do that real nice."
     "I think that after awhile, I'll be able to take it." She
said, wiping at her face with a Kleenex as I lay back in bed.. "In
my ass, I mean. It will just take awhile, like with my pussy."
     I kissed her, long and deep, caressing the curve of her hip,
cuping her ass in both hands.
     She'd learn. 


Teaching Mary Anne 3:  Handcuffed and Humiliated


     "Handcuffs?" Mary Anne arched her eyebrows at me. Such a
pretty girl. Shoulder long, dirty blond hair, elfen features, blue
eyes, small fine nose, high cheekbones. Perfect, really.
Seventeen, too.
     I nodded and smiled. "Sure. It will be fun."
     "What do you want to do with them?" She looked suspicious,
holding them at arms length. The chains chinked and rattled as she
turned them over in her hands.
     "I don't know. Cuff your hands behind you back, maybe." My
heart began to beat faster at the thought of it. Would she go for
it?
     She nodded her head grimly, her expression hard to read.
"Okay. Just don't lose your mind on me. Okay? And tell me when
your going to cum." She looked me sternly in the eye. I'd caught
her unware before, with spectacularly messy results.
     "Okay."
     I walked to the dresser, where I pulled out the black silk
panties and shorts I wanted her to wear. She tugged off her
t-shirt and pale yellow bra, and took the black one from my
outstretched hand. I stopped her to suck one small pink nipple
erect. She giggled and pushed me away. Clipping the bra behind her
back, she tugged her skirt off, and her white cotton underwear,
revealing the smooth, thick, tanned legs that only seventeen-year
olds seem to have.
     "Put these on." I gave her a pair of black silk shorts.
     "These huh? I can't believe you let me wear these. My ass
hangs out of them. People were whistling at me from cars."
     I patted a smooth white cheeck. "They were so cute,  I
couldn't say anything.
     "I don't know why you like my ass," she said as she slipped
into the tight shorts. "Its too big."
     "Its beatiful." I held the cuffs towards her.
     Her eyes met mine, and I nodded, as she turned her back on
me, chin down, her hands held at the small of her back. I
carefully slid the aluminum hasps home, until they were snug on
each wrist. I turned her and tilted her face up with one hand,
kissing her, our toungue tips caressing.
     "Now," I said, "on your knees."
     She nodded, and carefully lowered herself to a kneeling
position. I caressed her shoulders briefly, my dick a hot painful
bulge in my jeans, and then undid the top button.
     "Open it."
     She reached up and grabbed a corner in her teeth, and pulled
it down, the zipper sighing open. My cock was enormous, straining
against the fabric of my underwear. Mary Anne slowly pulled the
pants down to my knees, exposing my underwear completely. She
began to lick the head of my cock through the thin white fabric,
lapping at it until the cotton was soaked.
     I jerked down the waistband of my shorts, and let my dick bob
up and down in front of her face. I looked down at her. The cuffs
held her arms back nicely, causing her small breasts to jut
outward invitingly. I reached down and pinched a nipple erect as
she took the head of my cock in her mouth and began to suck.
     I slowly forced her head down onto my cock, my hands in her
silky blonde hair. She began to struggle, the handcuffs jingling
as she began to snort and gasp of air. I pushed harder, feeling my
cock slip into her throat.
     "Ahhhhh," I murmured, but pulled it out quickly, and let her
lick it for awhile. I reached down and lifted her to her feet, my
hands in her smooth armpits. She turned, her head down.
     "Spread your legs"
     She shifted her weight.
     "Lean forward."
     She bent over carefully at the waist. I pulled the shorts
down with one hand, revealing the pale smoothness of her ass, a
perfect white double sphere. I rubbed my cock down the crease,
circling her clit with the head. I grabbed her ass and sunk myself
deep into her cunt, which was sopping wet. She sighed loudly as it
slid home. Then I pulled it free, and flicked her clit with the
tip again.
     "I want you to fuck yourself up the ass." I spit into my hand
and rubbed it against her anus. I'd done her in the ass before,
but never like this, standing, bent over. Just hearing my voice
issue the command made me feel shivery inside. My cock got harder,
and if possible, slightly longer, the head going a darker shade of
purple.
     "Alright" She said quitely. She leaned back, and my cock
slipped out of her cunt, poking straight up in the crack of her
ass. I held her cuffed hands in mine.
     "Do it."
     She nodded and leaned forward, my cock disspearing between
the twin white globes, the tip coming to rest against her pucker.
The opening was tightly closed, and I had to restrain the urge to
grab her and force it in. She moved back and forth on the
threshold of insertion, never quite allowing penetration. It was
driving me wild. With a little stabbing motion, I surged forward,
just as she shoved backwards. The head slipped past and in
quickly. Mary Anne inhaled suddenly.
     "Good. Good girl"
     She began to rock slowly, back and forth, riding my bone up
and down her asshole. After a few passes, it began to slide more
freely, as she sped up the pace.
     "Good girl." I said. It felt good. I held her handcuffed
hands. "Do it, thats it." My cock slipped in and out like a piston
in engine, glistening. I reached down and pulled her cheeks apart,
watching her ass move back and forth on my dick. I spit carefully
onto the shaft of my cock, watching the saliva coat the rigid
column of flesh, feeling it lubricate her tender opening. I
started pulling back until the head began to slip out, and then
thrusting forward to jam it back in. "Good."
     Gradually, I allowed her to rock herself back and forth
without my guidance. Her asshole was hot and slippery, but still
delightfully tight.
     "Please rub me," She whimpered. "I think I could come if you
did."
     I reached underneath, and began to tease her clit, as she
rocked back and forth on my cock, shoving it into her ass harder
and harder as I worked the slippery nub.
     "Uhhhhh huuuhhhh," She groaned, as we surged together. Each
meaty thwack of my pelvis striking her buttocks produced a
rippling wave in her smooth white flesh. I grabbed her assflesh
tightly in both hands, sinking my fingers into its softness.
     "I'm gonna cum in your but." I whispered in her ear.
     "Uhh huh," she breathed.
     I pulled myself out of her, and slapped her buttocks hard,
bringing up a pink handprint. She whimpered, "Please, don't hit
meI"
     "PleaseI"
     I shoved her, knocking her off balance into bed, her breath
whuffing out as she bounced onto the blue satin sheets. Her ass
was a white round target, with a pink bullseye. She struggled, the
handcuffs jingling, as she tried to roll over. I grabbed her and
inserted myself again in her hot pink asshole. Leaning forward, I
bored into her.
     "Not so deep," She sobbed, "Please."
     I forced myself in as far I could go, ignorning her
struggling attempts to lessen the penetration, my whole body on
fire. I ground my pelvis against her ass, feeling exultant,
poweful, utterly in control. "Please," she cried again, and I
began to cum, reveling at the feel of my jism pumping out into the
constricted channel. I bit her ear hard, as I came, and came, and
came, my ectasy mingling with a wash of shame for having forced
her to do this, bittersweet.
     She was breathing hoarsly as well now, and had begun thrust
herself back against my cock again.
     "Do it," She whispered.
     My dick slid back and forth freely in her ass now, lubricated
by cum. I reached under her and began rubbing her clitoris in
earnest, tongueing her ear as I did so.
     "That was great," Lying on her bound hands, her fingertips
curled against my abdomen as I pushed my still hard cock slowly in
and out. "I came good. Do you want me to take it out?"
     She shook her head quickly, and arched her back, forcing her
buttocks higher. My still hard cock was buried to the hilt in her
ass. I rubbed her clit faster and faster, in little circles as I
fucked her. Her cunt was dripping wet.
     "Ahhhhhhh" She cried, her ass convulsing around my cock as
she began to come. As she shuddered in ectasy, I slowly withdrew.
She tried to pull free faster, but I held her by the waist, and
removed it agonizlingly slowly, centimeter by centimeter. She came
the entire time I pulled out, her breath whistling out in short,
desperate gasps.
     I held her as she came back to herself, cupping her breasts
in my hands as my dick slid out of her, still hard. I got up and
unlocked the cuffs, tossing them on the carpet near the bed, and
then slid between the sheets behind her. I hugged her tightly,
luxuriating in the sweaty contact, skin to skin.. She rolled over
to face me, throwing a hot sweaty thigh over me, tears glistening
in her eyes. I kissed her.
     "Was that I alright?"
     She nodded, eyes down. "I liked it. I think."
     "I liked it too."
     "Just don't tell anyone about it okay?" She looked me in the
eyes imploringly. "It would be terrible if anyone found out."
     "Alright," I lied.

Teaching Mary Anne 5: Down Mary Anne's Throat


     "Would you like me to try to deep throat you, like in the
movies?" Mary Anne asked softly. My cock immediate surged with
blood, as I traced my finger along her lower lip. So beautiful.
     "Yes. That would be nice."
     "Okay. I'm not sure I can do it." She kneeled down between my
legs on the bed, letting her cool, silky blonde hair fall around
my penis. She rubbed it against my balls with both hands, as she
flicked the tip of my cock with her tongue.
     "Don't go nuts on me now, like the first time you fucked my
ass, okay?" She looked up at me pensively. Her small breasts hung
down, as she supported herself on her elbows. The twin globes of
her ass rose up behind her in a delicious double arc. I was seized
with the desire to mount her from behind, to drive her face into
the sheets as I pulled her ass to my pelvis.
     Maybe later.
     "Okay." I said. My cock was fully erect, straining up at her.
A glistening pearl of fluid ran from the tip.
     She began to suck it, taking it deeper and deeper with every
stroke, a look of total concentration contorting her pretty face.
Try as she may, she couldn't do it, couldn't relax her throat
muscles. My eight inches bottomed out about two thirds of the way
down, butting against her slick glottis.
     She pulled it out. "I cant..."
     I thrust it back into her mouth, caressing her hair and face.
"Breath through your nose." I gripped her head with both hands,
and forced it slowly, oh so slowly, down onto my cock. She'd asked
for it.
     There was muffled snort, and I felt it slip into her
esophagus.
     "Good, baby."
     I began to lift her head up and down as I rocked my pelvis
back and forth. Each stroke produced a sudden gasp of air through
her nostrils. Looking down, I could see her eyes were closed
tightly. I sped up the pace, fucking her head wantonly, forcing
myself all the way down her throat with each jab.
     She was gagging now, but I didn't care. I could feel the
muscles, rippling on my cock, her lips quivering in my public
hair. I held her there, my cock completely buried, with both hands
on her head, while the cum surged in my balls.
     She began to push gently against my abdomen, gurgling.
     I looked down at her struggling white form, her face
contorted with the effort to breath, and felt myself begin to cum.
Her eyes rolled up to look at me imploringly.
     I pulled it out, squirting copiously, my cock drizzling
thick, esophageal mucous. Mary Anne jerked back, but I held her
head, and my cock shot out gout after gout of thick white cum,
splattering against her face, running down her cheeks. I rubbed my
dick around, smearing the jism over her face, as she looked up at
me, tears in her eyes.
     Her mouth hung open in a slick pout, a thick rope of saliva
mixed with cum drooling from her lower lip. She wiped it off with
the back of her hand, breathing heavily.
     She gagged , bringing up another gob of jism.
     "Jesus, Jake, I couldn't breath." Her face was a mask of
betrayal, tinged slightly with fear. And something else. I knew,
deep down, that she liked being treated like this, that it
fulfilled some deep seated need. She'd admitted it, a couple of
times.
     A pearl of cum dripped lazily from the corner of her mouth
down her cheek.
     "It felt good, though." I reached down and caressed her face,
tracing my fingertips through the thin layer of sticky cum. Her
ass was still high in the air, an inviting target. My cock bobbed
at the sight of it. I was still hard as a rock. The thought of
what I'd done to her was still warm in my mind. It made me faintly
queasy, less faintly excited. "You know, I think I need to come
some more."
     Mary Anne sighed. "Oh." She said. She laid her face down
against the pillow, spreading her legs slightly. "Up my ass, I
guess?" She said quietly.
     I slipped out of bed, walking around until I was standing
behind her. Her ass was so large, white, perfect. I caressed its
smoothness, as I traced a line from her cunt to her puckered
asshole with my cock.
     "That's right dear," I whispered . "Up your round, lovely
ass."
     Mary Anne nodded and buried her face in the pillows, bracing
herself. Her legs trembled a bit, as I rubbed my dick back and
forth over the tiny hole.
     "You ready? No yelling now." I pushed my still over sensitive
cockhead into her pucker a quarter inch, like a carpenter starting
a nail in hard wood.
     "Okay. Don't do it too hard, okay?" Mary Anne said it with a
sob in her throat.
     She always said that. If anything, it made me do her harder,
and I think she knew that. Laughing nervously, I grabbed her ass
in both hands as her sphincter tightened around the tip of my
cock, hard.
     I was halfway afraid of what I was going to do.
     It was Mary Anne that gave me my cue. "You can do me now. I'm
ready."
     I forced my dick all the way in, in one long slow thrust,
causing a muffled groan to escape into the pillow.
     "Please," She moaned, "Please, not so hard, Please..."
     Every whimper seemed to make my cock longer, and harder. I
plunged it home, again and again, savagely.
     Mary Anne began to cry. The sound tore at me, churning my
emotions, awakening a sick feeling, but only enflaming my lust.
Grunting, I sped up the pace, my cock flashing in and out quickly,
cleanly. I shifted my grip on her ass, noticing without caring the
pink fingertip bruises blossoming in the soft white flesh.
     "Take it, you little bitch." I had no idea of what I was
saying, the words spilled out of me, from some black place inside
me. "You love it."  I ground my pelvic bone against her nice, soft
ass, wiggling my cock in her bowels. "Take it, good. Good girl."
     I pulled free as I began to cum, heart pounding, nuts
trembling on the verge of a massive eruption, and pushed hard on
one fleshly hip, flipping Mary Anne onto her back. Crawling on top
of her, I shoved my cock towards her face.
     "Finish it."
     She made a face and took the head of my cock in her mouth,
her neck craned to take it smoothly, her nose and eyes red from
crying. I held the back of her head, fucking her face briefly
before pulling free.
     I mauled her little breasts, trying to get them around my
cock, but it was hopeless, they were just too small. Pretty
though. I twisted each tiny pink nipple as I lifted her breasts,
pulling them into taut cones. "Nice little tits, bitch." I held
them that way as she suckled on the head of my cock.
     "Gotta snack for my little girl...If you want it, baby," I
stopped thrusting long enough to look into her tear rimmed eyes,
my dick drizzling clear slime over her pretty face . "Yes," she
said, sitting up slightly, cupping her breasts upwards, to make
them look larger. "Please, just cum, cum on me now," she tongued
the tip of my cock, looking up at me,"I need it like this. I need
it--"
     I silenced her by shoving my cock back into her mouth, and
down her throat, with one smooth stroke. And as Mary Anne
struggled for breath, my cock buried to the hilt in her pretty
face, she started to finger herself, and I knew she liked it,
liked being treated like this, liked being made to do it, and the
shuddering release was instantaneous--
     The orgasm exploded in me like a flower of herion blooming in
my brain, a grenade going off in my pelvis, and I wouldn't have
been surprised to see blood squirting from the tip of my cock, but
this ejaculate was thin, white, and lightning fast. This time, the
cum caught her unaware, jetting up her nose. She jerked as if
struck by a bullet. I reached down, and jerked it once, launching
a thick wad into her right eye, eliciting another lovely, shameful
flinch.
     "Yeah," My dick throbbed in time with my heartbeat, the
orgasm so intense that I couldn't tell if I was breathing. "Yes."
She flicked her tongue over and around the tip, teasing the cum
into a thin strand, then sucking it into her mouth, and swallowing
it noisily.
     "Yes"
     She looked up at me, fear and love mingling in her tear
filled eyes. Cum drizzled slowly down her forehead, from her nose,
from the corner of one eye.
     I'd humiliated her utterly. And loved it.
     "Good girl."
     She hugged me tightly, her small breasts pressing hotly
against my sweaty chest. "Anything. I'll do anything. " The words
were a barely coherent whisper. "I love you."
     It was exactly what I'd wanted to hear.


Teaching Mary Anne 4:  Double Trouble


     "So you're getting off now, huh?" Mary Anne had done the hit
only an hour before, but I could tell by the light in her eyes
that things were beginning to seem a little strange for her.
     "Things look different." She ran her hands through her long
blond hair and smiled. "I feel good, though."
     "That's great." I felt a little trepidation about her taking
the drug. Of course, it was her right. I'd taken a lot of the
stuff when I was her age, after all.
     "What would you like to do?" I asked.
     She giggled, and ran her hands over my chest, rubbing my
nipples through the fabric of my shirt.
     "Gee," She said, staring down at the bulge in my pants. "I
don't know."
     "Wanna watcha a porno tape?" Jed was still downstairs, I
knew, not wanting to drive back to his apartment tripping.
Perversely, I wanted to see the tape I'd rented with both of them.
I liked the thought of all of us watching the raunchyness
together.  We went downstairs .
     "Hi, Jed." Mary Anne stood with her hands behind her back,
her pert breasts thrust forward, her nipples poking brightly
through the thin yellow fabric of her tank top. "We're going to
watch a movie." She laughed, swaying her head. Her hands were on
her hips, playing with the waistband of her shorts. Jed smiled
evily at her.
     "Really?" He said. "Not the one you're pervert boyfriend
rented?
     Mary Anne smiled at me. "Pervert"
     At that, I walked over and popped the cassette in the
machine. I took a seat beside Mary Anne on the couch, as Jed sat
in the easy chair beside the TV.
     "So, now we have to sit through the lame plot to get to the
sex, huh?" Jed said. "I don't know why they bother."
     I hit the button on the remote. "Neither do I. That's why I
rented this. Its a compilation tape. Nothing but sex." The credits
flashed up on the screen, cheap bitmapped characters. "The girls
of double penetration." Mary Anne was nestled back against the
cushions, her hands resting on her smooth thighs. She had very
little body hair, and what she had was so silky and fine as to be
almost unnoticeable. I liked that.
     "Double penetration?" Mary Anne said. "Is that..."
     She quieted as the scene cut to the image of a man with an
enormous penis, thrusting into the slightly chunky, deeply tanned
woman straddling him. He'd continued pumping as she turned to face
him. Her ass hovered in the air as she rode his cock up and down,
her asshole an inviting target.
     It wasn't ignored by the well hung black man standing beside
the pair. He began to stroke his semi rigid cock, caressing the
woman's ass as he did so. He worked one finger into her anus.
"Ohh, baby, you know where you're going to get it..."
     Jed snorted. I watched Mary Anne, her eyes wide, pupils
dilated. She'd practically fallen into the screen. Her hands
traced circles on her thighs as she watched the tape.
     My cock began to harden as the black man positioned himself
above the woman, rubbing his enormous member over her tight anus.
     "How can she do it" Mary Anne murmured.  She should know, of
course. We'd started having anal sex the previous month, and had
performed the act almost obsessively for several weekends. She
came like crazy with it up her ass, the only time she'd ever come
while I fucked her. It used to take an hour of cunnilingus to
bring her off. Fifteen minutes up the ass, though, and she came
like a racehorse.
     There was a closeup of the tip of the black cock, slowly
violating the woman's butt, and a wail of female ecstasy tinged
with pain, as he slid it home. The shot widened to show the two of
them sawing away at her. As one went in, the other went out, back
and forth.
     Mary Anne reached out and began to stroke my cock through my
shorts, never taking her eyes from the screen, having forgotten
Jed entirely. Her other hand had slipped into her own pants, I
noticed, and her nipples were now fully erect, poking through the
thin fabric . I tugged one shoulder strap of her tank top down,
freeing the small white breast. I licked my finger and slowly
circled the tightening  pink nipple.
     I saw Jed watching us out of the corner of my eye.
     The black man on top was now thrusting savagely, pulling out
and flashing back in, quickly. His dick seemed to have gotten even
larger. He didn't have the slightly bored expression of most porno
stars. He was into it, sweating profusely. The woman rocked back
and forth on her knees, shoving the thick black shaft into her
glistening ass. She looked like a woman giving birth, her face
contorted with some unbearable emotion.
     Mary Anne worked my cock out of the leg hole of my shorts and
started to jerk me off, with a circle of thumb and forefinger,
smearing the fluid drizzling from the tip over the length of the
shaft.
     "Ohhh, baby, I'm gonna do it." The black man tilted back his
head as he jerked himself free. A thick gout of cum shot out over
the woman's back, and then another, and another. Mary Anne's
breath faltered. The black man roughly spread the blondes cheeks
as he squirted his seed over the exposed pink of her gaping
asshole.
     Then he slid it back in.
     Jed was watching us openly now. I met his eye, glanced at the
growing lump in his jeans, and nodded my agreement. An unspoken
message passed between us.  The scene ended, and Mary Anne looked
up, astonished to find Jed looking at us.
     "Hi Jed." She said, unevenly as she reached for the strap to
her shirt, attempting to cover her breast. I held her hand on my
cock, which was now rock hard, pointed at the ceiling. "Don't
stop." I said, squeezing her nipple tightly, eliciting a nervous
shiver.
     Jed stood slowly and walked towards us, a hard bulge pushing
at the front of his jeans as he unzipped inches from Mary Anne's
face. She looked scared. Jed's thick cock popped free from his
underwear. "You like?" he whispered huskily.
     "Suck it." I told her. "Go on."
     After a brief, unbelieving look at me, she took the head in
her mouth, and began to suck.  She worked the shaft with one
hands, as she massaged his balls with the other. I'd taught her
how to do that when she was sixteen, and as far I knew, I'd been
the only man she'd done it to. Until now.
     I gently moved her off the sofa, onto her knees before Ed,
and pulled off my own shorts, trembling with excitement. I
stripped my shorts off quickly. My cock was enormous.
     "Now me." She looked up at me dazedly, but quickly nodded and
took me in her mouth. "Keep jerking him off." I said sharply. She
grabbed Jed's cock and began to stroke it in time with her mouth
movements on my dick. "Good girl. Good girl."
     "What do you think." I smiled at Jed.
     Jed grinned back. "I want her ass."
     "No. "I said. "Well... Maybe after I'm done with it."
     Mary Anne stopped, looked up at both of us, the tip of each
of our cocks resting on either cheek. "What..." She said. Her
pupils were fully dilated now. She was tripping her brains out.
     "Keep sucking, okay honey?"  She nodded. "Okay." She said,
and began slurping on first my cock, and then Ed's, quickly going
back and forth between them.
     Jed pulled free and lay down on the sofa, his cock sticking
straight up. Mary Anne shuffled the short distance on her knees,
and starting sucking him again.
     I gently pulled her shorts down around her knees. Her ass was
beautiful, large but very firm and round. I reached under and
flicked her clitoris with one finger, snaking another up her cunt.
It was very wet. I mounted her from behind, sliding it in to her
dripping pussy to the hilt.
     Mary Anne made a sound, muffled by Jed's cock in her mouth. I
began to fuck her slowly, my hands digging into the soft flesh of
her ass. I began to go faster, and faster, slapping into her butt
each time, watching the ripples in her milky flesh. She was
slippery as hell, wet, accepting my cock easily with every surge
of flesh.
     Mary Anne bobbed her head faster and faster on Jed's cock.
     "Not so fast," Jed breathed, "Or I'm gonna squirt in your
mouth."
     "Don't you want to?" Mary Anne asked. "I can swallow it all,
if you want. I swallow Jake's cum a lot." She giggled. "And he
cums a lot, too..."
     "Not yet. You're boyfriend's making a hog of himself back
there."
     I withdrew from her  dripping snatch, my cock so hard it
hurt. It seemed to be about an inch longer than usual, the head
glistening purple.
     "Be my guest, Jed." I got up unsteadily and walked around to
drop into the still warm sofa recently  vacated. Jed got down on
his knees behind Mary Anne.
     The young girl fell on my cock, sucking hard. Then Jed
entered her from behind.
     "What..." The drug had confused her again. She looked over
her shoulder, and Jed grinned evily, and sped up the pace. Her ass
shook with every penetration.
     I rubbed my cock against one cheek. "Don't stop, honey."
     "Oh," she said, and began to give my dick the lollipop
treatment, licking it like a piece of candy, looking me in the
eyes as she did. An old sex game. But now, every time Jed slammed
home, she surged forward, my cock slapping against her lips. She
took it deeper and deeper into her mouth as Jed plowed into her
from behind.
     I couldn't stand it anymore. I stopped her with one hand in
her silky hair. She looked up at me, saliva drooling from her
perfect chin. "Lets both do her," I said, looking up at Jed. "Ed,
go lie down." Jed reluctantly let go of Mary Anne's ass, but did
as he was told. His cock stood straight up, supported by one hand.
     I led Mary Anne to where Jed lay. "Now, you're going to fuck
Ed," I said patiently, as she swayed over to where Jed lay
waiting, "Like this." I helped her position herself over Jed's
dick.
     "Now, just get on your hands and knees." She did so, hovering
above Jed's rigid prick. Jed reached his arms around her hips, and
pulled her down, impaling her deeply. She sighed as his member
sunk into her hot, wet cunt.
     Mary Anne, eyes closed, began to rock back and forth on her
knees Her ass was totally exposed to me, her anus a tight pink
circle. I spit into my hand, and rubbed the opening with gradually
increasing firmness.
     When I slipped one finger in, Mary Anne gasped and stopped
moving, but after  moment, resumed her rocking. The I slipped in
another finger. I could feel Jed's cock in her, rubbing back and
forth across the thin membrane that separated us.
     "That feels good," Mary Anne whispered.
     I squatted, my erection poised over her pink bunghole. I
thrust forward, bringing myself in contact with the hot, slick
orifice.
     "Ooooohhhh," Mary Anne moaned. She stopped rocking. "What,
what's happening?" She looked down at Jed in confusion, and then
over one shoulder at me, her pupils opened as wide as he ass would
soon be. "What are you doing?"
     "Fucking your ass, honey," I said huskily. I pressed forward,
feeling her asshole give way as I stared into her eyes.  My
fingers sunk into the soft flesh of her hips, as I held her fast,
working the head of my cock past the tight sphincter. She bit her
lower lip as I slid into her tightness, her eyebrows furrowed. I
sunk into her, inch by inch. I could feel Jed's cock, rockhard,
inside her cunt.
     "Ohh." She said. "Not so deep." The corner's of her mouth
turned up in a dreamy half smile, making a lie of her words. I
pushed harder, and deeper into the tight warmth, until my balls
were slapping in her crotch. Jed began to thrust upwards, in
short, fast jabs, and I could feel him sliding inside her.
     "Do it." I said. "Fuck the shit out of her."
     Mary Anne let out a little excited whimper.
     Jed grunted, and sped up the pace.
     "Ohhhhhh..." Mary Anne moaned, her eyes rolling back in her
head. "Ow."
     "Bad girl," I breathed, sliding in and out of her ass quickly
and cleanly. Mary Anne reached back and spread her cheeks with
both hands, offering  me a magnificent view of my cock plunging
into her bowels. "Deeper." She whispered. "Please?"
     I began to ram it harder and harder home. Our movements fell
into sync, as we both surged forward.  I held her hips tightly,
maximizing the deepness of the thrust.  I slapped one buttock,
hard, bringing up a bright pink hand print.
     "Yes." she said. "Yes.
     I stopped just before cumming, pulling it free. Jed's cock
kept right on churning away.
     "Don't stop." Mary Anne cooed. "put it in." She spread her
cheeks, her pink  asshole quivering wetly. "Please."
     "Ed, you got to try this."
     Jed smiled. "Don't mind if do."
     "Somebody put in my ass," Mary Anne whispered, her face
buried in the sofa, her ass split wide with both hands. "You're
going to like this Jed." I whispered.
     Jed grunted as he moved behind her while I knelt before her.
My cock was truly monstrous, bloated purple, slick with mucous. I
grabbed her hair, pulling her head up from the pillow.
     "Do it." I cried. Jed wiped the sweat from his face, holding
his cock with one hand, rubbing it over Mary Anne's tender
opening. He poked it in slightly. Mary Anne made a low, animal
grunting sound.
     "Jesus, Jake," Jed said, "She's tripping her brains out."
     She turned her head, looking Jed in the eye pleadingly.
"Please put it in my but," she whimpered. She looked up at me. "I
love it."
     "You heard the girl,"
     Jed nodded, and pushed his dick in. Mary Anne made a loud
moaning sound, as her eyes rolled back in her head. I watched
Jed's cock slowly disappear between her ass cheeks. Jed smiled.
"Tight."
     In pure animal abandon, I grabbed her head in both hands, and
forced my cock into her mouth and down her throat. Jed was riding
her from behind, clutching the flesh of her ass tightly with both
hands as he fucked her savagely, his eyes squeezed shut in
ecstasy. I jammed her head back and forth on my cock, fucking her
face as she snorted for breath. Her nails raked my buttocks, one
finger finding my asshole, which she began to roughly probe.
Finally, I pulled my cock free.
     Mary Anne sputtered and coughed for few moments, before
grabbing my cock and  jerking it off quickly, stroking its length
with thumb and forefinger, her mouth hanging open in a slick pout.
     "Do it. You're gonna get it, girl. You want come?"
     She looked up at me imploringly. "Please?"
     I climaxed explosively, painfully, sending geysers of cum
splattering into her face. Thick white streams sprayed up onto her
forehead, into her nose and eye's, as she jerked her face back
involuntarily from the impact, moaning.  I looked down at her,
shame washing over me with the pleasure. She would be furious at
me when she came down. At the moment, I didn't care.
     Her face was coated, dripping streamers of thick white goo.
She looked over one shoulder at Ed, smiling as she licked cum from
her upper lip.
     The sight of the young girl, her face dripping  with my cum,
sent Jed over the brink. His fingers bit into her skin as he
pounded into her, the flesh of her ass rippling in rapid waves.
     "Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh," he held her tightly as he pumped into
her, releasing the flood of jism deep in her ass. Mary Anne
sighed, wiggling slightly as Jed spasmed in orgasm. He wiped the
sweat from his forehead, his dick slipping free.
     "Christ!"
     Mary Anne rolled onto her back, eyes closed, holding her
thighs tightly to her chest. The cum on her face had become a
translucent sheen. One hand stole down to her ass, caressing, as
she slipped one finger after another into her throbbing pink
pucker. The other hand flicked at her clit.
     "More," She whispered.
     "More?"
      She smiled evily at both of us, running her hands up and
down her body, cupping her breasts, tweaking her nipples.
      I grinned back at her. She'd get more, all right. She'd get
more.


Teaching Mary Anne: 6 The Gangs All Here


     "She's been gone for two weeks, looking at colleges."
     Jed nodded, sipping his beer.
     I got to the point. "So, I think she's ready to be fucked.
Fucked *hard.*"
    Jed's face went serious considered this. He'd done her with me
once before, but obviously still had some misgivings. "And you're
sure she's into this?"
     I nodded. "Oh yes."
     The doorbell rang, and I answered it, and found myself
looking into the dark smiling face of Tyrone.
     "What's up?"
     He grinned and shook Jed's hand, then mine, his handshake as
firm as ever. He looked good, healthy, thickly muscled beneath his
clean white T-shirt. I found myself wondering how big his cock
was, and what I'd have Mary Anne do with it.
     "Who else is coming?" Jed asked. Ty laughed. "If you'll
pardon the pun..."
     "Mark is," I said. Mark was still petty depressed, had been
since he'd been dumped by Sabrina, Mary Annes sister. I kind of
hoped that tonight's performance would help him get over her. The
two sisters were physically pretty similar, both natural blondes,
with long, straight hair, blue eyes, and fine, delicate features.
The only real difference was that Sabrina was a rail, while Mary
Anne was quite a bit heavier in the hips and ass.
     Tyrone stretched, yawning loudly. "Pretty tough day at work.
Mind if I take a shower?"
     "Help yourself."
     A few minutes later, Mark let himself in without knocking, as
usual, his expression sour, shoulders hunched.  He was a skinny
guy, with a face that could politely be described as bony. He'd
never had too much trouble getting a date though, to my amazement.
An ex-girlfriend had explained to me that he had
something--charisma--that made his narrow, Ichibod crane face
alluring.
     He was good friend. I'd wanted to share Mary Anne with him
for awhile. He'd always said that she didn't attract him; too
heavy, or something. I mean, he and Sabrina were ectomorphs, so,
it made sense. We'd see.
     "Hey guys." He sat at the kitchen table with us, pulling out
a small bowl, and packing it with the cheap brown weed we used to
smoke back then. "What's going on, huh?"
     I smiled. "A little party. Jed, you got the blow?"
     Jed nodded as he took a hit on the bowl. "Yeah." He blew
smoke out his nostrils slowly "Normally, I don't really approve of
this stuff. But tonight, well...I thought I'd make an exception."
     Mark laughed. "A dealer with a conscience!"
     "At least where his friends are concerned.
    Jed had produced the tiny amber vial, and a pocket sized
mirror. Sitting at the kitchen table, he shook the rock from the
vial, and began to chop it precisely with a razor blade.
     "Friends. Customers. What's the difference?"
     Mark stared at the white powder and sighed. "I wasn't going
to waste any more money on that stuff."
     "Don't worry," Jed said, looking at me. "Its bought and paid
for."
     Hearing another car arrive, I moved into the living room to
look out the window. My heart skipped a beat. There she was.
     Mary Anne got out of her old battered Subaru, a light wind
tugging at her hair and skirt. She looked up at the house
uneasily, her eyes squinting against the wind. Then she saw me
standing in the window, and smiled.
     I hurried her in, holding a finger to my lips, and we both
tip toed up the stairs. I could hear Ty showering in our bathroom,
so I hustled Mary Anne into my parents bedroom.
    "Hi." She kissed me lightly, a wan smile playing at the
corners of her mouth.
     I returned the kiss, letting my hand roam over her breasts,
cupping her ass through the thin material of her skirt.
     Ohhh, tonight was going to be special.
     I went to the dresser, and removed Mary Anne's costume for
the night. The black garter was the right size, I knew, but the
fishnets were a new purchase, and I wanted to see how they fit.
Also, the leather pushup bodice.
    Mary Anne stripped out of her skirt and blouse quickly. I
began to undress as well, Mary Anne smiling as my already erect
penis bobbed free from my underwear.
     I lay down on the king sized bed, watching as she put on the
garters, stockings, and black high heeled pumps. Then the bodice,
which nicely squeezed the slight chunkiness around her middle,
heightening her lushly curved top and bottom.
     "Lipstick" I whispered.
    "Oh." She found a brilliant red stick, my mother's in fact,
and put it on, pursing her lips in the full length mirror over the
dresser.
    "Almost forgot." I got up, and checked the tripod set up to
the right of the bed. After a seconds thought, I set the tape on
the 2 hour speed. I wanted the quality, and if it lasted longer, I
could always pop in another cassette.
    Mary Anne frowned at the video camera.
    "This is only for you, isn't it? I mean, no one else is going
to see it...?"
     I nodded, not bothering to point out the ridiculousness of
her concern. She was going to be fucked tonight by 4 guys, who
knew how many times, and she was worried about the video?
     "Don't worry honey. While you're at college, these tapes will
see me through the lean times."
     She smiled sadly, and lowered herself to her knees, sucking
one finger with her bright, red lips.
     "Should I suck you some, now?"
     I walked around her slowly. Her ass was beautiful, large and
white, with sharply defined tan lines running diagonally across
her flanks. Her tits jutted out over the bodice enticingly, the
tiny pink nipples already beginning to become erect from the
slight chill in the air. I kept the house cold for this. I liked
the thought of all that gooseflesh...
    I pointed at my cock, now half erect, and nodded.
     She smiled and shuffled forward on the knees to take my cock
in her mouth. I had no intention of cumming any time soon, of
course. But I needed to start building up the load for the camera.
That was the secret that the porn stars had learned; build for a
long time before cumming. Not rocket science, but true
nevertheless, and vital if one wanted a truly spectacular eruption
of jism.
      Mary Anne suckled as I made the final adjustments on the
camera, and hit the button. The red light flashed on.
     "Showtime!"
      The door opened a crack. Tyrone stood there, wearing a blue
robe of my brothers. He raised his eyebrows questioningly, his
eyes flashing down to Mary Anne on her knees, and back up to mine.
    I nodded. "Come in."
   Mary Anne whipped her head around, looking up at Ty, her lips
slightly parted. "Hi." She said, her voice breaking. Jed and I had
been the only men she'd ever had. Tonight would double her
lifelong total.
     "Hi honey."
    He let the robe fall open, revealing his broad, hairless, well
muscled torso. Mary Annes eyes traveled down his coffee brown
body, coming to rest at his crotch, widening in alarm.
    He smiled. "Say hello to Boa."
    Ty's cock, half flaccid, must have measured a good 8 inches.
It twitched, as Mary Anne swallowed, wiping at the spit dribbling
on her chin.
     He stood beside me, glancing down at Mary Anne, his cock
already twitching to life.
     "What's the etiquette here?" Typical Ty question. He was
nothing if not urbane.
    "Mary Anne? Suck him. If you see anybody losing their
erection, at any time, start sucking them. Understand?"
    Another pensive nod, as Mary Anne took Ty's semirigid pole in
both hands and began to lick up and down its length.
     Ty let out a long, low sigh. As his dick stiffened, it
assumed truly awesome proportions.
     Jed and Mark made an entrance, sniffling loudly. Jed's jaw
dropped at the sight of Ty's cock.
     "What a monster."
     With a hand on her head, I moved her from his dick to mine.
"Good, baby." She kept stroking him with one hand I noticed, and
his cock just kept getting bigger.
     "Now." I paused as a little shiver of pleasure from her
insistent sucking rode up my spine. "Ahhhh, Yes." Jed and Mark
were taking off their cloths. Jed quickly, Mark with a quizzical
expression on his face, like he couldn't quite believe he was
doing this.  "Here are the rules. Nobody does anything unless I
tell them to. Nobody comes inside of her."
    Jed snorted. "Where are we supposed to come?"
    I looked down at Mary Anne, working my cock like a good little
girl "You come on her *face,* so the camera can see.  That okay,
sugar?"
    Mary Anne nodded quickly without looking up from her work.
     "Time to get you in bed baby." She stood, glancing about
quickly, smiling tremulously, and crawled onto the bed. Her ass
was perfect, round and white above the black fishnets, her pussy
freshly shaved, as innocent as a babes.
     Jed was hard now, but Marks cock, also considerable in size,
especially when compared with his skinny body, was flagging at
half mast.
     "Now, why don't you suck Mark first." Mark moved into
position before her, little beads of sweat starting from his brow.
He sniffed as she took the head in her mouth and began to suck.
     I got on my knees behind her, and began to rub my cock up and
down the slit of her pussy, moving the slickness there up onto her
asshole. She was going to need it.
     "What about us?" Jed asked.
     "She's got hands. Use them."
     Jed frowned. "How's she going to support herself."
     I thought a second. "You do it. Hold her up."
     That settled, Jed and Ty moved into position, holding Mary
Anne's body as she began to jack the two of them off, sucking Mark
only with her mouth. Quite a pretty picture. I checked to make
sure the camera was getting a good angle, decided it wasn't, and
pulled my slick cockhead from her pussy. I released the camcorder
from its tripod, and moved in for a close-up.
     Mary Anne still had her eyes closed on as she slurped on
Mark's cock. The sounds were good.
     "Bob your head more, honey."
     Dutifully, Mary Anne began to move her head back and forth
more dramatically. "Good."
     Six hands roamed over her body, caressing her back, her ass,
her small, beautiful breasts, touching her nipples. Ty pinched
one, hard, sending a delicious shiver through Mary Anne's body. He
raised his eyebrows at me, and I nodded.
     "She likes that."
     Mary Anne nodded quickly as she sucked, and began to jerk
Mark and Jed faster, coating their dicks with the oozing precum,
working their poles like a farmer milking a cow.
     I got on my knees behind her, and sank balls-deep into her
hot, wet, slit with a single stroke, the camera recording the ease
of the penetration, then began panning around at the trio of men
being serviced, face, down to stiff dick, face, down to dick.
      Nobody talks about the incredible awkwardness of orgies, the
bumping into people, the pulled hair, the homophobic shying away
of males who wouldn't dream of touching each other, but who don't
mind rubbing cocks through the thin membrane separating a woman's
ass from her cunt.
     So I won't either.
     They edit all this stuff out of the movies. But it ads, what?
An element of humor? There was laughter, strained to be sure.
Little grunts, facial tiks.
     Jed stopped at one point to snort some more blow. Even Mary
Anne did a little, sniffing it from a mirror on the bed as Jed
took a turn in her cunt from behind. He stopped, fully buried, as
she did the actual snorting. "No wasting!"
     It was hard to find positions that pleased all of us, and
after awhile we gave up, and let one man hold the camera, talking
turns with the responsibility. One rule held. Whenever anyone
started to lose their erection, they politely tapped the person
using Mary Annes head, and moved in front of her.
     It was me at the moment. "Check this out, guys."
    Jed was pounding away in her cunt now, Mark was stalking
around with the camera, looking nervous.  Mary Anne's body was
turned so she could suck me and get both her hands around Ty's
monstrous erection, which she was jacking straight up and down,
like a woman churning butter.
      Mary Anne stopped sucking and looked around wildly. She
pushed her long hair back. "My throat?"
     I nodded. She still wasn't very good at it, but she did it if
told her to.
     She opened her mouth wide, tilting her head back, as I
pressed my cock down at an almost painful angle, so I could see,
and pushed it in, and in, my hands roaming in her hair, and with a
little jab felt it slide ...home. Mary Anne made a little noise
that sent a shiver down my spine. And I started to carefully fuck
her head.
     Everyone stared. "Shit!"
     I started to fuck faster, tilting her face slightly so I
could look her in briefly in the eye. There was some fear there,
as well as lust, and pain. "Be all right, baby," I murmured,
before forcing myself into her throat again, "Be alright." Thin
tendrils of saliva mixed with mucus had begun to dangle from her
chin.
      She adjusted the angle of her head and neck, and I began to
fuck in earnest, producing noisy wet sucking sounds as I plunged
it deep into her throat with every jab. I stopped right before
cumming, holding it deep, feeling the muscles of her throat
rippling gently along the shaft.
     I pulled free and gave Ed, who'd been pounding her pussy from
behind, a turn at her throat.
    All of Jed's compunctions about using this little girl seemed
to have fled.  He smiled broadly, cradling her head in his hands,
his dick dripping pussy juice and precum onto Mary Anne's bright
red lips.
     "Please," Mary Anne whispered gently, "Be careful..."
     Jed just smiled, held her head in both hands, and pushed
himself all the way in.
     I moved away from her ass, caressing it, running my finger up
it's crease, testing her pucker.
     Mark had yet to fuck her.
     "Go ahead, man. Try her. "I kneaded a fleshy cheek, slapping
it gently to send a wave through the pale, soft flesh. "She's
sweet."
    Mark shrugged but got on his knees behind her, his dick
stiffening noticeably as I continued to gently slap her smooth,
white buttocks.
   "Pretend she's Sabrina, Mark."
     He nodded, and slowly, began to push his dick in.
     Mary Anne glanced quickly back over her shoulder to see who
was mounting her now. She smiled quickly, and went back to sucking
Jed's cock. He was out of her throat now. She was much better at
regular sucking than deep throat anyway.
     "You can do it harder if you want." I told him.
     Mark rode her from cunt from behind, gradually picking up
speed. "She's softer." He grunted. "Wetter."
     "Nice plump ass, eh?"
     Mark nodded, sending ripples of movement through her milky
butt as he pounded away. "Uh huh."
    I grinned at him. "Give it to her in the ass, Mark."
    He looked at me, eye's widening. "Really?"
     "Honey, " Her left eye met mine, her mouth distorted by Jed's
thick cock. "Show Mark where you want it." Mary Anne reached back
to spread her cheeks, wrapping her lips around her teeth as she
sucked Jed even more vigorously.  The little girl wanted it there!
I nodded, grinning. "Sabrina ever let youQ"
    Mark shook his head quickly, frowning.
     "Do it. You'll like it."
    Mark grabbed her hips, guiding the tip of his now fully hard
cock into her little pink asshole. As Mark sunk slowly into it, a
strange expression crossed his face, and he let out a long, low
sigh. "Ohhhh. Take it Sabrina..." he was looking down at her, but
doubtless seeing her older sister, who'd dumped him for a law
student with a little more earning potential. "Slut." Tear's
glistened in the corners of his eyes, and he wiped them away
quickly. "You little bitch." He began to stab himself in and out
violently, his teeth digging into his lower lip, his face screwed
up, sending little spasms of pain flitting across Mary Anne's
elfin features. "Take it..." The flesh of her ass shivered as he
bounced off her, embedding himself as deeply as he could. I let
him ride her ass until his movements became spastic, and I was
afraid he might come.
     "Stop." I said. Mark shuddered and looked up.
      "Sandwich time." I looked down at her, Mark's dick still
tightly buried to the hilt in her butt. She stopped sucking Ty long
enough to give me a questioning glance.
      "And you, honey bunch, are the meat." 


Teaching Mary Anne: Part 6B The Gangs All Here--and baby, you're my meat!


 "Sandwich time." I looked down at my seventeen year old beauty,
Mark's dick still tightly buried to the hilt in her round, white
butt. She stopped sucking Ty long enough to give me a questioning
glance.
      "And you, honey bunch, are the meat."
      Mary Anne glanced around at us dazedly, through the thicket
of our erect cocks, her long blonde hair flashing in the light
from the video camera..
     Jed lay back grinning, pointing his cock straight up with a
hand rapped around the base, as I caught Mary Anne's eye and
nodded towards him.
    Mary Anne crawled over to him, Mark's dick popping free from
her butt, her pink asshole winking at us as she lowered herself
onto Jed's thick cock. She sighed as she impaled herself fully on
its fat seven inch length.
     She looked back at the three of us, pouting. "Who wants my
ass?"
     "My turn." I glanced at Ty's fully engorged rod. "Then you."
     Forcing it up her gooey ass was heaven, the channel squeezed
tight by Jed's penetration of her cunt. It took almost a minute of
continuous, delicious pressure to work it the whole way in.
     The whole time, Mary Anne's head bobbed from Ty's enormous
cock, to Mark's, back and forth, her hands working the unsucked
member.
     Jed and I quickly fell into a certain rhythm, as our cocks
churned away in Mary Anne's body. When we both pushed in at once,
she was so tight it hurt, Mary Anne too, if the little whimpers
leaking  around Mark's cock were any indication. Gradually, we
found ourselves sawing away in tandem, me up her ass, Jed into her
cunt, me up her ass, Jed into her cunt
     We changed positions, to give Jed a crack at her ass, with me
in her cunt. Mary Anne shook all over as Jed took her ass, looking
deep into my eyes, a small, hurt smile playing around the corners
of her lips. It wasn't quite as tight in her pussy, but it was
still good, feeling Jed's cock rub the underside of my dick
through the thin wall of slick muscle.
     As Jed hammered himself to a fever pitch in her butt, I
pulled her face to mine, whispering in her ear.
     "Now, you're going to get Ty in your ass."
      She looked at me in fear, shame, trust. "Okay. If you want
me to," she swallowed, wincing ever so slightly as Jed pounded
harder and harder, "I'll take it."
     "You'll take it all?"
     She nodded, her eyes closed again. "All."
     "Why?"
      She kissed me, her tongue deep in my mouth. "Because I'm
your baby."
     "Ed, your finished." The movement stopped.
      "Ty," I looked down at his cock, at least ten inches, if not
twelve, circumcised, the head swollen to the size of child's fist,
"Your turn."
     He moved into position behind her, slapping her butt lightly
with his cock, rubbing it up and down the hairless, slippey
crease. He pumped it into her pussy first, and when it was good
and wet, yanked it free and rested the bulbous knob at its tip
against Mary Anne's pink bung.
     Jed was on the camera, so I leaned forward to rub Mary Anne's
breasts, roughly, tugging at the nipples.
     "Here it comes" Ty's strong hands dug into soft hip flesh, as
he began to bore into her.
    When the head slipped past and in, Mary Anne shuddered,
gasping for breath. I rolled a nipple between thumb and
forefinger, watching the emotions war in her face. Pain. Pleasure.
Humiliation.
     "Here's some more." Ty husked.
     "Oh...Oh..." Mary Anne began to fling her head from side to
side, eyes squeezed shut, her long hair flying against our chests.
Her fists gripped Mark's and my cocks tightly, squeezing painfully
hard as if she were holding on for dear life.
    "Some more." Ty groaned.
     "Ed, get a close up, will you." I said. Jed moved in with the
camera. "Got it."
     "Deeper," I told Ty. "Go ahead. Give her more."
     Ty grunted, and pushed his throbbing pole another inch into
Mary Annes trembling ass.
     "Oh...God..." she whispered. "It hurts..."
     That wasn't her safeword. It was in fact, her cue to keep
going, to do it harder, to give her more.
     Mark, who of course, didn't know this, shook his head in
disbelief. "That's gotta be dangerous." He began to lose his
erection.
    "Suck him, Mary Anne."
    She quieted, grimacing, but taking Marks cock in her mouth
just the same. Within seconds, he was fully hard again.
     "You can fuck her throat, Mark."
     He nodded quickly, gritted his teeth, and forced her head
down onto his cock until her lips were tight around the base.
     Ty was fucking her ass now in utter concentration. It was
amazing, watching the dark glistening staff disappear between her
smooth white cheeks. Mark reached around to spread them, his
fingertips digging into the soft white flesh of her ass as Jed
came in for the tight close up. Beautiful.
     Mary Anne whimpered around Mark's cock.
     "Give it all to her, Ty." I whispered. "Mark, could you
move," I gently pushed Mark aside, his dick popping from Mary
Anne's throat, drizzling, and looked down at her.
     She looked up at me, her expression an unreadable mix of
pleasure, humiliation, shame. Cum streaks glistened in her hair,
saliva and mucous coated her face in brilliant sheen. Someone had
blown their wad already, and I hadn't noticed! Oh well, there was
always the video...
    A brief swash of pain troubled her pretty features as Ty
bottomed out in her ass, and then, looking up at me...love.
     Total acceptance, uncritical, insane.
     "It's all the way in," Mike whispered, amazed.
     "Open up, honey."
     Mary Anne parted her bright red lips, and sank down onto my
cock, engulfing me to the hilt in warm, wet suction. She'd never
done it by herself before, and I marveled at her suddenly acquired
skill. Her head bobbed delightfully, Ty's cock flashing in and out
of her ass, glistening, an expression of unbearable ecstasy
contorting his handsome features.
     I was struck with the image of our cockheads meeting in her
throat, of this girl twisting on the spit of our hard dicks,
completely pierced, threaded with meat.
      It was time for Ty to cum.
     "Come on. Lets finish it." I said, pulling her off my dick.
     Ty's cock came out of her ass slowly, inch by slick, thick
inch, as it did Mary Anne shook all over, her eyes closed, her
lower lip hanging slackly. "Ohhhhh. Cumming." She drooled as her
assflesh trembled, her breathing ragged and gasping as he pulled
himself from her thoroughly violated rectum.
     I whispered in her ear, "Still cumming baby?"
     She nodded through the spasms, her eyes slitted. When Ty was
finally clear she hung her head briefly, panting.
     "Come on. Get it over here."
    Ty was so big, both Mary Annes hands barely covered half his
cock.
     She wasn't able to swallow it all, but the sight of half of
it embedded in her throat sent Jed over edge, causing him to hand
the Camera off to Mark and stroke himself off onto her face.
     "Here you go, little girl."
     The jism flew in thick, ropy strands over her forehead and
eyes as she slowly engulfed another inch of Ty's cock.
     Mark handed the camera to me, staring at the white gooey jism
running down Mary Anne's face, dripping onto her tits, shaking his
head. "This is sick. I'm outa here." Quickly gathering his
clothing, he left the room, closing the door behind him. He'd
never liked cumshots. I realized then he'd probably come in her
ass.
     Mary Anne looked up at me, cum dripping from her nose, one
eyelid fluttering in a glob of jis, and I nodded. "Finish up Ty,
baby. In your face."
     She began to milk him vigorously, enveloping the head of his
cock with her swirling tongue, her lips.  "OOOOOHhhhhhhh. Yes,
girl. That's it. Do it." His nuts trembled as Mary Anne jacked him
rapidly with both hands, and then, BOOM!
    A massive jet splurted out, splashing right between her eyes.
Mary Anne squeezed her eyes shut, but kept right on jacking,
lowering the rifle barrel of Ty's black cock slightly, and opening
her mouth to receive the spray.
    BOOM!
    Another in her open mouth. And another. And another.
    Cum dripped down her forehead and around her eyebrows as she
tongued the massive tip of Ty's cock, cum spilling from her open
lips, drooling down her chin.
   She tongued the slit, actually introducing the tip of her
tongue into the hole.
    "JESUS!" Ty squirted again as a spasm racked his body, the
stream slashing across her face.
     "She can coax it out, can't she?" Jed grinned.
     Then it was my turn. She sucked and sucked, and licked and
stroked and jacked, and milked, glancing up at me, at all of us,
because now that Ty and Jed had finished, it was just a sex show,
until finally, the orgasm came, so intense I began to black out
with the vibrating pain of it, the jism shooting out in a thick
unending fountain, Mary Anne's lovely face shuddering, flinching,
writhing, in the torrent of my lust, my love, her humiliation...
      AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
      She was completely coated. She looked up at all of us, a
sad, bad little girl expression on her cum dripping features. She
was utterly beautiful. SHe looked down, blushing, the cum hanging
from her face in strands, running down her breasts.
     Ty laughed. "That's one freaky girl."
     Jed nodded.
     An exchange of sated grins. "OK, you guys, get out of here.
Shows over. Go take a shower--in the other bathroom, if you don't
mind..."
    They left, Jed slapping Ty on the back, "Man did you blast her
good or what? You ought to be in the movies, boy..." and we were
alone.
     We'd filled two two hour cassettes.
     I watched the video with her laying next to me, a plump,
sweaty thigh thrown over me, her silken blonde hair nuzzling
against my armpit.  She was dozing peacefully, dried sperm
crusting the sides of her face, where I'd missed with the
washcloth.
     I hit play.
      Jed fucking away beneath her, Mark sawing away in her rear.
God. It was disgusting. Mary Anne smiling, a look of ecstatic
bliss on her pretty face, as she takes both cocks, whispering to
the camera, her eyes boring into mine, "do it. Fuck me in two."
    I loved it.
     Ohhh, the shame of it, as the humiliating blasts of semen
strike the young girl's face. Her facial contortions as each spurt
strikes her. Like a slap, each wet missile of cum.
   Turning, to take it from another cock. Another gout of jism.
Opening her mouth. A long, fierce blast from Jed's cock, straight
into her throat, making her cough suddenly.
    Mary Anne murmured something in her sleep. I looked down, and
saw her eyelids flutter open. She was watching it now.
     Ty's rod stabbing her in the but. Mark's cock sliding into
her throat. Ed, jacking a copious load over the side of her face,
onto her closed eyelids, one cheek, part of her ear.
     "Why do you like it?" Her voice was very soft. "Watching them
do that to me?"
     I ran my hands over her, shrugging. "Don't know."
     "He hurt my ass, a little."
     I nodded, cupping an asscheek. Insinuating a finger into her
gooey, violated sphincter, massaging it lightly. "You did good,
baby. You did real good." I slipped another finger in her reamed
out hole, and began to finger fuck it as I watched the tape. After
a few minutes, I felt something shaking.
     It was Mary Anne, masturbating.
     I rewound the tape, letting it run in slow motion, as I
watched her finger herself to her own humiliation, my cock
stiffening painfully. Her breath sped up as she watched Ty's cock
slowly wedge itself into her rectum. A pair of hands gripped her
ample butt cheeks, pulling them open to give a better view.
     "Good shot, eh?"
     Mary Anne bit her lower lip, nodding slightly. She was using
both hands now, and had begun to wiggle her hips as she ground her
fingers into herself. She had two fingers in her pussy; three in
her ass.
     My cock was going from hard to semi soft in waves as I
watched, disgust and arousal mixing as Mary Anne jerked herself
off.
    Her movements became frenzied. On the screen, Mary Anne
coughed, sending a slow motion shower of jism from her nose and
mouth as Ty hosed her down. A gout struck her in the eye, causing
her to flinch back--oh, how I loved that flinch! She looked at the
camera in abject humiliation, a living cum target, dripping with
liquid lust. She scooped a thick wad from her cheekbone, and
slurped it into her mouth, swallowing carefully.
     I stood up besides the bed, feeling a pressure in my bladder.
A sudden, irresistible impulse. Oh. My.
     God.
     The urine arched up in a hot stream and struck Mary Anne's
open mouth. She shuddered, looking up at me in astonishment. I
pissed into her face, amazed.
     "I'm cumming," she bubbled, her face streaming. "Cumming."
     The urine soaked her hair, her breasts, ran down her thighs
to her crotch, where her fingers still writhed. Her plump body
glistened wetly, gleaming in the light cast by the video screen.
      "Drink it."
      Mary Anne opened her mouth, very wide, accepting the stream
of yellow, quickly, it brimmed, and began running down the sides
of her face.
     "Swallow."
     She looked up at me, eye's wide, closed her mouth, and
swallowed convulsively. She sat up, pee dripping from her chin,
her body trembling with some unnamable emotion.
     She smiled.
     Looking at her, I felt a sudden pang of nausea, the sea
change, as my more normal personality began to assert itself. I
wanted to take it all back, briefly ashamed, but I knew that would
quickly pass. In a few hours I'd want to watch the tape again,
more than likely.
     "I'm a mess." She said simply.
     I nodded. I saw now that I hadn't begun to wipe the cum from
her body. Streaks of it had dried up and down her torso, ass, and
back, but the urine had loosened it up again, and it dripped now
down her glistening form. "Yup. Sorry."
     She shrugged. "It's okay." as she stood, she winced. "Oh.
Jesus. We're going to have to take it easy for awhile."
     I nodded, and helped her to the bathroom.
     We held each other in the steaming shower, for a long time,
until the water ran cold.
      

THE END

STAY TUNED FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER: SISTER ACT In which we meet
Sabrina and Tiffany, Mary Anne's sisters, and we learn how best to
hog tie a plump sixteen year old...

