It has a "mind of it's own" sometimes:

     She was one of my "buddies" girl-friends, this MaryLou that I
was driving up the Keys to Miami to "pick-up" this evening.  The trip
along that two lane stretch was "slow" and yet I didn't really pay
much attention to the traffic, till I got to Key Largo, where it'd
let up somewhat.  The "ass-hole" wouldn't go get her himself, and
I thought to myself "this lady is nuts for comming all the way from
D.C. to see this "jerk-off"...

     `Got to the terminal a few minutes late, and could hear the
page "for me" over the P.A. system in the terminal.  No doubt she'd
felt "both of us had let her down" as she waited, having walked out
of the jetway, and found "nobody" there.  When she saw me, a gigantic
look of "relief" came over her, and I gave her a big `hug' as I
picked-up her bag.  She'd flown with me at 200 mph. along two-mile
bridge, and chased the Navy Hydrofoil in mock "dog-fight", pulling
a G' and a half as I rotated the nose up and saw that my wingtips had
created mist vortices on the water behind us.  The drivers on the
bridge nearly "lost their minds" as they saw us "pop-up" to their
level, having been down "right on the water" with the `cranes' and
water-fowl.  Yep, MaryLou was kinda "special" to me, and I'd drive
to Miami "a hundred times" had she asked me.  `Though she was no
"beauty queen", her body was nothing to laugh-at, and though she
wore glasses, they really added a lot of "intrigue" to that face of
hers...which was rather "pretty", even without make-up.  It was just
"too bad" that my friend was such an "ass" when it came to her, as
he "jerked her around" more than any woman I'd gone with would've
taken.

     We got into my rental car, and our drive was "silent" as I got
back to Key West, the traffic the other way nearly "non-existent".
It was pretty late when we got to my apartment on the beach, and
I had to "wake her" when we arrived, as she'd gone right to sleep
nearly immediately.  Having put-in a full day's work, and then doing
the rush to the airport at Dulles must've been a bit rough on her,
and it showed.  Once inside the apartment, I carried her bag into
my "master bedroom", the only one in the place, and told her that
she could stay there for the entire week-end, and I'd sleep out on
the hide-a-bed couch.  I gave her the spare key, and asked if she'd
join me for a scotch and water, and she tiredly said "yes, that
sounds fine.."  She stretched out on the couch, kicking her pumps
off her feet, and I walked into my kitchen to do the bar-tending.
When I came out, she was reclined, one leg pulled up, arms around
her knee, looking at me.  Taking her glass over, I got a hell of a
look at those "knock-out" legs I hadn't seen too-much of, and I
sat opposite her, in the recliner.

     MaryLou lamented her relationship with my friend, and I told
her "whatever you do, you're a big girl....nobody needs to guide
you or make decisions for you."  She knew he (her lover) was very
"married", though he'd "lied" to her when they first met.  When I'd
finally got the nerve to ask "what do you think he thinks about you
staying at my place?"  She pursed her lips, and said "fuck, at this
point, I could care less what the hell HE THINKS!!", emphasizing
her "disgust" for having flown all this way for him, and he couldn't
even meet her at the airport.  I told her that no-doubt everyone
would surmise we'd "slept together" when the `morrow came, and she
looked at me "deeply and intensely" with her blue-grey eyes locked
onto mine, and said "is that what you want, to sleep with me?"  Now,
being put "right on the spot", I said: "well, the thought had 
occurred to me, now and again, when you'd been here before...."
The silence in that little apartment was "deafening" for what would
seem like at-least ten minutes, neither of us breaking our eye
contact with the other.  I felt magnetically "pulled" out of my chair
towards her, and my legs felt as if everything below the kneecaps
wasn't there, as I put my glass down, and walked over to her, and
knelt by her, just inches from her face now..  I reached out and
brushed the bangs out of her eyes, my fingers gently caressing her
face, as her hand came up and pressed me to her, her eyes closing
as I did so.  I could hear her breathing, and the "whump, whump,
whump" sound of my heart as it pounded in my chest.  I pulled her
hand down to my face, and gently kissed the fingers, smelling the
faint scent of hand-lotion on them.  With her fingers to my lips,
I opened my eyes, and saw hers were closed, a "relaxed" and very
"beautific" look on her face.  I leaned over, and ever-so-gently
kissed her forehead, down along her temple, and found her quivering
lips, shaking with anticipation of my kissing her.

     Taking her in my arms, I laid her back on the couch, and
while still half on the floor, I passionately and ardently kissed
MaryLou, her fingers going through my hair as we entwined our tongues
in a twisting and almost "devouring" wanting of each-other.  Her
body shifted, making room for me next to her, and I then joined her
on the couch, pressed tightly against her warm, sensuous body.  My
free hand went down to her legs, feeling them, gently and teasingly
touching all the way up to her cullottes, my fingers lightly tracing
the path up to the crotch of her panties.  When my hand cupped her
mound, her tongue nearly "choked me" as it slid the farthest down
my throat that any lady's tongue had been before..  Our teeth were
damned-near gnashing together, we were kissing with such intensity
and desire.  She moaned "out loud" right into my mouth as we kissed,
my finger having slipped into her wetness..

     We wrestled and fondled each-other on the couch for what must
have been over an hour.  The "intoxication" of the `scotch' had
worn-off, and we were now "drunk" with "pure, unbridled lust" as
we explored each-other's bodies, her hand opening my fly, pulling
my rigid dick out, stroking it with her smooth fingers, pulling it
towards her sopping-wet pussy.  Not wanting to make love on the
couch this night, I pushed her away long enough to get onto the
floor, reach down, and pick her up, her arms going quickly around
my neck...as I carried her to the master bedroom.  We continued to
passionately kiss, as my instincts guided me to the bed.  There was
no light there, except what "moon-light" shone through the window,
and as I put MaryLou on the bed, the image I saw was, to say the
least, amazingly "sexy"...`this lady leaning-back on her arms,
looking up at me with such wanting.

     As I undressed, so did she.  We were down to our underwear
in just seconds.  I sat next to her, and un-hooked her brassiere,
pulling it away from her beautiful breasts.  I grabbed her panties
on both sides of her hips, and gently tugged them off her, pulling
them to my face, smelling her fragrance on them.  The crotch was
silky with her juices, as I pressed them to me.  I got out of my
briefs, and just stood there, admiring her body as it lay there
on my bed.

     As warm as it was, there was no-reason to get under the
covers, instead I pulled them down off the bed, towards the foot,
and left them there, as I snuggled-in next to MaryLou.  If we were
passionate on the couch, this was a whole new meaning to the word
now, as we feverishly touched and explored every inch of each-other
as we lay there, preparing to make love.  Kissing her neck, I nibbled
and tongued my way down to her arm-pits, along her side to her breasts,
and sucked one nipple, then the other, till they were both very, very
"hard" and "hot" to the touch.  I ran my tongue up her `cleavage'
between those beautiful tits, and down along her chest, to her belly
button.  My tongue explored that little nook with just the right amount
of unpredictability, and when it left, the pressure of just the tip,
trailing down to the fine hairs just above MaryLou's cunt, was almost
more than she could take.  Her juices were so fragrant and musky, it
took all my self-control not to just go there, stab my tongue in,
and devour her.  Instead, I gently bit and kissed over to her hip,
and to the inside of it, near her groin area.  My hands were massaging
those perfect legs, and she was going "crazy" on me, "moaning" and
her hands now trying to guide my head to her pussy.  I didn't fight
her so as to avoid touching her there....just held-off long enough
to make her "really want me", before I gently trailed my tongue down
along her quivering belly, and onto the hood of her clitoris.  I then
gently "blew" hot breath on it, making her "buck" with anticipation
of my tongue "going in"...and spread her legs, used my hands to
open her slit, exposing her pungent, drooling cunt, and shoved my
nose right into the folds of pink flesh..

     I nose-fucked MaryLou, my tongue stabbing her anus as my nose
bore into her hot, slick vagina.  Though I'd taken a lot of `hits'
in grade school for this `beek' of mine, MaryLou wasn't "laughing"
as I poked it into her, fucking her hot cunt with it.  The sensation
of her muscles trying to "clamp onto it" as I pushed and prodded her
with it, was definitely a "strange" one, and for just one moment, I'd
recalled the joke about the "dying" old man, who on his death bed,
told his son, that in his "next life", he wanted to come-back as a
`whale'.   His son, puzzled by this, said "why a whale, papa?", to
which the old man, in his last `gasp' said "what else has a ten foot
long dick, and a hole in the top of it's head to breathe through?"
Well, I wanted to continue to breathe, and so-far, pussy juice didn't
seem to have much oxygen in it, though I certainly wasn't complaining
as I tongued MaryLou's ass-hole...

     When I moved my face further up, I stuffed my tongue into Mary's
pussy with a dedication that'd make a Marine "proud", stabbing the
tip in there, trying to make it to her cervix, which I was prodding
with the index finger of my right hand, lower in her opening.  She
started to "lose it" now, and she was begging me, in the most
basic terms, to "please FUCK ME!!!" as I slowly moved my body up
onto the bed again, from the foot where I'd been kneeling, and on-
top of her.  I didn't need any "guiding in" as my dick found it's
mark, slid up to her opening, and her legs opened to receive me, as
I pushed the entire length into her, in one stroke.  As burnt-out
as I thought that I was, I certainly was focused on the sensation of
my dick being engulfed in her hot, anxious pussy....the "tightness"
really amazing me as I went home, my balls resting on her ass cheeks.
I just lay there, holding her "tightly", and asked "is this what you
thought it would feel like, Mary??", and she gasped "oh god!!!, it's
so damned good!!!, I'd never imagined it would feel THIS GOOD!!!"

     We began a `dance' between those sheets that night, that went
until the sun came up.  Though not "fond" of neck bites, I knew my
`70s collection of "turtle-necks" should never have gone into the
garbage can, as MaryLou really "destroyed" my neck for me, as I
pumped into her.  The "pain" of the suction was "exquisite", and
in the heat of passion, there's simply no-way you're going to say
"no" when it's that good.  We fucked like our lives depended on it,
and I pumped more sperm into MaryLou than most men will pump in 
six-months, in one evening.  I don't recall taking my cock out of
her, until I had to get-up, and get ready for work....as we dozed
"connected" with me inside her, holding onto each-other so tightly
as if to say: "listen, you can't go anywhere."  Unfortunately, I
did have to leave in the morning, and when I locked the door to go,
I could see her sleeping peacefully in my bed, where I'd left her.

     The next day was a "disaster" for both of us.  As we weren't
supposed to "do what we'd done", it made for some awkward moments
when her boyfriend came over to get her after work that afternoon.
Seeing her getting on tippy-toes to kiss him, I felt like a first-
class "fool" for doing what I'd done.  I knew if he asked me, I'd
have to tell him the truth, and that'd be the end of our "friend-
ship", but he never asked.

     I drove MaryLou back to the airport when it was time for her
to leave.  We didn't say much, just "held hands" the entire way
back to the airport in Miami.  At the departure gate, just as the
last boarding was announced, she turned, ran back to me, hugged me
ever-so-tightly, and then ran to get on the plane.  I don't remember
much about the drive back to Key West after that.  My brain wasn't
working very well.  I never saw her again after that visit, and
I suspect that I probably never will.

THE END


