 
Teaching Mary Anne 4: Down Mary Anne's Throat
 
AUTHORS COMMENT: Parts 4-6 get progressively heavier into
submission; domination; humiliation. Consent lines blurred.
Politically incorrect. Don't do this. No means no.
 
For Wanking and Catharsis value only.
 
Written in 1992 by Heironymus For Free Distribution to all
Humankind Please do not edit or sell for profit.
 
***
 
     "Would you like me to try to deep throat you, like in the
movies?" Mary Anne asked softly. My cock immediate surged with
blood, as I traced my finger along her lower lip. So beautiful.
     "Yes. That would be nice."
     "Okay. I'm not sure I can do it." She kneeled down between my
legs on the bed, letting her cool, silky blonde hair fall around
my penis. She rubbed it against my balls with both hands, as she
flicked the tip of my cock with her tongue.
     "Don't go nuts on me now, like the first time you fucked my
ass, okay?" She looked up at me pensively. Her small breasts hung
down, as she supported herself on her elbows. The twin globes of
her ass rose up behind her in a delicious double arc. I was seized
with the desire to mount her from behind, to drive her face into
the sheets as I pulled her ass to my pelvis.
     Maybe later.
     "Okay." I said. My cock was fully erect, straining up at her.
A glistening pearl of fluid ran from the tip.
     She began to suck it, taking it deeper and deeper with every
stroke, a look of total concentration contorting her pretty face.
Try as she may, she couldn't do it, couldn't relax her throat
muscles. My eight inches bottomed out about two thirds of the way
down, butting against her slick glottis.
     She pulled it out. "I cant..."
     I thrust it back into her mouth, caressing her hair and face.
"Breath through your nose." I gripped her head with both hands,
and forced it slowly, oh so slowly, down onto my cock. She'd asked
for it.
     There was muffled snort, and I felt it slip into her
esophagus.
     "Good, baby."
     I began to lift her head up and down as I rocked my pelvis
back and forth. Each stroke produced a sudden gasp of air through
her nostrils. Looking down, I could see her eyes were closed
tightly. I sped up the pace, fucking her head wantonly, forcing
myself all the way down her throat with each jab.
     She was gagging now, but I didn't care. I could feel the
muscles, rippling on my cock, her lips quivering in my public
hair. I held her there, my cock completely buried, with both hands
on her head, while the cum surged in my balls.
     She began to push gently against my abdomen, gurgling.
     I looked down at her struggling white form, her face
contorted with the effort to breath, and felt myself begin to cum.
Her eyes rolled up to look at me imploringly.
     I pulled it out, squirting copiously, my cock drizzling
thick, esophageal mucous. Mary Anne jerked back, but I held her
head, and my cock shot out gout after gout of thick white cum,
splattering against her face, running down her cheeks. I rubbed my
dick around, smearing the jism over her face, as she looked up at
me, tears in her eyes.
     Her mouth hung open in a slick pout, a thick rope of saliva
mixed with cum drooling from her lower lip. She wiped it off with
the back of her hand, breathing heavily.
     She gagged , bringing up another gob of jism.
     "Jesus, Jake, I couldn't breath." Her face was a mask of
betrayal, tinged slightly with fear. And something else. I knew,
deep down, that she liked being treated like this, that it
fulfilled some deep seated need. She'd admitted it, a couple of
times.
     A pearl of cum dripped lazily from the corner of her mouth
down her cheek.
     "It felt good, though." I reached down and caressed her face,
tracing my fingertips through the thin layer of sticky cum. Her
ass was still high in the air, an inviting target. My cock bobbed
at the sight of it. I was still hard as a rock. The thought of
what I'd done to her was still warm in my mind. "You know, I think
I need to come some more."
     Mary Anne sighed. "Oh." She said. She laid her face down
against the pillow, spreading her legs slightly. "Up my ass, I
guess?" She said quietly.
     I slipped out of bed, walking around until I was standing
behind her. Her ass was so large, white, perfect. I caressed its
smoothness, as I traced a line from her cunt to her puckered
asshole with my cock.
     "That's right dear," I whispered . "Up your round, lovely
ass."
     Mary Anne nodded and buried her face in the pillows, bracing
herself. Her legs trembled a bit, as I rubbed my dick back and
forth over the tiny hole.
     "You ready? No screaming now." I pushed my still over
sensitive cockhead into her pucker a quarter inch, like a
carpenter starting a nail in hard wood.
     "Okay. Don't do it too hard, okay?" Mary Anne said it with a
sob in her throat.
     She always said that. If anything, it made me do her harder,
and I think she knew that. Laughing, I grabbed her ass in both
hands as her sphincter tightened around the tip of my cock, hard.
     I forced my dick all the way in, in one long slow thrust,
causing a muffled groan to escape into the pillow.
     "Please," She moaned, "Please, not so hard, Please..."
     Every whimper seemed to make my cock longer, and harder. I
plunged it home, again and again, savagely.
     Mary Anne began to cry. The sound tore at me, churning my
emotions, awakening a sick feeling, but only enflaming my lust.
Grunting, I sped up the pace, my cock flashing in and out quickly,
cleanly. I shifted my grip on her ass, noticing without caring the
pink fingertip bruises blossoming in the soft white flesh.
     "Take it, slut!"
     I ground my pelvic bone against her ass, wiggling my cock in
her bowels. "Take it, good. Good girl."
     I pulled free as I began to cum, and pushed hard on one
fleshly hip, flipping Mary Anne onto her back. Crawling on top of
her, I shoved my cock towards her face.
     "Finish it."
     She made a face and took the head of my cock in her mouth,
her neck craned to take it smoothly, her nose and eyes red from
crying. I held the back of her head, fucking her face briefly
before pulling free.
     I mauled her little breasts, trying to get them around my
cock, but it was hopeless, they were just too small. Pretty
though. I twisted each nipple as I lifted her breasts, pulling
them into taut cones. I held them that way as she suckled on the
head of my cock.
     "Gotta snack for my little girl..."
     The orgasm exploded like a grenade in my pelvis, and I
wouldn't have been surprised to see blood squirting from the tip
of my cock, but this ejaculate was thin, white, and lightning
fast. This time, the cum caught her unaware, jetting up her nose.
She jerked as if struck by a bullet. I reached down, and jerked it
once, launching a thick wad into her right eye, eliciting another
flinch.
     "Yeah," My dick throbbed in time with my heartbeat, the
orgasm so intense that I couldn't tell if I was breathing. "Yes."
She flicked her tongue over the tip, teasing the cum into a thin
strand, then sucking it into her mouth, and swallowing it.
     "Yes"
     She looked up at me, fear and love mingling in her tear
filled eyes. Cum drizzled slowly down her forehead, from her nose,
from the corner of one eye.
     I'd humiliated her utterly. And loved it.
     "Good girl."
     She hugged me tightly, her small breasts pressing hotly
against my sweaty chest. "Anything. I'll do anything. " The words
were a barely coherent whisper. "I love you."
     It was exactly what I'd wanted to hear.
 
 ***
 
 
 
     Teaching Mary Anne 4:  Double Trouble
 
 
 
     "So you're getting off now, huh?" Mary Anne had done the hit
only an hour before, but I could tell by the light in her eyes
that things were beginning to seem a little strange for her.
     "Things look different." She ran her hands through her long
blond hair and smiled. "I feel good, though."
     "That's great." I felt a little trepidation about her taking
the drug. Of course, it was her right. I'd taken a lot of the
stuff when I was her age, after all.
     "What would you like to do?" I asked.
     She giggled, and ran her hands over my chest, rubbing my
nipples through the fabric of my shirt.
     "Gee," She said, staring down at the bulge in my pants. "I
don't know."
     "Wanna watcha a porno tape?" Jed was still downstairs, I
knew, not wanting to drive back to his apartment tripping.
Perversely, I wanted to see the tape I'd rented with both of them.
I liked the thought of all of us watching the raunchyness
together.  We went downstairs .
     "Hi, Jed." Mary Anne stood with her hands behind her back,
her pert breasts thrust forward, her nipples poking brightly
through the thin yellow fabric of her tank top. "We're going to
watch a movie." She laughed, swaying her head. Her hands were on
her hips, playing with the waistband of her shorts. Jed smiled
evily at her.
     "Really?" He said. "Not the one you're pervert boyfriend
rented?
     Mary Anne smiled at me. "Pervert"
     At that, I walked over and popped the cassette in the
machine. I took a seat beside Mary Anne on the couch, as Jed sat
in the easy chair beside the TV.
     "So, now we have to sit through the lame plot to get to the
sex, huh?" Jed said. "I don't know why they bother."
     I hit the button on the remote. "Neither do I. That's why I
rented this. Its a compilation tape. Nothing but sex." The credits
flashed up on the screen, cheap bitmapped characters. "The girls
of double penetration." Mary Anne was nestled back against the
cushions, her hands resting on her smooth thighs. She had very
little body hair, and what she had was so silky and fine as to be
almost unnoticeable. I liked that.
     "Double penetration?" Mary Anne said. "Is that..."
     She quieted as the scene cut to the image of a man with an
enormous penis, thrusting into the slightly chunky, deeply tanned
woman straddling him. He'd continued pumping as she turned to face
him. Her ass hovered in the air as she rode his cock up and down,
her asshole an inviting target.
     It wasn't ignored by the well hung black man standing beside
the pair. He began to stroke his semi rigid cock, caressing the
woman's ass as he did so. He worked one finger into her anus.
"Ohh, baby, you know where you're going to get it..."
     Jed snorted. I watched Mary Anne, her eyes wide, pupils
dilated. She'd practically fallen into the screen. Her hands
traced circles on her thighs as she watched the tape.
     My cock began to harden as the black man positioned himself
above the woman, rubbing his enormous member over her tight anus.
     "How can she do it" Mary Anne murmured.  She should know, of
course. We'd started having anal sex the previous month, and had
performed the act almost obsessively for several weekends. She
came like crazy with it up her ass, the only time she'd ever come
while I fucked her. It used to take an hour of cunnilingus to
bring her off. Fifteen minutes up the ass, though, and she came
like a racehorse.
     There was a closeup of the tip of the black cock, slowly
violating the woman's butt, and a wail of female ecstasy tinged
with pain, as he slid it home. The shot widened to show the two of
them sawing away at her. As one went in, the other went out, back
and forth.
     Mary Anne reached out and began to stroke my cock through my
shorts, never taking her eyes from the screen, having forgotten
Jed entirely. Her other hand had slipped into her own pants, I
noticed, and her nipples were now fully erect, poking through the
thin fabric . I tugged one shoulder strap of her tank top down,
freeing the small white breast. I licked my finger and slowly
circled the tightening  pink nipple.
     I saw Jed watching us out of the corner of my eye.
     The black man on top was now thrusting savagely, pulling out
and flashing back in, quickly. His dick seemed to have gotten even
larger. He didn't have the slightly bored expression of most porno
stars. He was into it, sweating profusely. The woman rocked back
and forth on her knees, shoving the thick black shaft into her
glistening ass. She looked like a woman giving birth, her face
contorted with some unbearable emotion.
     Mary Anne worked my cock out of the leg hole of my shorts and
started to jerk me off, with a circle of thumb and forefinger,
smearing the fluid drizzling from the tip over the length of the
shaft.
     "Ohhh, baby, I'm gonna do it." The black man tilted back his
head as he jerked himself free. A thick gout of cum shot out over
the woman's back, and then another, and another. Mary Anne's
breath faltered. The black man roughly spread the blondes cheeks
as he squirted his seed over the exposed pink of her gaping
asshole.
     Then he slid it back in.
     Jed was watching us openly now. I met his eye, glanced at the
growing lump in his jeans, and nodded my agreement. An unspoken
message passed between us.  The scene ended, and Mary Anne looked
up, astonished to find Jed looking at us.
     "Hi Jed." She said, unevenly as she reached for the strap to
her shirt, attempting to cover her breast. I held her hand on my
cock, which was now rock hard, pointed at the ceiling. "Don't
stop." I said, squeezing her nipple tightly, eliciting a nervous
shiver.
     Jed stood slowly and walked towards us, a hard bulge pushing
at the front of his jeans as he unzipped inches from Mary Anne's
face. She looked scared. Jed's thick cock popped free from his
underwear. "You like?" he whispered huskily.
     "Suck it." I told her. "Go on."
     After a brief, unbelieving look at me, she took the head in
her mouth, and began to suck.  She worked the shaft with one
hands, as she massaged his balls with the other. I'd taught her
how to do that when she was sixteen, and as far I knew, I'd been
the only man she'd done it to. Until now.
     I gently moved her off the sofa, onto her knees before Ed,
and pulled off my own shorts, trembling with excitement. I
stripped my shorts off quickly. My cock was enormous.
     "Now me." She looked up at me dazedly, but quickly nodded and
took me in her mouth. "Keep jerking him off." I said sharply. She
grabbed Jed's cock and began to stroke it in time with her mouth
movements on my dick. "Good girl. Good girl."
     "What do you think." I smiled at Jed.
     Jed grinned back. "I want her ass."
     "No. "I said. "Well... Maybe after I'm done with it."
     Mary Anne stopped, looked up at both of us, the tip of each
of our cocks resting on either cheek. "What..." She said. Her
pupils were fully dilated now. She was tripping her brains out.
     "Keep sucking, okay honey?"  She nodded. "Okay." She said,
and began slurping on first my cock, and then Ed's, quickly going
back and forth between them.
     Jed pulled free and lay down on the sofa, his cock sticking
straight up. Mary Anne shuffled the short distance on her knees,
and starting sucking him again.
     I gently pulled her shorts down around her knees. Her ass was
beautiful, large but very firm and round. I reached under and
flicked her clitoris with one finger, snaking another up her cunt.
It was very wet. I mounted her from behind, sliding it in to her
dripping pussy to the hilt.
     Mary Anne made a sound, muffled by Jed's cock in her mouth. I
began to fuck her slowly, my hands digging into the soft flesh of
her ass. I began to go faster, and faster, slapping into her butt
each time, watching the ripples in her milky flesh. She was
slippery as hell, wet, accepting my cock easily with every surge
of flesh.
     Mary Anne bobbed her head faster and faster on Jed's cock.
     "Not so fast," Jed breathed, "Or I'm gonna squirt in your
mouth."
     "Don't you want to?" Mary Anne asked. "I can swallow it all,
if you want. I swallow Jake's cum a lot." She giggled. "And he
cums a lot, too..."
     "Not yet. You're boyfriend's making a hog of himself back
there."
     I withdrew from her  dripping snatch, my cock so hard it
hurt. It seemed to be about an inch longer than usual, the head
glistening purple.
     "Be my guest, Jed." I got up unsteadily and walked around to
drop into the still warm sofa recently  vacated. Jed got down on
his knees behind Mary Anne.
     The young girl fell on my cock, sucking hard. Then Jed
entered her from behind.
     "What..." The drug had confused her again. She looked over
her shoulder, and Jed grinned evily, and sped up the pace. Her ass
shook with every penetration.
     I rubbed my cock against one cheek. "Don't stop, honey."
     "Oh," she said, and began to give my dick the lollipop
treatment, licking it like a piece of candy, looking me in the
eyes as she did. An old sex game. But now, every time Jed slammed
home, she surged forward, my cock slapping against her lips. She
took it deeper and deeper into her mouth as Jed plowed into her
from behind.
     I couldn't stand it anymore. I stopped her with one hand in
her silky hair. She looked up at me, saliva drooling from her
perfect chin. "Lets both do her," I said, looking up at Jed. "Ed,
go lie down." Jed reluctantly let go of Mary Anne's ass, but did
as he was told. His cock stood straight up, supported by one hand.
     I led Mary Anne to where Jed lay. "Now, you're going to fuck
Ed," I said patiently, as she swayed over to where Jed lay
waiting, "Like this." I helped her position herself over Jed's
dick.
     "Now, just get on your hands and knees." She did so, hovering
above Jed's rigid prick. Jed reached his arms around her hips, and
pulled her down, impaling her deeply. She sighed as his member
sunk into her hot, wet cunt.
     Mary Anne, eyes closed, began to rock back and forth on her
knees Her ass was totally exposed to me, her anus a tight pink
circle. I spit into my hand, and rubbed the opening with gradually
increasing firmness.
     When I slipped one finger in, Mary Anne gasped and stopped
moving, but after  moment, resumed her rocking. The I slipped in
another finger. I could feel Jed's cock in her, rubbing back and
forth across the thin membrane that separated us.
     "That feels good," Mary Anne whispered.
     I squatted, my erection poised over her pink bunghole. I
thrust forward, bringing myself in contact with the hot, slick
orifice.
     "Ooooohhhh," Mary Anne moaned. She stopped rocking. "What,
what's happening?" She looked down at Jed in confusion, and then
over one shoulder at me, her pupils opened as wide as he ass would
soon be. "What are you doing?"
     "Fucking your ass, honey," I said huskily. I pressed forward,
feeling her asshole give way as I stared into her eyes.  My
fingers sunk into the soft flesh of her hips, as I held her fast,
working the head of my cock past the tight sphincter. She bit her
lower lip as I slid into her tightness, her eyebrows furrowed. I
sunk into her, inch by inch. I could feel Jed's cock, rockhard,
inside her cunt.
     "Ohh." She said. "Not so deep." The corner's of her mouth
turned up in a dreamy half smile, making a lie of her words. I
pushed harder, and deeper into the tight warmth, until my balls
were slapping in her crotch. Jed began to thrust upwards, in
short, fast jabs, and I could feel him sliding inside her.
     "Do it." I said. "Fuck the shit out of her."
     Mary Anne let out a little excited whimper.
     Jed grunted, and sped up the pace.
     "Ohhhhhh..." Mary Anne moaned, her eyes rolling back in her
head. "Ow."
     "Bad girl," I breathed, sliding in and out of her ass quickly
and cleanly. Mary Anne reached back and spread her cheeks with
both hands, offering  me a magnificent view of my cock plunging
into her bowels. "Deeper." She whispered. "Please?"
     I began to ram it harder and harder home. Our movements fell
into sync, as we both surged forward.  I held her hips tightly,
maximizing the deepness of the thrust.  I slapped one buttock,
hard, bringing up a bright pink hand print.
     "Yes." she said. "Yes.
     I stopped just before cumming, pulling it free. Jed's cock
kept right on churning away.
     "Don't stop." Mary Anne cooed. "put it in." She spread her
cheeks, her pink  asshole quivering wetly. "Please."
     "Ed, you got to try this."
     Jed smiled. "Don't mind if do."
     "Somebody put in my ass," Mary Anne whispered, her face
buried in the sofa, her ass split wide with both hands. "You're
going to like this Jed." I whispered.
     Jed grunted as he moved behind her while I knelt before her.
My cock was truly monstrous, bloated purple, slick with mucous. I
grabbed her hair, pulling her head up from the pillow.
     "Do it." I cried. Jed wiped the sweat from his face, holding
his cock with one hand, rubbing it over Mary Anne's tender
opening. He poked it in slightly. Mary Anne made a low, animal
grunting sound.
     "Jesus, Jake," Jed said, "She's tripping her brains out."
     She turned her head, looking Jed in the eye pleadingly.
"Please put it in my but," she whimpered. She looked up at me. "I
love it."
     "You heard the girl,"
     Jed nodded, and pushed his dick in. Mary Anne made a loud
moaning sound, as her eyes rolled back in her head. I watched
Jed's cock slowly disappear between her ass cheeks. Jed smiled.
"Tight."
     In pure animal abandon, I grabbed her head in both hands, and
forced my cock into her mouth and down her throat. Jed was riding
her from behind, clutching the flesh of her ass tightly with both
hands as he fucked her savagely, his eyes squeezed shut in
ecstasy. I jammed her head back and forth on my cock, fucking her
face as she snorted for breath. Her nails raked my buttocks, one
finger finding my asshole, which she began to roughly probe.
Finally, I pulled my cock free.
     Mary Anne sputtered and coughed for few moments, before
grabbing my cock and  jerking it off quickly, stroking its length
with thumb and forefinger, her mouth hanging open in a slick pout.
     "Do it. You're gonna get it, girl. You want come?"
     She looked up at me imploringly. "Please?"
     I climaxed explosively, painfully, sending geysers of cum
splattering into her face. Thick white streams sprayed up onto her
forehead, into her nose and eye's, as she jerked her face back
involuntarily from the impact, moaning.  I looked down at her,
shame washing over me with the pleasure. She would be furious at
me when she came down. At the moment, I didn't care.
     Her face was coated, dripping streamers of thick white goo.
She looked over one shoulder at Ed, smiling as she licked cum from
her upper lip.
     The sight of the young girl, her face dripping  with my cum,
sent Jed over the brink. His fingers bit into her skin as he
pounded into her, the flesh of her ass rippling in rapid waves.
     "Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh," he held her tightly as he pumped into
her, releasing the flood of jism deep in her ass. Mary Anne
sighed, wiggling slightly as Jed spasmed in orgasm. He wiped the
sweat from his forehead, his dick slipping free.
     "Christ!"
     Mary Anne rolled onto her back, eyes closed, holding her
thighs tightly to her chest. The cum on her face had become a
translucent sheen. One hand stole down to her ass, caressing, as
she slipped one finger after another into her throbbing pink
pucker. The other hand flicked at her clit.
     "More," She whispered.
     "More?"
      She smiled evily at both of us, running her hands up and
down her body, cupping her breasts, tweaking her nipples.
      I grinned back at her. She'd get more, all right. She'd get
more
.. _________________________________
 
