Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.





"Mary Finds A Video"

Written by: (Double Secret Author)


	Mary McIntyre  put the video that  she had found at school in the VCR and 
sat down to watch it.  It was called "Debby Loves Her Daddy", and the cute eleven 
year old wondered what it would be about.  She watched as the video began.

	A slender dark haired girl about  ten years old came into the picture, sat 
down on the bed and smiled at the camera as she took off her shoes and socks. 
When she lifted her leg to undo the buckle of her shoe her skirt lifted and the 
camera could see underneath it.  Mary wondered why the camera was looking up 
under the girl's skirt. She could see all the way up to the girl's white underpants! It 
made her feel  funny, and she kept watching as the little girl lay back on the bed 
and lifted her knees up. Now her skirt  fell around her waist, and her underpants 
were out in the open.  She let her legs flop to either side, and her underpants were 
stretched tight over the bump in between her legs. 

	Mary watched, fascinated as the camera closed in on the girl's crotch and 
showed her crack showing through the thin underpants. The girl ran both hands 
over her underpants and rubbed her crotch through them, then slipped a hand 
down the front  and Mary could tell she was touching the crack because of the way 
the bulge of her hand moved. The fourth grader was confused. She knew this 
wasn't the sort of video she should be watching, but it made her feel strange and 
naughty in between her legs to watch the little girl. She knew how it felt to touch 
herself in between her legs like the little girl was doing, because she did it almost 
every night when she was in bed. Now her legs opened a little, and she pressed 
her hand against the part that was tingling as she watched the little girl play with 
herself. 

	The girl  pulled off her underpants and Mary gasped as she could see the 
girl's naked cunny slit, just as smooth and hairless as her own. She spread her 
legs again and lay still, holding her cunny slit open as the camera came so close 
all Mary could see was the hole in the middle of her slit, with the red inside part 
pulsing and moving inside her. She poked a finger into the hole and wiggled it 
around inside it, spreading the opening a little more, and then the camera moved 
back as the girl began masturbating with both hands, fiddling with her clitoris at the 
same time as she fingered her hole. She lifted up and spread her ass cheeks, 
exposing her bottom hole and Mary watched as it puckered and twitched.  The girl 
licked a finger and pressed it against her ass hole, and Mary watched as the girl’s 
hole opened and her finger sank into it.

	Mary slipped her hand under her skirt and touched her  underpants over her  
cunny.  They were wet, and her cunny felt all tingly when she pressed her hand 
against it. and  when she felt it she found it was wet with her juices,  especially by 
her cunny hole. She pulled off her underwear and lay back on the couch like the 
little girl was, with her skirt up around her waist and her legs wide apart, and played 
with her cunny while she watched. This was better than her imagination!

	The little girl in the video rubbed her clitoris with one finger while she poked 
the middle finger of the other hand in and out of her cunny hole. Then she picked 
up a flesh-coloured cylinder about six inches long, licked the end and slipped it into 
the entrance to her vagina, wiggling it around and back and forth as she gradually 
sank it in and up her cunny hole.  The fat outer lips were spread apart and opened 
up by the thickness of the thing. Mary wondered what it was, and how such a large 
thing could go up the little girl's hole. When the cylinder was all the way in, the little 
girl thrust it in and out , moving her hips up and down as she did so. Mary found her 
own hole with one finger and gently inserted it, then a second. It felt nice, and the 
hole seemed to open up more and stretch when she put her fingers in. 	

	The camera moved back as a man of about thirty came into the room. He 
was wearing a housecoat, and came and stood alongside the little girl, who smiled 
up at him while she continued to make the thing go in and out of her cunny. She 
reached up with her free hand and pressed it against the front of his housecoat, 
over his crotch, and smiled at him again as she undid the belt of his housecoat and 
let it fall open. Mary gasped as she saw what the little girl had found, for she had 
only ever glimpsed her father's, and it hadn't looked like this! This one wasn't 
floppy and small, it was stiff and long and stuck out and up in front of him. The girl in 
the video touched it and rubbed it, and fondled the big balls that hung down below 
it. 

	The man reached for the thing the little girl had in her hole and stroked it in 
and out of her while she played with him.  He slipped off his housecoat and 
climbed onto the bed with her, and she took off the rest of her clothes so they were 
both naked. Mary noticed that the girl's nipples were puffy and swollen, just like her 
own had started to get. Mary touched her nipples lightly and liked the funny feeling 
it gave her. The girl in the video lay down again and the man knelt beside her 
head, still moving the thing in and out of her cunny, and she moved her hands up 
and down the big long hard thing, then drew it to her mouth and licked the  big 
purple end. Mary was astonished, but it made her feel even funnier, and she 
masturbated faster while the girl in the video put the end of the man's thing in her 
mouth and began sucking on it. She put more and more in her mouth, and moved 
her head back and forth on it, while the man helped her by guiding her head's 
movements with his free hand. Mary wonder why  she was doing this, and even 
more she wondered what it would taste like. Did her Daddy's thing get all hard and 
long like this? Would he let her play with it? Would he like her to put it in her mouth 
like the girl in the video? Mary masturbated faster at the lovely thoughts. This really 
was a special video, and it made her little cunny feel so nice when she rubbed it  
while she watched.  

	Now the man removed the thing from the little girl's cunny, and held her fat 
lips apart to show  her open hole in between them. He put his head down by her 
cunny and began licking all over it, making it all shiny and wet. Mary's cunny 
tingled as she wondered what it would feel like to have someone lick  her there. 
After a few minutes the man lay down and the little girl sat astride him and rubbed 
his hard thing up and down her crack. Mary could see the big bulby head of it 
slipping inside the girl's puffy cunny lips and  stretching them as it went up and 
down in between them. It was rubbing all the nice places that she was rubbing with 
her fingers.  

	Then the little girl lifted up a little, moved forward and put the end of the 
man's thing at the entrance to her hole! Mary wondered why she would do this, but 
the girl moved forward and down and gradually  her  body sank down around the 
man's thing, until it was all inside her. She smiled at the man again, and then they 
began moving so the thing came almost all the way out, but not quite, and then 
went all the way back in again. Mary noticed that it made the lips of the girl's cunny 
stretch and separate, just like the cylinder that the girl had been pushing into her 
cunny hole. 

	The camera took pictures of the man's thing going in and out of the girl’s 
hole from a lot of different angles, some really close up. They changed their 
positions so that  the girl was lying down and the man was on top of her . After a 
few minutes their movements got faster and faster, and suddenly the man pulled 
his thing out of the little girl and moved farther up her body so his thing was over 
her chest. He was moving his hand back and forth on his thing, just like the little girl 
had been, and as Mary watched a jet of a thick white liquid squirted out of the hole 
in the end of it and landed on the little girl's chest by her tittie bumps. Another shot 
out, then another and another, and she bent her head forward and  he leaned 
further forward and held the end in front of her open mouth so the spurts of stuff 
shot straight into her mouth. Mary wondered what it was. The little girl seemed to 
like it, because she smacked her lips and put the end of the man's thing in her 
mouth as if to suck more out. Mary was so busy watching the video and playing 
with her horny little cunny that she didn't hear the back door open. Her father was 
home early from the office.

	Jack McIntyre  looked through the kitchen door into the living room. Then he 
looked again, because he couldn't believe he had seen right. His eleven year old 
daughter was sitting on the couch, her underwear around one foot, and her legs 
spread wide apart and wedged up on the couch cushions so that her bare crotch 
was spread wide open. She wasn't quite facing him, and obviously hadn't seen 
him, as she seemed fascinated with something she was watching on the TV.  And 
while she watched, she was playing with her little bare hairless cunny with both 
hands. Jack watched his daughter putting a finger up her cunny hole while she 
rubbed her little clitty with the other hand, her slim bum thrusting up and down as 
she moved her finger in and out of her cunny. He had never thought of his little girl 
in a sexy way before, but seeing her playing with her little slit made his cock 
harden. 

	He slipped around to the other door of the living room so he could see what 
she was watching on the TV. When he saw the TV screen  his cock got even 
harder. His little girl was watching a dirty video, and it must have made her horny, 
because she was masturbating while she watched it! He couldn't decide which to 
watch - the video, or his little fourth grader rubbing her fat little hairless cunny lips. 
He slipped around to the kitchen door again, coughed to let her know he was there 
and entered the room. 

	Little Mary had heard her father cough and quickly pulled her skirt down, 
took her hands out from under it and stopped the video. She wondered if he had 
seen what she was doing, but she was still very horny and pressed her hand 
against her crotch as her Daddy sat down beside her. He saw her, but pretended 
not to notice. "Can I sit on your lap, Daddy?" asked Mary, climbing up on him. 
"Sure, honey," replied her father, settling her slim bum into position next to his 
throbbing cock, "My little girl can do anything she wants with her Daddy." 

	Mary kissed him and rubbed her tender puffy nipples into his chest because 
it felt so good. "Ooo, Daddy, that feels nice," she sighed, squirming against him 
some more. She felt her thigh pressing against  a lump in his lap and wondered if it 
was her Daddy's big stiff thing like the man's in the video. She decided to change 
her position so she could feel it better, and swung a leg over his lap so she was 
sitting facing him, her legs spread one on either side of him, and cuddled forward 
so she could rub her nipples on his hard chest some more. The bump between his 
legs poked into the place between hers, and she rubbed herself up and down 
against him. 

	The little fourth grader didn't know what felt better - her little puffy nipples, or 
the place between her legs. Jack held onto her slim bum, pulled her forward,  and 
moved her hips up and down, helping her rub against his cock. Mary's short skirt 
rode farther and farther up, and soon it was up around her waist. Her father  eased 
her back a little, looked down at his little girl and said, "Why Mary McIntyre! Where 
are your underpants? I can see your little bare naked trickle, all spread open wide.  
You've got all nice places inside it. And it's all wet," he added, touching her on the 
deep pink crack between the halves of her vulva.

	 "Oooo, Daddy! That feels nice," sighed Mary, as her father explored in 
between her legs. "Does it honey? Do you like the way I'm touching your little 
trickle?" Mary nodded as he asked, "Do you like to play with your trickle yourself? 
Will you show your Daddy how you like to touch yourself in between your legs?" 
Mary nodded again and showed her father how she fondled herself. "Does that feel 
nice, honey?" he asked as she masturbated for him. "Oooo, yes! It feels even nicer 
when you watch me do it, Daddy!"  She looked down at the lump in his crotch. "Can 
I see inside your underpants, Daddy?" she asked shyly. Jack nodded and 
suggested she undo his pants herself. 

	The little girl undid his belt and pulled his zipper down, pulling his pants 
down partway and giggling at the huge bulge in his white underwear. She took a 
deep breath and pulled his underwear down from around her father's penis, 
exposing his erection which swayed out towards her. "Oh, Daddy," she blurted, "It’s 
so big! It's even bigger than the man in the video!" "Were you watching a naughty 
video?" asked her father with a twinkle in his voice. "Oh, yes, Daddy, I found it at 
school and it's all about a little girl and her Daddy. She played with her trickle and 
then she played with her Daddy's big hard thing like this and then she put it in her 
mouth and sucked on it and then he licked her right on her trickle, Daddy! And then 
she put his hard thing in her trickle and they made it go in and out of her hole in her 
trickle and then they took it out and the man rubbed it up and down and some white 
stuff squirted out the hole in the end and he made it go in her mouth and she drank 
it all Daddy and it made me feel all funny in between my legs and I rubbed my 
trickle because it felt so nice and then you came home. Can we do things like the 
girl and her Daddy in the video, Daddy? Please?" Jack laughed. "Sure we can, 
honey." 

	Jack McIntyre was glad to see that his young daughter was so horny. His 
wife and older daughter Tina had spent the week up at Mary's aunt's farm, and he 
and Mary were to go and spend the weekend there the next day, then they would 
all drive back together. He had had to watch dirty videos and masturbate when he 
got horny. Besides, they had thought that Mary was too young to join them in their 
games. Then Jack remembered that Tina had been just about Mary's age when he 
and his wife had caught the little girl masturbating. Jack chuckled as he thought 
back. Ten year old Tina had been lying on her bed, her eyes closed, her nightie up 
around her waist and her jerking, thrusting legs flung wide as she dug in between 
them with both hands. Jack and Donna heard the sounds coming from their little 
girl's room and went to see if something was wrong. 

	When they saw the child masturbating Jack was about to say something 
when they heard her mutter, "Oh Daddy, rub me some more, make it feel good, 
Daddy!" Jack's cock surged up under his housecoat, and Donna looked over and 
saw her husband's erection rising. She reached over and touched it, then put a 
finger to her lips and nodded at the fourth grader on the bed. Jack held onto his 
cock, and Donna slipped a hand inside the top of her nightie and fondled one of 
her large firm breasts while they watched their daughter playing with herself. 
Suddenly she had opened her eyes and seen her parents watching her, but she 
had seen that they were fondling their sex parts while they watched. Tina had 
smiled at Jack and asked him if he would show her his "pee thing" and if her 
mother would let her play with her big tits. Jack had an idea and they went into the 
family room and used his new video camera to make a video of the first time they 
had played naked games together. 

	Now Jack remembered about the video, and told Mary that he had a special 
surprise for her, a special video that they had made when her older sister Tina and 
her mother and he did special things for the first time. Mary clapped her hands with 
delight and he slipped the video into the machine while she took her clothes off. 
She bounced around naked and let her father look at her naked little body all he 
wanted to, then helped him take off his clothes. He lay down on the couch and 
Mary sat astride his thighs and facing him, her legs spread wide. The cute little 
fourth grader giggled as she sat on her handsome Daddy and used both hands to 
play with his big hard cock and that funny baggy thing that was underneath it. He 
rubbed his thumb past her little titty bumps and made her nipples get all hard and 
feel nice. "Ooo, Daddy," she sighed, pulling one of his big hands into the place in 
between her wide open legs, "That feels so nice! Touch me and play with me in 
between my legs while we watch the video!" The horny father cupped his little 
daughter's hairless cunny and let his middle finger sink into her crack, sliding it up 
and down past her clitoris and her cunny hole while she fondled his erect penis.  
He started the video and they watched the action on the screen. 

	"This is your bedroom, isn't it Daddy," said Mary, "Oh, here comes Tina!" The 
girl on the screen smiled at the camera and lifted the hem of her nightgown to show  
her naked cunny. Mary giggled as Tina pulled the nightie off over her head and 
stood naked. The camera slowly moved down the young girl's body from her cute 
face past her swollen nipples to her cunny, the hairless mound prominent and the 
lips fat and swollen either side of the child's slit. She lay down on the bed and 
spread her legs far to each side, and Mary giggled again and said, "I bet Tina 
learned to do the splits like that in Gym, Daddy. Wouldn't it be funny if we did our 
exercises in Gym class with no clothes on? We would look just like Tina does!" 
Jack thought how nice it would be to see a group of preteen girls doing their gym 
exercises, splits and somersaults and headstands, all naked. 

	On the screen Tina reached to her crotch and held her cunny halves open 
wide as the camera zoomed in on the child's hairless sex organs, then another pair 
of hands entered the picture and Mary giggled and said, "Oh look, that's Mummy, 
isn't it? Mummy's putting her finger in Tina's trickle hole while she holds it open!" 
The mother finger-fucked her daughter for a few minutes, and then leaned down 
and licked the little girl's vulva. "Oooo, she's licking it, Daddy!" squealed Mary. 
"Why is she doing that?" :"Because it makes Tina feel nice, honey," replied her 
father as the girl on the screen twitched and thrust her hips up towards her mother's 
lapping tongue. The camera closed in to show the girl's cunny hole wide open, 
glistening with her juices, and the tip of a tongue licking each small lip around it 
and dipping inside it. "Will you lick mine, Daddy, and make me feel nice like Tina?” 
asked Mary. "Sure, honey, I'd love to lick your little trickle hole, any time you want 
me to," replied her horny father. Mary turned back to the TV as the camera panned 
back and showed Tina lying on her back again, her legs spread, gently rubbing 
herself in between her legs. 

	"I know why she's doing that," said Mary confidently. "It makes her feel all 
nice and squooshy in between her legs. I was doing it when I was watching that 
video I found at school. Does Tina like doing it too?" "She sure does, honey," said 
the horny father, gently rubbing his fingers along his daughter's naked cunny slit, 
"And you can do it whenever you want to! I'll do it for you too, whenever you like.” 
"Oooo, that's nice!" sighed the little fourth grader and she spread her legs wider so 
her father could feel her in between her legs better. On the screen Tina looked up 
and beamed as the camera showed a man coming to stand beside the bed next to 
the young girl. "Is that you, Daddy?" asked Mary as she watched Tina smiling up at 
the man's unseen face and reach out to his trousers. "That's me, honey," replied 
the man as they watched the girl on the screen press her small hand against the 
bulge at the front of the man's trousers. 

	"That's your thing she's touching, isn't it Daddy," observed Mary, "Do you let 
her play with it like I  am?" as she squeezed her father's erection. "Sure, honey, any 
time she wants to she can play with it - and so can you." On the screen the girl 
unzipped her father's fly and reached her small hand into the gap, feeling around 
while she beamed up at him, and then reached up and into his pants with her other 
hand as well, tugging at something. She got up on her knees and half faced him, 
her legs spread wide showing her puffy cunny lips stretched apart, and undid his 
belt and the top button on his pants, pulling his pants down to his knees and 
revealing a pair of white underpants with something making them poke out towards 
her. Mary giggled as the girl pulled her father's underpants down to release his 
cock, which bounced and swayed out towards her. She put both small hands on 
the thick shaft and cupped them together around it, using both together to 
masturbate him. 

	"Is she going to do like the girl in the video, Daddy?" asked Mary. "What did 
the girl do?" her father asked. "She, um she did like Tina, she, um played with it, 
sort of, and then she put it in her mouth!" said the little girl, looking up at her father. 
"Well, not this first time, honey. Tina played with it but she didn't put it in her mouth 
till later. Now she always likes to suck on it," said her father. "She says it's like a 
nice big lollipop." Mary watched her sister change her grip on their father's cock, 
putting both hands on the shaft one above the other and moving them together up 
and down it. "Am I doing it right, Daddy?" asked Mary, copying what her sister was 
doing on the TV screen and stroking her father’s erection. "Oooo Daddy, your thing 
is so big around, I can't get my hands around it!"

	"Mmmm, yeah, honey, keep doing that, it feels nice!" muttered the horny 
man, his hips thrusting up to meet his little girl’s strokes. "I'm glad, Daddy, I want to 
make you feel all nice, because you're making me feel all nice touching me all over 
in between my legs. Is she going to make the stuff come out of his thing?" asked the 
fourth grader, keeping up her rhythmic hand motions. "Soon, honey," replied her 
father as they watched the girl on the TV screen's hands moving faster and the 
man's hips thrusting jerkily towards her. 

	Suddenly a thick stream of creamy liquid shot out of the end of his cock, 
hitting the little girl on her cheek. She pulled back in surprise, but kept up her 
stroking motions and the next glob splatted against her upper lip and drooled down 
into her partly-open mouth. Her tongue tip flicked out and touched the drop, a 
happy look came over her face and it looked like she was opening her mouth to 
say something when the next rope of creamy white squirted out of her father's cock 
and straight into her mouth. She looked startled again, then looked from her 
father's cock up at his face, smiled at him and leaned a little closer and opened her 
mouth wider. 

	The screen showed the man's big hand joining his daughter's on the thick 
shaft of his cock as he helped her masturbate him. She put her tongue out and the 
thick gouts of semen spurted and splashed onto it and into her mouth while she 
looked up at him. The creamy blobs slid back into her mouth as she reached her 
tongue tip up to lick the last of her father's cum off the end of his cock, and her 
throat worked and she gulped and swallowed it down, licking her lips and reaching 
for the last traces. "Gee, Daddy," exclaimed Mary, "Tina really got a lot in her mouth, 
didn't she! Do you always do that much stuff?"  "Most of the time," grunted her 
father, panting as he savoured the feelings his little daughter was producing in his 
cock. He wanted it to last as long as possible. "I wanna see it come out, Daddy,” 
said the little girl, "I wanna make it squirt like Tina did." 

	The young girl edged forward, still using both hands to masturbate her 
father,  till the tip of his cock was nudging her widely-stretched cunny. She lodged 
the thick purple head between the thick outer lips of her cunny and rubbed it up 
and down along her crack. "Ooo, that feels nice, Daddy! I like rubbing your big hard 
thing on my trickle!" The stimulation of his cockhead on his daughter's hairless 
cunny while she masturbated him was too much for the horny father to hold back 
any more,  and suddenly his hips jerked as he began to cum. "OOO, Daddy!" 
exclaimed little Mary, looking down at her crotch. "It's coming out! It's coming out!" 
Her father helped her masturbate him, she using her two small hands and he his 
one big one, as the thick streams of sticky semen poured from his cock. "Ooo, 
Daddy, it's all warm and goopy! It's doing it all over my trickle!" She had pulled 
back slightly when her father's cock had begun to squirt its load, and together they 
watched the creamy spurts splatting against her deep pink cunny gash and 
dribbling down to where his hand was still cupped under her crotch. As it splashed 
onto his thick fingers, he used them to rub it into his daughter's wide open cunny, 
coating all the deep pink part with the slippery stuff and lubricating her sex parts. 

	He slid his middle finger , coated with his semen, into the beginning of the 
child's vagina, watching as the inner lips clasped around it and seemed to suck it 
inside. Mary wriggled with pleasure and pushed herself forward as he tickled the 
inside of her immature cunny hole with his finger. "Ooo, Daddy, that feels nice! Put 
your finger more in my hole! she cried. The horny father slid his finger deeper 
inside the fourth grader's vagina, loving the warmth as she wiggled her legs with 
pleasure at the feeling. "It's like warm hand cream, Daddy!" said Mary, pumping the 
last of her father's cum out of his cock, and edging closer again so the last spurts 
would keep hitting her immature sex parts. 

	She rubbed the bulbous head of his cock around in the gooey mass of 
semen, using it to smear the stuff into all the places that felt nice while his finger 
soaked in her small cunny hole, gently thrusting in and out. Mary wriggled as she 
rubbed her father's still-hard cock against her small clitty. "It feels nice when I rub 
my bumpy part with your thing, Daddy," she reported, "Your cream makes it rub me 
even better!" The horny father watched as his eleven year old daughter used the 
thick purple head of his cock to rub his semen into her clitoris. "Unnh! Oh, that’s 
sooo niiice," she muttered, moving his cockhead in circles over her clitty and 
thrusting gently with her hips. The fourth grader's movements came faster, and her 
breathing quickened. Jack kept pace with his daughter's masturbation, thrusting his 
finger in and out of her tight warm vagina in time with the girl's masturbation of her 
clitty with his cockhead. 

	"Unnh, unnh, Unnh, UNNNH, UNNNNHHH!" she cried, her hips jerking 
forward as she reached her orgasm, cumming jerkily on her father's cockhead. 
Jack felt the child's vagina clasping and releasing, clasping and releasing on his 
finger, as her slick wetness poured out of his daughter's cunny hole. She 
shuddered with pleasure as the spasms kept coming, filling her slender body with 
intense feelings she had never had before, then slowly subsiding as she relaxed. 
Jack's cock softened now, his daughter releasing it now she had used it to 
masturbate with. She looked at him. "Oh wow, Daddy! When I rubbed your thing on 
my trickle it made me feel so good! I never felt like that before, ever ever!" 

	Jack smiled up at his daughter's face, half exhausted with cumming, half 
eager to know more. "Did you like it, honey?" he asked her. Mary nodded 
vigorously, her short straight black hair flipping back and forth. "Oh yeah! I liked it 
when your cream went all over my trickle while you put your finger up inside my 
hole, and I liked rubbing your thing on my bumpy part, and when we both did it 
together and I made your thing rub your cream into my bumpy part and you made 
your finger go in and out of my hole, that was the best! Can we do it some more?" 
She looked down at her father's cock, which had softened and was lying limply. 
"Oh, it's all little and soft, Daddy! How come it's like that? It's like it doesn't want me 
to play with it any more." Jack laughed. "It has to rest for a little, honey," he replied. 
"It got all tired from playing games with you, and specially from making the cream 
come out, and now it has to lie down and rest for awhile. But - tell you what - let's 
go and get some milk and cookies, and you can sit on my lap and pet it and cuddle 
it and I bet it won't be long before it wakes up and lets you have some more fun 
with it. How about that?" Mary clapped her hands with glee. "Oh goody, Daddy! And 
you can put your finger in my hole again and feel me all over and then when your 
thing wakes up we can do more stuff like in the videos. Can we make a video of 
you and me having fun, Daddy, like you did with Tina? Can we? And I can put your 
thing in my mouth and do other stuff like the girl in the video, can we Daddy?" 
"Sure," Jack replied, patting his little daughter's little bum as they went into the 
kitchen. "Anything you want, honey - but first, some milk and cookies!"



(The end - so far)


--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....