Archive-name: Bestial/maryanne.txt
Archive-author: The Taxman
Archive-title: Mary Anne


I watched as the small white van pulled into the yard.  The farrier
got out and took out a small tool kit and went into the barn while I
stared out the window from my living room on the second floor, some
thirty yards away from the barn across a rolling green paddock.  The
brown mare, Kaleigh, the brown thoroughbred, Will Bill, and the small
buff pony mare, aply named Buffy, all stood around and watched her
enter.  Her name, the farrier, was Mary Anne.  I had watched her like
this quite a number of times, and only a few times spoken to her.
She was a short girl, only 5'3'' or so, with dark slightly curly hair
and chocolate brown, wide eyes.  Her face was freckled, making her
look significantly younger than her 24 years, and all of her curves
were in the right places.

     I watched the horses prance around the barn at her arrival for
a while, slowly becoming stimulated as I watched.  Before I had even
realized it, I was heading out the door and down towards the barn
with only my sweatpants on.  The hot summer day was bright; not a
cloud to be seen anywhere.  As I approached the cool and relative
darkness of the barn, I could see Buffy's stall door open and one
of Mary Anne's feet stuck out from it as she worked on her shoes.
I picked a riding crop off the wall and stood there watching her
tight little ass move up and down as she worked on Buffy's foot.  I
was fully aroused at this point and the length of my hardness was
tenting out my sweatpants.  She didn't seem to notice that I was
there and continued to work.
     I slipped up behind her and looked down at her.  She was nearly
at a point between my legs, kneeling on the floor of the stall.  I
bent down and extended a hand towards her, hesitating but a moment
before running my hand between her slightly-parted legs and rubbing
it up along the center off her ass, pressing hard against her pants.
     She instantly turned around with a look of shock on her face
and shouted, "What are you doing?"
     I didn't even bother to reply.  I noticed that her eyes glanced
down at my stiff member, and I could tell she knew what I was about.
Her face looked a little bit more shocked as I grabbed her leather
belt and hauled her off the floor.  I stood in front of her with the
crop in one hand, slapping it gently against my leg for effect.
     "Take your clothes off," I said simply.
     I don't know if it is was my tone of voice or my mannerisms,
but she seemed to know I meant business and began removing her clothes.
She started with her shirt, which she slid off, revealing that she
was wearing no bra.  Her pert, big-aureoled breasts which were slightly
dark due to her Hispanic heritage stood out on her chest.  My eyes
strayed to them and then downward as she proceeded to unbuckle her
belt.  She seemed to think my downward glance meant that I was some-
how off guard, and she attempted to run.  I grabbed her arm and looked
at her sternly.
     "If that's the way it has to be," I said.
     I hauled her with me to one side of the barn and hooked one of
the leather straps around her wrist that is used to tie the horses down
so they don't move on you when you're working with them.  I made it
snug but not too tight, then walked her to the center of the barn and
grabbed the strap from the other side, which I applied to her free
arm.  She stood there motionless with her arms outstretched, only
able to move slightly, but she was obviously not in much pain, if
any.  I stood behind her and placed the crop on the floor, then pro-
ceeded to slide off her pants.  She had a very thin pair of pink
panties on, which I also took off and threw in a heap in Buffy's
stall.  Her tight ass cheeks were perfectly formed, and the dark
down of her love mound peeked from between her legs.  I looked at
her apprasingly for a few moments and then told her to get on her
knees, which she did instantly.
     I went into Buffy's stall and brought her out.  Mary Anne looked
back and forth between the horse and me.  I slowly backed Buffy up so
she was standing with her hind end right by Mary Anne's face.  I told
her to start licking.  Since Buffy was short and her rump was rather
tight together, I held her tail out of the way and her rump apart so
that Mary Anne could get in to lick her.  I watched, moaning, was she
began with her tongue on the horse's love hole.  She couldn't get in
too close, but it allowed me to see her tender pink tongue darting
between the mare's velvetty pink vaginal lips.  As Mary Anne worked
I could see that she was beginning to enjoy it.  I told her that was
enough and she pulled her head back.  Just as I was about to lead
Buffy away I felt the mare give a small shudder, and then I heard a
long, steady sound as she emptied her bladder on Mary Anne's stomach,
the thick, yellow stream coursed down over her abdoment and legs and
onto the floor.  Mary Anne just sat there in schock and didn't
attempt to move or say anything.  I led Buffy away and brought out
Wild Bill, the thoroughbred stallion.
    As I brought Wild Bill up to her, Mary Anne had already guessed
what I expected of her and begin to massage his sheath with one hand,
taking his huge sack in the other.  While she was doing that I put
the crop away, figuring I wouldn't be needing it, and proceeded to
slip my sweatpants and underwear off.  I stood before Mary Anne
naked, but she was too involved with licking the newly-emerged head
of Wild Bill's cock to do much else.  I begian to stroke myself as
I watched Mary Anne's licking and fingering tactics bringing Wild
Bill completely out of containment.  His member extended fully, and
Mary Anne quickly gobbled up as much of it as she could.
     She stroked the base of it with one hand as she took in most
of the rest of it into her mouth.  She began to suck and lick on it
fitfully so that Bill began to sway a little bit, his bag lightly
slapping against Mary Anne's hand.  I slipped around behind Mary
Anne and begin to run my fingers through the tender hair of her
pussy.  I slid them into her occasionally which brought a low
moan each time, muffled as it was by the horse's enormous dick.
It wasn't long before I saw Bill's eyes begin to roll a little, and
suddenly his throbbing dick began to pulse strongly.  Mary Anne
swallowed quickly, trying to down all the luscious horse come, but
it came too fast for her, and it began to leak out onto her face
and run down her cheeks.  When she finally couldn't swallow any
more, she removed her mouth, but Bill wasn't done, and his white,
semen sprayed down on Mary Anne's chest.  I waited until he was
done before getting up to lead him back to his pasture.  I put him
out there and then returned to Mary Anne.  She was looking up at
me expectantly.
     I don't know what she wanted, but I had an idea.  I brought
out Kayleigh and tethered her rear-first in front of Mary Anne so
that neither of them could move much.  I slid over the picnic ta-
ble that was in the corner and picked Mary Anne up and placed her
on it on her hands and knees, facing Kayleigh's butt.  I told
Mary Anne that I wanted to see her lick and toy with Kayleigh's
asshole.  She proceeded to do so, bringing her luscious lips up
to Kayleigh's sphincter and licking and sucking on it while I
watched.  As she did so I got on the picnic table behind Mary Anne
and spread her cheeks apart, pressing my stiff member against her
taught asshole.
     I watched Mary Anne work on the horse as I began to push the
head of my penis inside her rectum, working it slowly with a
moistened finger so it wouldn't be too rough.  She grunted a little,
but that was it as she continued to suck on the mare's sphincter.
I begin to thrust quickly into her, the activities of the day making
me incredibly hard and already about to come.  I could tell Mary
Anne was feeling much the same because she let one hand slip up
between her pussy and she began to finger it while I worked on her
rectum and her mouth worked on the horse's.
     Suddenly Mary Anne pulled her head back as her fingers began
diving into her pussy, and I could tell she was going to come.  I
was about to berate her for stopping what she was doing to the horse,
but before I could I saw the sphincter sweel and the horse begin to
defecate on the spot.  Mary Anne and I both moaned as her orgasm
let her come flow out onto her fingers and legs, my come shot in hot
jets inside her asshole, and the horse unloaded itself onto the
floor of the barn.  We both watched in fascination as everything,
all the sensations and sights, became one.
     As our orgasms wore down, my cock softened enough for it to
be removed.  I got off the picnic table, unhooked Kayleigh, and led
her back to her stall.  I picked Mary Anne off the picnic table and
set her on the floor, giving her a look that showed I expected what
had happened this day to remain between us.  She nodded in under-
standing and I unhooked her, letting her get her clothes.  I put my
sweatpants back on and headed towards the house after picking up
the crop I had discared earlier.  I watched from the window again
as Mary Anne working on Buffy some more, although what she might be
doing besides shoeing her I couldn't be certain.  Not long after,
she put her tools back in the van and drove away.

--
