 
Teaching Mary Anne: 6 The Gangs All Here
 
Mary Anne's epic of humiliation continues! This one is the
nastiest by far, the most demeaning and terrible, but... There's a
safeword mentioned! So now even the politically correct can read
and enjoy. :)
 
Domination, submission, pain, and even, (gasp) some urine at the
end.
 
Written in 1992 by Heironymus
For Free Distribution to all Humankind
Please do not edit or sell for profit.
 
PART B-THE CONCLUSION OF TEACHING MARY ANNE PART 6
 
 "Sandwich time." I looked down at my seventeen year old beauty,
Mark's dick still tightly buried to the hilt in her round, white
butt. She stopped sucking Ty long enough to give me a questioning
glance.
      "And you, honey bunch, are the meat."
      Mary Anne glanced around at us dazedly, through the thicket
of our erect cocks, her long blonde hair flashing in the light
from the video camera..
     Jed lay back grinning, pointing his cock straight up with a
hand rapped around the base, as I caught Mary Anne's eye and
nodded towards him.
    Mary Anne crawled over to him, Mark's dick popping free from
her butt, her pink asshole winking at us as she lowered herself
onto Jed's thick cock. She sighed as she impaled herself fully on
its fat seven inch length.
     She looked back at the three of us, pouting. "Who wants my
ass?"
     "My turn." I glanced at Ty's fully engorged rod. "Then you."
     Forcing it up her gooey ass was heaven, the channel squeezed
tight by Jed's penetration of her cunt. It took almost a minute of
continuous, delicious pressure to work it the whole way in.
     The whole time, Mary Anne's head bobbed from Ty's enormous
cock, to Mark's, back and forth, her hands working the unsucked
member.
     Jed and I quickly fell into a certain rhythm, as our cocks
churned away in Mary Anne's body. When we both pushed in at once,
she was so tight it hurt, Mary Anne too, if the little whimpers
leaking  around Mark's cock were any indication. Gradually, we
found ourselves sawing away in tandem, me up her ass, Jed into her
cunt, me up her ass, Jed into her cunt
     We changed positions, to give Jed a crack at her ass, with me
in her cunt. Mary Anne shook all over as Jed took her ass, looking
deep into my eyes, a small, hurt smile playing around the corners
of her lips. It wasn't quite as tight in her pussy, but it was
still good, feeling Jed's cock rub the underside of my dick
through the thin wall of slick muscle.
     As Jed hammered himself to a fever pitch in her butt, I
pulled her face to mine, whispering in her ear.
     "Now, you're going to get Ty in your ass."
      She looked at me in fear, shame, trust. "Okay. If you want
me to," she swallowed, wincing ever so slightly as Jed pounded
harder and harder, "I'll take it."
     "You'll take it all?"
     She nodded, her eyes closed again. "All."
     "Why?"
      She kissed me, her tongue deep in my mouth. "Because I'm
your baby."
     "Ed, your finished." The movement stopped.
      "Ty," I looked down at his cock, at least ten inches, if not
twelve, circumcised, the head swollen to the size of child's fist,
"Your turn."
     He moved into position behind her, slapping her butt lightly
with his cock, rubbing it up and down the hairless, slippey
crease. He pumped it into her pussy first, and when it was good
and wet, yanked it free and rested the bulbous knob at its tip
against Mary Anne's pink bung.
     Jed was on the camera, so I leaned forward to rub Mary Anne's
breasts, roughly, tugging at the nipples.
     "Here it comes" Ty's strong hands dug into soft hip flesh, as
he began to bore into her.
    When the head slipped past and in, Mary Anne shuddered,
gasping for breath. I rolled a nipple between thumb and
forefinger, watching the emotions war in her face. Pain. Pleasure.
Humiliation.
     "Here's some more." Ty husked.
     "Oh...Oh..." Mary Anne began to fling her head from side to
side, eyes squeezed shut, her long hair flying against our chests.
Her fists gripped Mark's and my cocks tightly, squeezing painfully
hard as if she were holding on for dear life.
    "Some more." Ty groaned.
     "Ed, get a close up, will you." I said. Jed moved in with the
camera. "Got it."
     "Deeper," I told Ty. "Go ahead. Give her more."
     Ty grunted, and pushed his throbbing pole another inch into
Mary Annes trembling ass.
     "Oh...God..." she whispered. "It hurts..."
     That wasn't her safeword. It was in fact, her cue to keep
going, to do it harder, to give her more.
     Mark, who of course, didn't know this, shook his head in
disbelief. "That's gotta be dangerous." He began to lose his
erection.
    "Suck him, Mary Anne."
    She quieted, grimacing, but taking Marks cock in her mouth
just the same. Within seconds, he was fully hard again.
     "You can fuck her throat, Mark."
     He nodded quickly, gritted his teeth, and forced her head
down onto his cock until her lips were tight around the base.
     Ty was fucking her ass now in utter concentration. It was
amazing, watching the dark glistening staff disappear between her
smooth white cheeks. Mark reached around to spread them, his
fingertips digging into the soft white flesh of her ass as Jed
came in for the tight close up. Beautiful.
     Mary Anne whimpered around Mark's cock.
     "Give it all to her, Ty." I whispered. "Mark, could you
move," I gently pushed Mark aside, his dick popping from Mary
Anne's throat, drizzling, and looked down at her.
     She looked up at me, her expression an unreadable mix of
pleasure, humiliation, shame. Cum streaks glistened in her hair,
saliva and mucous coated her face in brilliant sheen. Someone had
blown their wad already, and I hadn't noticed! Oh well, there was
always the video...
    A brief swash of pain troubled her pretty features as Ty
bottomed out in her ass, and then, looking up at me...love.
     Total acceptance, uncritical, insane.
     "It's all the way in," Mike whispered, amazed.
     "Open up, honey."
     Mary Anne parted her bright red lips, and sank down onto my
cock, engulfing me to the hilt in warm, wet suction. She'd never
done it by herself before, and I marveled at her suddenly acquired
skill. Her head bobbed delightfully, Ty's cock flashing in and out
of her ass, glistening, an expression of unbearable ecstasy
contorting his handsome features.
     I was struck with the image of our cockheads meeting in her
throat, of this girl twisting on the spit of our hard dicks,
completely pierced, threaded with meat.
      It was time for Ty to cum.
     "Come on. Lets finish it." I said, pulling her off my dick.
     Ty's cock came out of her ass slowly, inch by slick, thick
inch, as it did Mary Anne shook all over, her eyes closed, her
lower lip hanging slackly. "Ohhhhh. Cumming." She drooled as her
assflesh trembled, her breathing ragged and gasping as he pulled
himself from her thoroughly violated rectum.
     I whispered in her ear, "Still cumming baby?"
     She nodded through the spasms, her eyes slitted. When Ty was
finally clear she hung her head briefly, panting.
     "Come on. Get it over here."
    Ty was so big, both Mary Annes hands barely covered half his
cock.
     She wasn't able to swallow it all, but the sight of half of
it embedded in her throat sent Jed over edge, causing him to hand
the Camera off to Mark and stroke himself off onto her face.
     "Here you go, little girl."
     The jism flew in thick, ropy strands over her forehead and
eyes as she slowly engulfed another inch of Ty's cock.
     Mark handed the camera to me, staring at the white gooey jism
running down Mary Anne's face, dripping onto her tits, shaking his
head. "This is sick. I'm outa here." Quickly gathering his
clothing, he left the room, closing the door behind him. He'd
never liked cumshots. I realized then he'd probably come in her
ass.
     Mary Anne looked up at me, cum dripping from her nose, one
eyelid fluttering in a glob of jis, and I nodded. "Finish up Ty,
baby. In your face."
     She began to milk him vigorously, enveloping the head of his
cock with her swirling tongue, her lips.  "OOOOOHhhhhhhh. Yes,
girl. That's it. Do it." His nuts trembled as Mary Anne jacked him
rapidly with both hands, and then, BOOM!
    A massive jet splurted out, splashing right between her eyes.
Mary Anne squeezed her eyes shut, but kept right on jacking,
lowering the rifle barrel of Ty's black cock slightly, and opening
her mouth to receive the spray.
    BOOM!
    Another in her open mouth. And another. And another.
    Cum dripped down her forehead and around her eyebrows as she
tongued the massive tip of Ty's cock, cum spilling from her open
lips, drooling down her chin.
   She tongued the slit, actually introducing the tip of her
tongue into the hole.
    "JESUS!" Ty squirted again as a spasm racked his body, the
stream slashing across her face.
     "She can coax it out, can't she?" Jed grinned.
     Then it was my turn. She sucked and sucked, and licked and
stroked and jacked, and milked, glancing up at me, at all of us,
because now that Ty and Jed had finished, it was just a sex show,
until finally, the orgasm came, so intense I began to black out
with the vibrating pain of it, the jism shooting out in a thick
unending fountain, Mary Anne's lovely face shuddering, flinching,
writhing, in the torrent of my lust, my love, her humiliation...
      AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
      She was completely coated. She looked up at all of us, a
sad, bad little girl expression on her cum dripping features. She
was utterly beautiful. SHe looked down, blushing, the cum hanging
from her face in strands, running down her breasts.
     Ty laughed. "That's one freaky girl."
     Jed nodded.
     An exchange of sated grins. "OK, you guys, get out of here.
Shows over. Go take a shower--in the other bathroom, if you don't
mind..."
    They left, Jed slapping Ty on the back, "Man did you blast her
good or what? You ought to be in the movies, boy..." and we were
alone.
     We'd filled two two hour cassettes.
     I watched the video with her laying next to me, a plump,
sweaty thigh thrown over me, her silken blonde hair nuzzling
against my armpit.  She was dozing peacefully, dried sperm
crusting the sides of her face, where I'd missed with the
washcloth.
     I hit play.
      Jed fucking away beneath her, Mark sawing away in her rear.
God. It was disgusting. Mary Anne smiling, a look of ecstatic
bliss on her pretty face, as she takes both cocks, whispering to
the camera, her eyes boring into mine, "do it. Fuck me in two."
    I loved it.
     Ohhh, the shame of it, as the humiliating blasts of semen
strike the young girl's face. Her facial contortions as each spurt
strikes her. Like a slap, each wet missile of cum.
   Turning, to take it from another cock. Another gout of jism.
Opening her mouth. A long, fierce blast from Jed's cock, straight
into her throat, making her cough suddenly.
    Mary Anne murmured something in her sleep. I looked down, and
saw her eyelids flutter open. She was watching it now.
     Ty's rod stabbing her in the butt. Mark's cock sliding into
her throat. Ed, jacking a copious load over the side of her face,
onto her closed eyelids, one cheek, part of her ear.
     "Why do you like it?" Her voice was very soft. "Watching them
do that to me?"
     I ran my hands over her, shrugging. "Don't know."
     "He hurt my ass, a little."
     I nodded, cupping an asscheek. Insinuating a finger into her
gooey, violated sphincter, massaging it lightly. "You did good,
baby. You did real good." I slipped another finger in her reamed
out hole, and began to finger fuck it as I watched the tape. After
a few minutes, I felt something shaking.
     It was Mary Anne, masturbating.
     I rewound the tape, letting it run in slow motion, as I
watched her finger herself to her own humiliation, my cock
stiffening painfully. Her breath sped up as she watched Ty's cock
slowly wedge itself into her rectum. A pair of hands gripped her
ample butt cheeks, pulling them open to give a better view.
     "Good shot, eh?"
     Mary Anne bit her lower lip, nodding slightly. She was using
both hands now, and had begun to wiggle her hips as she ground her
fingers into herself. She had two fingers in her pussy; three in
her ass.
     My cock was going from hard to semi soft in waves as I
watched, disgust and arousal mixing as Mary Anne jerked herself
off.
    Her movements became frenzied. On the screen, Mary Anne
coughed, sending a slow motion shower of jism from her nose and
mouth as Ty hosed her down. A gout struck her in the eye, causing
her to flinch back--oh, how I loved that flinch! She looked at the
camera in abject humiliation, a living cum target, dripping with
liquid lust. She scooped a thick wad from her cheekbone, and
slurped it into her mouth, swallowing carefully.
     I stood up besides the bed, feeling a pressure in my bladder.
A sudden, irresistible impulse. Oh. My.
     God.
     The urine arched up in a hot stream and struck Mary Anne's
open mouth. She shuddered, looking up at me in astonishment. I
pissed into her face, amazed.
     "I'm cumming," she bubbled, her face streaming. "Cumming."
     The urine soaked her hair, her breasts, ran down her thighs
to her crotch, where her fingers still writhed. Her plump body
glistened wetly, gleaming in the light cast by the video screen.
      "Drink it."
      Mary Anne opened her mouth, very wide, accepting the stream
of yellow, quickly, it brimmed, and began running down the sides
of her face.
     "Swallow."
     She looked up at me, eye's wide, closed her mouth, and
swallowed convulsively. She sat up, pee dripping from her chin,
her body trembling with some unnamable emotion.
     She smiled.
     Looking at her, I felt a sudden pang of nausea, the sea
change, as my more normal personality began to assert itself. I
wanted to take it all back, briefly ashamed, but I knew that would
quickly pass. In a few hours I'd want to watch the tape again,
more than likely.
     "I'm a mess." She said simply.
     I nodded. I saw now that I hadn't begun to wipe the cum from
her body. Streaks of it had dried up and down her torso, ass, and
back, but the urine had loosened it up again, and it dripped now
down her glistening form. "Yup. Sorry."
     She shrugged. "It's okay." as she stood, she winced. "Oh.
Jesus. We're going to have to take it easy for awhile."
     I nodded, and helped her to the bathroom.
     We held each other in the steaming shower, for a long time,
until the water ran cold.
      
 
THE END
 
STAY TUNED FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER: SISTER ACT In which we meet
Sabrina and Tiffany, Mary Anne's sisters, and we learn how best to
hog tie a plump sixteen year old...
 
 
