

Area: Personal Mail              <*.msg>               

Date : Jul 27 '94, 02:17                                                       
From : BareBodkin                                             60:100/0.0
To   : All                                 
Subj : Mary Drinks Her Milk [pedo, mf, oral]                                 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

AREA:ALT.SEX.STORIES
Message sender : barebodkin@aol.com


STANDARD DISCLAIMER: This work describes actions which are illegal,
immoral and indefensible. Anyone who has trouble keeping imagination and
reality separate should read no further.

MARY DRINKS HER MILK
by Bare Bodkin

In my sixteenth year my little cousin Mary came to stay at our family farm
for a summer. God knows why---it was really no place for a child.  My
mother had passed on years before, and my big brother was away at his
college, so there was only my Pa and me to keep her company. It was
possible that her parents just wanted her out of their hair for a few
months,  I really don’t know.

In any case, she showed up one day on the Greyhound in a little gingham
dress. I hadn’t seen her since she was a toddler and as I took her
suitcase I couldn’t help staring at her. She was only seven or eight, but
she was already gorgeous, with huge brown eyes, thick black hair and
perfect little features. She had that kind of gracefulness you only find
in a natural beauty. When she was older she was going to be stunning, I
could tell, and looking at her I was halfway in love. But after listening
to her chatter about her schoolwork and her little kiddy hobbies, it was
obvious that inside she was only still a child.

We got her settled in the guest bedroom and the weeks passed. Pa was out
in the fields most of the day, so I tried my best to keep Mary company in
between my chores.  We became pals, sort of. She’d been raised in a very
strict Catholic household, and as the freedom of  farm life sank in she
started to get a little wild. She liked to jump around in the hayloft, and
get on her hands and knees and follow the pigs around, snorting.  I tried
as best I could to think of her as a child instead of as a female, but I
couldn’t help constantly noticing how pretty she was---even covered in
dirt. In the dead of night, panting in ecstasy in the sheep pen, I’d often
think of little Mary instead of the warm wool I was hugging.

One of our cows was pregnant, it so happens, and several times a day I had
to take her temperature. Mary would giggle hysterically when I’d insert
the vaginal thermometer into the heifer’s huge hole, and she’d peer up
under the tail to look where I was putting it. When the calf was finally
born, she watched in amazement as it struggled to its feet and then
instantly went to it’s mother’s udder and started sucking at her teats.

“What’s it DOING?” Mary asked me.

“It’s getting milk,” I told her. “It needs its mother’s milk to get strong
and grow.”

Mary peered down at the calf as it sucked away. “And so it drinks it right
out of her body?”

“That’s right,” I told her. “The milk makes the calf get healthy. Like
Popeye and his spinach.”

She was fascinated. This, it seems,  is when Mary’s obsession with milk
began. She started to drink gallons of it. At breakfast, supper and dinner
she would just have glass after glass. Pa asked her why and she told him
that she never had milk at home and she figured that was why she wasn’t
bigger and stronger. She wanted to store it up while she had the chance. 

Pa and I smiled at each other, but since her milk drinking surely wasn’t
causing any harm we just let her keep on doing it. We even started her on
milking the cows, since she seemed so interested. I taught her how to hold
the teat in her hand and pull on it so the white fluid would stream out.
She got the knack and seemed to enjoy it. She asked me a lot of questions
about the farm animals, and I answered them. She thought of me as an
expert on medical matters.

Then one day I walked into the barn and saw something I didn’t expect.
Mary was down on her knees with one of the cow’s teats in her mouth,
sucking on it. It looked so much like she was giving a blowjob that I
couldn’t help myself and got an instant  boner. I kneeled down next to her
and asked her what she was doing.

“Well, I was thirsty, so I thought I would drink some milk the way the
calf does. It’s HOT, you know,” she told me sincerely. 

I thought for a moment, then spoke. “Mary, I know how much you like milk,
but you should know that human milk is much better for you than cow’s
milk. If you want to, I can...no, never mind.” I stood up and walked
across the barn. 

Mary followed me. “What?!”

“No, I shouldn’t tell you. You’re too young.”  I reckoned that nothing
irritated a child more than that.

“No, I’m not! Tell me, c’mon!”

I sat down in the corner of the barn and she sat next to me. I hesitated.
I knew that what I was doing was kind of sick, but Mary was so pretty and 
eager that I couldn’t resist. “If I tell you, you have to promise not to
tell anyone,” I said to her. She nodded.  “Well, grown-ups have milk the
same way cows do. You can get milk out of grown-ups that’s much better
than the cow’s milk.”

“Really?”

“Yup. Women have milk for babies that comes out of their chest. But that’s
very watery because it’s for babies. Men have other milk that’s much more
powerful. But you’re really too young to know about that.”

“No, I’m not---I’m not LITTLE, you know. But...if babies drink the women’s
milk, who drinks the men’s milk?”

I leaned towards her and whispered. “Girls drink it. That’s why, when
they’re old enough, girls go on dates with boys, and then get married.
Men’s milk is what causes women to have babies.”

Comprehension dawned on Mary’s face. “Yeah, I get it.” She sat silent for
a moment. “So...does men’s milk come out of the same place as women’s?”

“No.” I hesitated. “I’ll show you if you promise not to tell.” Mary nodded
her little pretty head. I stood up in front her and started unzipping my
jeans.

Mary looked skeptical. “That’s where your pee-pee is,” she said with an
air of wisdom.

“Usually, but when it gives out milk it’s different.” I shoved down my
jockey shorts and my erect penis sprang out. I placed my hands behind my
back and watched her stare at it. Whatever it was she knew about men’s
“pee-pees”, it was clear that a hard one was new to her. “You can touch
it,” I told her. She reached out and stroked the head, then grasped the
whole thing and gave a few tugs. I was proud of my little guy; it was
thicker, harder and fuller than I’d ever seen it before.

“Doesn’t it hurt when it’s hard like this?” Mary asked me.

“A little, but that’s just something a guy has to live with.” I put my
hand over hers.“Let me show you how the milk comes out.”  I started
pumping her hand up and down on my shaft. Feeling Mary’s little fingers
wrapped around my dick was very arousing, and wasn’t long before I came.
Mary watched, startled, as thick white spurts launched out into the dirt
of the barn floor. 

Semen  had dribbled onto our hands and I showed it to her. “You see, Mary?
It’s not all watery, like milk is. It’s thick, because it’s so
concentrated. These few drops are like a whole gallon of milk.” I wiped
off and zipped up. “Now go finish milking the cows, and don’t tell Pa I
showed you this. You’re too young to know about these things.”

We both went about our business, but soon after, just as I expected, Mary
came up to me and in a whisper asked me if she could drink some of my
man-milk.  I acted annoyed, and regretful I’d ever told her. I said she
was too young for it and that she wouldn’t keep it a secret. She begged me
for days. Finally, one lazy afternoon in the house, with my Pa busy in the
fields, I said that maybe I would let her have some. She got very excited
and jumped with glee. 

“First, though, I have to see if it’s OK for you.” I thought for a moment.
“I should take your temperature.” I went to the medicine chest and got my
Ma’s old children’s thermometer, then led Mary into my bedroom. Mary sat
down on the bed and opened her mouth.

“No, not there,” I told her. “I need to take your BODY temperature, same
as the cow, remember? You need to pull your underpants down.” 

Mary nodded earnestly and stood up. She turned around, pulled her panties
down to her knees, then bent over the bed and pulled her dress up to her
shoulders. I spread her soft little buttocks apart and gently inserted the
thermometer into her tiny asshole. Her skin was so soft  it was unreal. I
left the thermometer in for a minute while I stared at Mary’s little naked
torso.  She really was a beautiful child, slim and perfectly proportioned.
Unfortunately the slit in her little mound was closed tight, and I
couldn’t see her twat.  After a minute or so I slid  the thermometer out
of her butt and examined it while Mary turned around and sat on the edge
of the bed. 

“Hmmm...” I said. “Well, I guess it’s OK. Are you ready?”  Mary nodded.
With the sunshine coming through the window, highlighting her dark hair,
I’d never seen her look prettier. I stood in front of her and unfastened
my pants. My dick practically burst out when I unzipped;  I was startled
at how swollen, hard and thick it was. I grasped it by the base and
pointed it down towards Mary’s mouth.

“Alright, Mary, just suck at it the same way the calf sucked. After a
while the milk will come out and you can drink it.” Mary took a deep
breath and bent forward.

I forgot to breathe for a moment when she slid my penis into her pretty
little mouth and her lips and tongue closed around it. Warm, wet, slippery
sucking sensations flooded me. I moaned.

In her innocence, Mary was giving a better blowjob than most “experienced”
women do, with all their grotesque pumping. She kept her head still and
just worked her tongue and lips, sucking on my dick like it was a giant
straw stuck in a milkshake. She could only fit the head and about an inch
of the shaft into her mouth, but that was plenty. It was absolutely
exquisite---I’ve never felt anything like it, before or since.  

Mary’s little face looked so earnest as she sucked away, and now and then
her big brown eyes would look up at me for approval.  It wasn’t long
before I felt a powerful tightness building up deep in my guts.  I
couldn’t help groaning as I fired my first spurt into Mary’s mouth, and
then just kept coming and coming. I had at least a dozen contractions
before I petered out; I must have unloaded a cupful of semen into the
child. 

Mary’s wet mouth slid off my dick and she smiled up at me happily. “I
swallowed all of it! You had a LOT of milk!” A last pale drop squeezed out
of my dick, and as I watched she licked it off. 

“How does it taste?” I asked her. 

She made a face. “Yuck. It’s like gooey salt. It’s hot.”

“It might not taste good, but it’s really good for you. If you keep
drinking this stuff, you’ll probably grow by a couple of inches by the end
of the summer.”

“Really? You mean you’ll let me have more?”

“Maybe. I’ll have to keep an eye on you.” I zipped up. She put her arms
around me and hugged. “Thank you!” She walked out of the room, jumping. 
“Look! I can already jump higher!”

The very next day after breakfast Mary and I sat on the living room sofa
playing cards. My Pa had barely left the house when Mary looked over at
me, smiling mischievously, and whispered, “I’m thirsty. Can I have some
milk?” 

I rolled my eyes. “Okay, Mary, but remember that I’m doing you a favor. I
really shouldn’t be doing this. Can I trust you not to tell anybody?”

Mary nodded seriously. “Yes, I promise.” She stood up. “Do you want me to
get the thermometer?” she asked. 

“Well,” I said, “I can probably tell if you’re OK just by looking at you .
I’ll need to see under your pants, though.” 

Mary was wearing blue jeans, and she stood up and pulled them down to her
ankles. “You’d better take them all the way off,” I said, and watched her
as she did. Even as young as she was, her hips and thighs were curvy and
sweet. The crack in her tiny bald crotch riveted me. I’d never seen a
child’s pussy before and I was curious. 

When her pants were in a pile on the floor I said,” OK, now I need to look
in there.” I pointed to her crotch. She looked a little confused, but sat
on the sofa and opened her legs. I kneeled on the floor and peered between
them. The slit was still closed, so I put my hands on her inner thighs and
spread her open wider. Her little cunt blossomed open in front of me like
a curtain parting. The soft lips were smooth and pink, with just the
faintest twinge of musky odor. It was strange and very arousing so see
these plump genitals poking out of a hairless little child’s body.  I
touched Mary’s tiny clitoris with my fingertips. 

“You see,” I told her, “if this part starts hurting and itching, that’s a
problem. Does it feel alright?”

“You mean where I go pee? It feels fine.”

“Well, OK then.” I took out my dick. “I think this time I’ll just milk
myself. Ready?”

Mary opened her mouth expectedly and I started pumping, gazing at the pink
slit between her spread legs. It wasn’t long before long I felt myself
coming. I bent over her and positioned the thick red head of my dick right
over her tongue. I smiled affectionately down into her sweet, pretty face
as thick gobs of semen spurted out into her mouth. Her mouth filled with
come as she waited for me to finish, then she closed her lips and
swallowed it all in one big gulp. 

For the next couple of months Mary and I had sort of a routine. I let her
“milk” me two or three times a day, sometimes more. She was really
convinced that she was growing because of it, and eagerly swallowed as
much of my semen as she could get. When we had lots of time, I would get
myself all comfortable in a chair or bed, put my hands behind my head and
just savor it as this beautiful child sucked me off. Other times, behind
the barn or when Pa was napping, I would just stand her against a wall or
lay her down on the ground, whip my dick out, and quickly jack off into
her open mouth. Either way, she made sure she ate every drop that came out
of me, even cleaning off my fingers and balls with her tongue when
necessary.

Frequently, of course, I would have to check on her health, either by
taking her rectal temperature or by examining her vulva. A few times I was
even forced to massage some baby lotion into her soft, delicate pussy
lips---to make sure they weren’t getting too dry. 

Lord only knows how many gallons of my semen pretty little Mary wound up
swallowing that summer. By the time she finally left to go back home, I
was pretty exhausted. We promised to write, but our families really
weren’t very close and I never saw her again. But I thought about her
often, especially years later when I started seeing a familiar face in
cosmetic ads and on magazine covers. It was Mary; she’d become a fashion
model. 

Milk---it does a body good.

--- WtrGate 0.10.0710 beta
 * Origin: This UseNet News was Gated for PPNet * (040) 445086 (60:100/0)
