                             Mary from Heaven

                          By Tinker, October 1994



It promised to be a terrific evening. For the first time of my life, I was
over to my girlfiend's place, and nobody could disturb us since I had
secretly unplugged her telephone. Not that I had high hopes that anything
would happen tonight, but I was together with my girlfriend and that alone
was enough to make me very happy.

It had been quite a surprise when Mary announced that she liked me last
month. I knew her longer already, but never considered myself lucky enough
to allow my own feelings to surface. Too many negative experiences in the
past. But this time, a very nice girl actually came to *me* and this was
all I needed to fall in love in the most exaggerated way possible. For
weeks, we saw each other every day at least twice, and I went flat broke on
buying her things and treating her to outdoor dinners. But it was worth it.
She was a very good companion, complementing me in most ways, and soon we
really grew together. On top of that, Mary was the most beautiful girl I
had ever met, although I probably was a bit biased in this.

This evening, Mary was dressed in a very pretty dark brown and blue blouse
with a black long skirt that fitted her like specially tailored. Her long
hair fell loose over her shoulders and with two golden earrings and a thin
golden necklace, she looked like she had run away from the ambassador's
banquet. Maybe she had. We sat closely together, arms around our shoulders,
talking about nothing special, and just being very much in love with each
other. It was Mary who brought up the subject of making love. It took me by
surprise, but I knew what I felt, so I hugged her and told her that she
could have me if she wanted, but that I would respect her desires any time
and that having fun for me would not just mean having sex. She giggled with
that irresistible laugh of hers and asked me what else I liked to do, if I
was not going to jump her.

I smiled, kissed her and rubbed her left knee through her skirt. "I like
the way you dress," I said. "You always wear clothes that enhance your body
and your personality at the same time. And you are always hiding
something." Slowly I moved my hand up her thigh, taking her skirt with it
and revealing much of her calves. Mary giggled again and kissed me back.
"Me? Hiding something?", she teased. I hiked up her skirt further, and
uncovered her knees. Without warning, Mary let herself fall backwards on
the couch and pulled up her legs. As invitingly as possible, she spread her
knees and revealed some simple but elegant white panties while she put her
arms in her neck and toyed with her hair. This of course was too much for
me, and I rolled on top of her, grabbing her where I could and kissing like
mad. We embraced and hugged for a few minutes, and I could barely hold back
my pending orgasm. This girl had style!

After the first fire had died down, we again sat next to each other, Mary's
skirt still above her knees and her panties within easy reach. A bit
puzzled, she looked at me and after a while she asked: "Don't you take my
panties off?" I put my hand in her lap and told her that I preferred to
postpone the raw sex as long as possible. "I really want to see you in your
full glory, Mary, but you have so much to offer in other ways that just
ignoring that would be a true waste." Aha, right sentence at the right
time. Mary melted in my arms and now rolled on top of *me*, pushing hard
with everything she had, and giving me the hug of my life. "So you like me
just showing my panties?", she inquired. "I like everything of you, but
yes, peeking at your panties is a great turn-on." Mary sat back on her
knees and arranged her skirt neatly around her bare legs. "Oh. But then
this skirt is not so good." "No, no, Mary, please leave it on. I like this
skirt. It fits you wonderfully, and you're really pretty in it."

She looked at me and winked. "I can see in your eyes that you secretly want
me to wear something else. Something less stylish, but far more exciting.
Don't you?" I sighed. This girl *did* know me better than I did myself.
"Alright Mary, maybe there is something else, yes." Gigglingly she crouched
onto my lap and started to name dress types. "What do you like? Tight
spandex? Leather and chains? Hawaiian grass skirts? Clear PVC? Full plate
armour?" I laughed. "Looks like you have been reading a bit too much news
groups lately. What a choice." Mary gave me a kiss and a hug. "Please, tell
me what you would like me to wear. My swimsuit? I have my swimsuit with
me." I shook my head. "No Mary, no swimsuit. I'll look at your swimsuit
next weekend at the beach, okay?" "Okay. But what else? Please tell me!"
"Hmmm. To be honest, I would like to see you once in some sort of tennis
dress, something innocent, but very loose and very short. So that I can
look at your panties if you stoop down or reach up, or if you don't keep
your knees together. But also a dress in which you *could* go out. Even if
people would turn their heads."

Mary thought for a moment, and said: "Something like a cheerleader's
costume, you mean?" "Well yes, but less formal. Lighter. More playful. Like
you are." We both laughed and toyed a bit again. Then she stood up and let
her skirt fall properly down, before she went into her bedroom, blew me a
kiss and smilingly closed the door behind her. I eagerly awaited her come
back.

After what seemed like a century, the door of her room opened again and out
came some goddess that nailed me to the couch. Mary had put on a short,
pink dress with short sleeves, that had a loose top part so that I could
just see the outline of her breasts but not much more, a sharply accented
waist, and a very loose, flaring type of skirt part that had a hem line of
ruffles and extended down about one-third of her thighs. The fabric of her
dress looked like fine woven cotton, and when she approached I saw that it
was not plain pink but actually a mix of small white and pink squares.
Under it, she had bare legs and feet, and I hoped that she had understood
the hint and kept on her panties. Mary stopped and twirled around,
confirming what I had hoped for. "Something like this?"

At first I couldn't say a word, but finally something understandable came
out of my throat and I made it clear to Mary that she probably could not do
any better. She blushed, which coloured nicely with her dress. "Really?
Gosh, and I always found this dress so boring and childish." "BORING?!
Where have you been?" "Eehmmm... well... on TV all girls always wear tight
jeans and mini skirts, so I thought..." "Don't think! Don't believe
television! They lie! You look even better than I imagined in my best
fantasies!" Mary grinned: "Oh yeah? Tell me! What are your fantasies?" That
said, she straddled my lap, put her arms around my neck and kissed me
tenderly for a minute or so.

I hesitated. My fantasies were a bit too private for me to share, I
thought, and I feared to spoil the scene by bringing in something too
extravagant for Mary. Well, not really extravagant; but surely strange
enough to possibly scare her off. So I changed topic. "Do you have any
boots hanging around, to fit with this beautiful dress?" Mary nodded. "I
have three pairs of boots. One short, made of supple, brown leather; one
half-high, with a small heel, of black suede; and an old pair I wore often
when I still visited the discos on Saturday evenings." I grinned. "I think
I'm going for the surprise parcel." Mary smiled and reached behind the
couch, where she apparently stocked old stuff in boxes. Remarkably quick
she found the right box, and with a "tada" movement she took out the boots.

They were white, made out of leather, had a zipper over about the full
length, no heels, and would reach almost to Mary's knees. I gasped and
quickly took them from her, to help her in putting them on. Gigglingly Mary
pulled up her legs, showing a great deal of panties, and slid into the
boots. Zipping them tightly around her calves sent a shudder up my spine
and although it was not that hot, I started to sweat all over my body. Mary
noticed what her outfit did to me and clearly was happy with the effect.
She stood up, walked around a bit to show off her dress and boots, and then
sat down in front of me, with her knees next to each other and just a tiny
bit opened, so that I still could view her white triangle. Her face was a
bit red, so she must have been as excited as I was, although in principle
she did not wear anything exorbitant. But she must have felt the tension
building up, and she knew she had not finished yet. She knew.

After a wonderful time of just letting me look at her, at all her features,
at her dress, her short skirt part, the innocent ruffles surrounding the
funnel to her panties, and her sexy boots, Mary reminded me of my
fantasies. "Please, will you share them with me? Please? I like you so
much, I would do *anything* to please you. Really. Since you like this
pretty dress, and all my little things, and want me to keep my panties on
to peek at, your fantasies can't be that horrible." I sighed. Mary was
right, my fantasies were certainly not horrible and absolutely in line with
her dress and everything. In fact, she couldn't have dressed better. But
still... what if she really did not like them?

I patted the couch next to me and quickly Mary came over, hugging herself
against me and trying to get her panties to expose themselves, which did
not work out. So she pulled up her dress a bit, only to meet my hand
pulling it down again. A bit puzzled she looked into my eyes. "I don't
really get you. Now you want to hide my panties again. Why?" I gently
kissed her and asked for some understanding if my fantasies would not
appeal to her. She nodded. "Promised. And I will tell you mine afterwards."

"Alright then. Mary. Dear Mary. Have you ever thought about the fact that
if you wear a dress or skirt, there is nothing between your panties and the
ground?" Mary blinked with her eyes. "Eh... yes. Of course. That is the
main feature of a dress, isn't it? That it is open at the bottom?" She
crossed her legs now, more in a reflex than intentionally, showing years of
conditioning. "Good. Did you ever think of using this for some relief, or
even enjoyment?" Now Mary frowned. "Strange questions you ask. What do you
mean, using my dress for relief? What kind of relief?" "Relief like going
to the toilet."

There. I had said it. Now she would slap me in the face and throw me out.

But no. Mary still looked puzzled at me, then down to her dress, then again
at me. A light blush came back on her cheeks. "Ehhh... you mean... with my
panties on? Or am I going to far myself now?" She really blushed. It made
her look ten years younger. "Yes Mary, I mean with your panties on. Just
like you are now. No changes. Just a tiny bit. Please?" She now was in a
state of confusion, I saw, and quickly I put my arm around her and gave her
a kiss. It didn't help. Still blushing, she looked down to her skirt and
toyed with the ruffles. I decided to end her embarrassment and asked for
her fantasies, so that we could get on par with blushing.

Mary was silent for a moment. "I wanted to tell you that my favourite
fantasies took place in my bed room, with both of us snugly under the
covers of my little bed, but now that I heard your fantasy I think I might
have overlooked something... I thought you only would be interested in sex,
like the other boys." I grinned. "Well, you indeed spend too much time in
front of the TV, Mary. Boys don't only think about raw sex. At least I
don't. I probably like sex, especially with you, but there is so much more
that we could do together." Mary now cheered up. "Hey, I think I might like
your idea of keeping my panties on. It could be a wonderful fore play
before I drag you into my room and under my covers. Wearing these clothes,
it should be a breeze. You think I can do it?" Now I really hugged her and
just said: "You bet you can."

I reached up her dress and stroked her panties between her legs, so that
Mary moaned a bit and bit me in my ear. Then I shove her dress completely
up her thighs, so that we could have a close look at her pretty panties.
Mary was curious. "Do you know what happens when I do it? Where does it get
wet first?" "I don't know exactly. We'll see! How would you like to do it?
Squatting? Standing? Sitting on the toilet?" Mary giggled. "You tell me! I
am just a little girl, I don't know a thing about this subject. Well,
almost not." I said nothing, just smiled at her. She looked back, blushed
some more, sputtered a bit, and finally gave in. "Alright, I admit, I had
an accident once, yes." I still just looked at her. She felt cornered. "A
true accident?", she offered. "Not my own fault?" I just shook my head.
"The truth, Mary. The truth." She sighed. "Alright, it was not a *complete*
accident. I needed to pee, yes, and it was rather crowded, so there was a
line in front of the toilets, and I really couldn't hold much longer, so
you know..." "So what?" "So I just walked over to the grass, in case I
couldn't hold." "But you could." "No I could not... that's to say, I could
hold, yes, but... but..." "But?" "OH OKAY! So I thought 'If I will wet
myself anyway, why not do it now and get it over?', and then I just parted
my legs a bit. Nothing more."

"Why did you part your legs?" "Well... I didn't really think of it... you
just do it. It is natural. Every girl that is going to pee in her panties
will tell you that just before she starts, she parts her legs. It is one of
our instincts, I guess. You try to keep your skirt and shoes dry, and
spreading your feet a bit greatly helps." "And so you stood there, with
your legs apart and your panties still on, and you just peed in them?" Mary
giggled. "Well... yes. It was very simple. I just had to wait for a moment,
and before I knew exactly what was happening, I felt something nice and
warm under my skirt. That was all. It took maybe a minute, and nobody
noticed anything. I was so confused that I just walked away, caught up with
my friends, and forgot about it."

She now turned back to her white panties. "I don't know what will happen,
because I didn't look up my skirt after I did it. So it will be a nice
surprise to both of us. Oh, I really want to do it again. Will you help
me?" She rose to her feet and parted her legs a bit, stroking her dress
down and smiling at me. "I think I stood something like this. Pity I cannot
do it here, because it would spoil the carpet. And I'm not going outside in
this dress. Too cold, too many curious people. So we have to find something
else." I balanced the options. "Well, it is one of three: toilet, bathroom,
or chamber pot." Mary giggled and left her pose to walk around. "Toilet is
out, I want to do something exciting tonight. Of course I could stand in
the bath, and just imagine that I am outside. Yes, that seems nice! Come
on, let's try it!" She quickly went into the small bathroom and climbed
into the tub, trying not to slip since her boots did not have much grip on
the enamel. After having found her balance, Mary carefully parted her legs
as far as she dared, and looked at me. "How do I look like?" I sighed.
"Mary, you look like the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, and if you
really go on now, I don't know if I can control myself much longer." She
smiled: "Good! I want you to jump me, remember! So now I will have to wet
myself. Let's see..." and she pulled up her dress to inspect her panties.

A bit counter-instinctive, she put her hands inside her waist band, pushed
her panties free from her skin all around, and then let them firmly snap
back into place again, as to check if they were ready for action. Mary
corrected the fabric down at her crotch to be completely symmetrical,
pulled up her waistband at her back, and showed me the result. "Can I pee
in my panties in this way?" I laughed. "Mary, you could pee in your panties
an hour ago already. I understand why you are so careful, after all it is
not something you do every day, but you should really have climbed into the
bath and have done it right away." She smiled a bit shy and looked down to
her white panties for the last time, slowly putting down her fabulous short
dress. Now she *was* ready. While her face turned a bit red again, Mary
took a deep breath, put her hands on her hips and looked at me. I looked at
her. We both looked to the hem of her dress. Five long seconds, only our
heavy breathing could be heard.

And suddenly, we both almost broke of laughter, realising how utterly
stupid the situation was: Mary standing in a challenging summer dress, in
her bath, with her disco boots on, trying to wet herself on purpose, while
her boyfriend sat on the edge of the tub. This truly seemed a comedy. We
looked at each other and together said: "The chamber pot!"

While Mary climbed out of her bath again, which wasn't easy given her
boots, she directed me towards her bedroom and I found an old chamber pot
in her closet, under a lot of rubbish. I blew the dust out of it and placed
the pot between the door and her bed, just as Mary entered. I looked up to
her, caught a glimpse of her panties, and smiled. "Your toilet is ready,
m'lady!" Mary winked and started arranging her clothes again, this time
even checking her boots as if she was about to start the marathon. Well,
she surely would embark on a journey with a rather unknown end. I decided
to try out her bed, and lay down on my belly. Mary checked her hair, her
dress, her panties, her dress again... Of course this gave me an unlimited
view of all her beautiful features, and slowly I started to grind my crotch
against her mattress. She saw this, and winked another time. "Please do
whatever you like. As long as you leave something for me," she hinted. I
swallowed. Not only would I see a girl wet herself before my own eyes this
very evening, but probably I would loose my virginity as well. Not too bad,
especially not with Mary.

She now seemed satisfied with her clothes and squatted down over the pot,
her knees opened in my direction so that I had the best view possible. Her
dress almost touched the floor behind her, and in front of her she lifted
it up with one hand to clear her panties and pushed it against her chest.
Her left hand found a resting place on her left knee. Mary wetted her lips
and looked at me. "So this is it. I wear my dress, my boots, and panties.
All perfectly normal. And I need to pee. Very hard. I have a pot, but no
privacy. So while everyone is looking, I squat and reveal my panties. They
expect that I'll take them off. But I don't." She now looked between her
legs herself. "I just leave them on. In fact, I think..." Her breath
suddenly stuck, and she tensed all her muscles. "Oh God, here it comes,
here it comes... YES!"

While Mary remained motionless, squatted over the pot with her dress hiked
up and her knees widely spread, a grey stain appeared in the crotch of her
white panties. Quickly the stain spread downwards and sideways, and before
long, some tiny streams started to leak out her panties into the chamber
pot. She had her eyes closed now, enjoying the experience with all her
senses. But as soon as the sound of the streams in the pot became
undeniable, she looked between her legs again and was amazed by the effect
of her wet game. "Hey, this is FUN! It feels really nice, and my panties
don't get wet except for my crotch!" She managed to stop her peeing, which
in a way disappointed me, and squeezed her thighs together before rising to
her feet and putting her dress down. "I can just do what I like, nobody
will notice! Look!" She twirled around, letting her dress flip up, and
indeed, if I had not been warned, I would have missed the wetness in her
crotch completely.

Mary now got a different look in her eyes, and slowly came towards me. Uh-
oh. She was going to jump *me*. Quickly I rose and started to take off my
clothes. After I had stripped down to my briefs, Mary pulled me off her bed
and dragged me into the bathroom again. Together we climbed into the tub,
and this time Mary did not wait. I heard the hissing while she parted her
boots, and when she put her hands on her hips and arched back, a stream was
already falling down from under her little dress. Mary really went for it.
Everything I had wished for for many years now washed through her panties,
and the sight of her in her pretty dress and white boots, obviously doing
something naughty, pulled me over the top. I wanted to join her.

Quickly I glanced around me to find something appropriate, and then I saw
some garments hanging on a line, probably to dry after washing. There was a
skirt, and a sweater, among other things. While Mary continued to wet
herself and followed me with her eyes, I put on the sweater and hurriedly
pulled up the skirt. It was a short skirt, not a real mini, but well above
my knees. It was wide enough for me to spread my legs and still pull it a
bit forward in front, so that it would not touch the bulge in my briefs.
This however costed me my left hand. Mary saw this, and nodded towards the
wall of the bathroom. On the towel hook, I saw a plastic hair cover.
Quickly I grabbed the thing and stuffed it under my skirt, now leaving my
hands free.

Mary stopped weeing herself, and still dripping she took my hands and came
closer. With a glancing kiss she approved my intentions. I put my hands in
my sides, and she placed her hands on top of mine. This girl came right out
of heaven. She wiggled her hips, which caused a lot of dripping. I couldn't
hold it longer. I really couldn't. A last wink of hers was all I needed.

With a moan I let go, and all the accumulated fantasies of twenty years
flowed out into my briefs. Mary knew exactly what to do. While my crotch
went wonderfully warm and comfortable, she started herself again. When my
first drops hit the tub, she joined in harmony. We both got almost to the
point of orgasm while we peed our underwear. Neither her dress nor my skirt
showed anything of what happened under them, even while it was quite a lot,
and for a minute or so, the world got reduced to the size of the plug hole
our mutual contributions flowed down.

When we were both finished and the dripping had stopped for the best part,
Mary started to take off my sweater and skirt. My blue briefs showed quite
clearly what had happened, and Mary couldn't hold herself from stroking the
wet bulge. I almost exploded. Without any warning, I grabbed under her
dress, took her waist band from the inside, and lifted her dress over her
head. Mary giggled and held her arms up into the air so that I could remove
her dress completely. She did not wear anything but her soaked panties and
her boots now. Her panties were wonderfully stained, and we both felt like
playing a bit more. Hugging wet crotches seemed nice. And it was.

Finally we climbed out of the bath, rushed into her bedroom, dropping our
wet underwear somewhere on the way, and while Mary still wore her boots, we
jumped onto her bed. After the initial struggle, I could take off her
boots, and together we disappeared under her blankets. Mary took charge
from then on. The world stopped turning five minutes later.

It took the whole night for the world to start moving again.




                             - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 -
