"The night that I fucked Mary"

     Living in Long Island was getting to be a "bore", and the only fun that
seemingly could be had was over 100 miles away, in Connecticut.

     One of my sister's lived in Connecticut, in a "well to do" portion of the
southern-central region.  Most people were "wealthy" there.....some screen-
play writers, the others 'actors' who made the area their second home, away
from the New York hustle.  The quaint and colonial setting gave the area a
sort of charm that made any afternoon drive in the fall, nothing less than
"spectacular", with the turning of the leaves into fiery hues..

     My "brother-in-law" knew all the bars in the region. He suggested we head
on down to a local "road-house" pub, which he said "is so full of pussy you
won't be able to see straight...." I sensed some uneasiness on the part of my
sister, but she said "go on, have some fun, you guys earned it"...as we'd
spent most of the morning from 4:00 a.m., busting our backs doing construction
work, as he was a building contractor.  So, without further ado, we jumped
into his truck, and headed out to see what kind of fun could
be scared-up there...

     Within minutes, we arrived.  The place was so "packed" that parking was
pretty hard to find there.  Once inside, the "female-to-male" ratio seemed
pretty much a 3:1 split, most of the women between the age of 19 and 28 years.
We looked at each other and simultaneously said under our breaths, "all
fucking right!!!" Now for some fun!

     As it worked out, we ended-up "sandwiched" between two ladies at the
bar......and my brother-in-law struck-up a conversation "immediately" with the
one nearest him.  I'm kinda "quiet and shy", so I nursed my beer, and admired
the scenery.  Pretty soon, the girl on my right arm introduced herself....and
I was immediately drawn to her physically, as she was about 20'ish, and had
long, blonde hair, reaching down to the middle of her back.  She wore a pink
blouse, tied at midriff, and her white shorts accentuated the nicest ass I'd
seen in quite some time....her legs also nothing short of "perfect"..  About
an hour passed, with both of us talking up a storm with our new-found female
friends.

     Soon, my newly acquired lady friend had to make a trip to the ladies
room....`and while she was gone, the bartender leaned over and said "listen,
if you SCREW that sweet thing, you're going to get BLISTER DICK!!!", meaning
"herpes".  I blinked back at him in "incredulity" and said "naw, nothing
that nice has venereal diseases..", and he said "listen, my best friend fucked
her two weeks ago, and his `pud' damned-near fell-off."  Needless to say, when
she suggested that we take-off together and find a motel room nearby, I
excused my-self and told her I had to "drain my pickle" first.  She said she'd
wait outside for me, and after about fifteen or so minutes, I could see her
"storm off" with her arms crossed across her chest..  I guessed the bartender
"knew" for sure, by virtue of her reaction for being "stood-up" after offering
up some of her "best recipe".

     Now, it was just my "brother-in-law", his new female friend, and myself
having a conversation.  As he seemed to be getting pretty "shitfaced", he
finally had to get rid of some of his "rented" beer, `too.  When he left, the
girl he'd been talking to leaned-over, and said "pretty cocky that friend of
yours...", and I replied "he's my brother-in-law"..  She looked at me kinda
surprised, and said "you mean you don't mind him screwing-around on your
sister?"...`and I said "no, it's between the two of them, not me.  She then
said "listen, I want to FUCK you...I've been looking at your `ass' in those
nice, tight, white jeans all evening...and your cock bulge is awfully big..."
I was pretty "dumbfounded" by this, but nonetheless managed to blush a nice
"red" for her, noticing for the first time her nipples were "hard", straining
against the stripped tank-top she was wearing, "no bra" underneath.  I said
that it had been quite a while since I'd had such a nice compliment, and
she countered with "listen, let's get out of here before your brother-in-law
comes out...  As it worked, we were headed out the door when he waded through
the crowd, back to the now reoccupied spot at the bar, looking kinda
"confused" by this.  I thought to myself..."poetic justice"!!

     Mary, my new lady friend, took my hand, and led me to her car, parked
down the road from the bar.  When she reached across to unlock my door, she
said "you can drive if you want..", so I switched sides with her, getting
behind the wheel.  As I pulled out onto the rural route, she said "how far
away is your place?"   I said, "well, it's about 107 miles away in Long
Island"...  She suggested a small motel not far away, saying "I'll split the
room with ya!", so I nodded in-agreement..  On the way, she leaned against me,
her head on my right shoulder, and her left hand caressing my cock through my
jeans..  She said "look, it made a nice `wet' spot!"...a drop of pre-cum
somehow managed to soak through my shorts and into view.  I said "he must
like you a lot for him to do that....", referring to my now "aching" dick,
which was throbbing back as her finger traced a series of circles on the tip
of it..  Pretty soon, we were "kissing hard" as we drove..my eyes barely on
the winding and rather narrow road.  I wanted Mary very, very "bad" by
the time we got to the motel, and I could smell the faint scent of her excited
cunt in the car, before we got out..

     The clerk was "amused" by our Mr. & Mrs. Smith registry, and the fact
there wasn't any luggage....`but this didn't mean he was too proud to take our
money for a room.  He gave us one that was "furthest" from the office, and
we didn't even bother to drive there....but instead just locked Mary's car,
and ran to the room, like a couple of school kids going to "play doctor" in
the bushes.  In my nervous anticipation of making love in a few moments, it
was awfully difficult to get the key into the lock, and open the door,
especially with Mary's insistent `tongue' reaming my ear, and her biting my
neck..  Finally, we were "in"..

     We slammed the door, and were on the bed in less than a second, tearing
each-other's clothes off, kissing like we weren't going to have another chance
at "sex" for the rest of our lives.  When I was down to my shorts and socks,
and she had only her pink silk panties on, I just wanted to look at her
"perfection" before devouring her.  She helped me pull my shorts off, and then
my socks.  I said "Mary, let me touch and lick every inch of you first!!", and
she said "babe, I want that boner IN ME too badly to wait any longer.."  I
somehow managed to slow her down enough to get part of what I wanted, before I
pulled her magnificently toned body to mine, and let my dick sink into her now
"soaking wet" cunt.  We immediately started into a dance as-if we'd done it a
million times together, her legs riding my lower back, feet locked around me,
pulling my ass into her as I rocked into her gyrating pelvis..  The smell of
her skin and her smooth skin were so "intoxicating" that I nearly "pinched"
myself just to see if this was another one of my rather detailed "wet dreams"
that'd happen when I hadn't had pussy in awhile.  Each time my dick "bottomed"
into the depths of he r cunt, Mary'd "whimper" into my neck, and push back at
me harder.  Our tempo slowly built, in-spite of our excitement....and though
the silky velvety and "hot" pussy clenching my dick seemed to have me right on
the edge of "blowing my load" into her....she kept the same pace as me, as our
breathing now was just "gasps" punctuated by "aaaahhhh", "aaahhhhh",
"oooohhhhh", "uunnnhhhhh" ....as we climbed the pinnacle of orgasm together.
Finally, when her body broke into "little convulsions" and she was uttering
little "ohhhh"'s....flinging her hips upwards into my now jackhammering dick,
I couldn't hold it anymore.  I groaned "AHHHHRRRGGGGHH" as I blasted my sperm
into her frantically gyrating belly....feeling the thick pulsings as my seed
blew "deep" into Mary's hungry cunt.  "OHHH FUUUCCCKK MEEEEE", she screams, as
I continue to lunge in and out of her milking, orgasming pussy.  I kept moving
inside of her until we seemed to be going over the top together again, her
face seeming to say "cmon, lover....give it to me again", as I kept moving
inside her.  Within minutes, we were panting and "grunting" the goodness of
another incredible orgasm, into the night...and we "fell asleep" locked
together, my cock still semi-hard inside of her now over-flowing snatch..

     Our sleep didn't last very long.  We'd made love again three more times,
and switched to "69" to suck-off the juices we'd created on and inside each-
other.  Her cunt smelled "terrific", the strong hormonal smell of female
lubrication, and male seminal fluid..  I ate Mary's cunt as if it were my
"last meal", trying hard to stay away from her now "overly sensitive" clit.
The last orgasm we had drained us so completely, that we slept till about
11:00 a.m., awakened by the squeaking of the wheels on the maid's cart, and
the sound of her vacuum cleaner next door..

     In the light of day, Mary's "pixiesh" features, her upturned nose, and
short brown hair....seemed to endear her to me as we looked into each-other's
souls..  I said "hey, why don't we try to do this more often", and she
replied: "I don't think my husband would like that very much, I'm afraid"..
Though I felt "crushed" and "let down", I guess that in our hurry to make
love, I'd not really looked at her wedding band very hard....thinking a lot of
women use them to keep men away..  I asked her "aren't you going to be in a
lot of trouble...coming home so late, with afterglow all over you??" She
informed me that, "no, he's `too drunk' to care anymore..."  I really felt sad
for her.

     On the way over to my sister's, to get my rental car, we held hands, but
didn't talk much.  She would just look over at me, squeeze my fingers tightly,
and that pretty much said everything..  When we pulled-up in the gravel
driveway there, she braked, and leaned-over to kiss me "good-bye" before I got
out.  We kissed so passionately, and I could feel the salty tears running down
her face, onto mine.  It felt good and "bad" at the same time...part of me
happy that we'd made love, the other part wishing I'd never met her..  When
the sobs had subsided, I said "hey, I gotta go....", noticing my eyes weren't
exactly dry anymore..  She backed-out of the curving drive, and gave me a
little wave before she drove off.  I didn't think I'd ever see her again.
I was "wrong"..

     A couple weeks elapsed since I saw her, when my sister called and said
there was mail for me there in Connecticut.  The note Mary attached to my
letter told my sister that we'd met there, and she didn't have my work or home
address in Long Island.  She said it was "important".

     Driving back to Connecticut, I wondered to myself what possibly could it
have meant to her to "write" me, and risk the "entanglement" of an `affair'??
My sister knew me well enough to know that rather than our typical
"greeting", that I wanted that letter, `first.  Once I'd found a place in the
parlor to open and read it, `sis' left and gave me a few minutes of privacy.
The letter, written in the neatest penmanship I'd seen, explained to me that
"since we made love", "I couldn't get you out of my mind, nor my heart,
dearest lover.."  "You've awakened feelings inside of me that I didn't know
that I'd had...", the letter explained.  "No `man' has ever made me feel so-
much a `woman', or so willing to do anything to please him, as you have."
`Going on, she says: "I go to sleep thinking of how you kiss me, how you hold
me, how damned good you feel inside me..."  Her work telephone number was
included, needless to say..

     We began our `affair' a week later, me driving like a madman on the
Turnpike to be with her, and once driving all the way back to my place on Long
Island, spending the weekend entwined in each-other's loving embrace.  As all
good things "must end", so did this.  Through loving me, she re-
discovered her love for her husband....having rebuilt her self-esteem enough
to "win him back" and "wean him" from his own `affair' with the bottle.  As a
fellow `vet', somehow I rationalized away my "sense of guilt" for making love
to another man's wife by saying "I gave her back to you!"

--the end!!--


