
                               "MARY HAD A HOT RAM"
                               --------------------
                                  (Chapter One)

                               .....By Harry Balls.

INTRODUCTION:
+++++++++++++
...Most of us lead two lives...real and fantasy.  The housewife imagines
herself leading a life of luxury. The businessman imagines himself away from
the rat race, fishing by a quiet lake.  The schoolboy dreams of becoming a
famous athlete.  And then there are sexual fantasies...wild dreams that we
seldom expect to see come true.
   In this story, Mary Wilson has learned to be honest with her sexual desires,
and she becomes a girl whom many would brand a slut and others would merely
call liberated.  She is a girl dedicated to becoming a sexually liberated
soul---a person who not only feels sexually free, but who has been compelled to
unshackle others from the bonds of puritanism.
   MARY HAD A HOT RAM deals with a volatile issue, an issue that government has
tried to define, that churches have tried to repress, that swingers have tried
to advocate...but perhaps the answer lies with the individual.  Let him or her
decide his own standard of morality where sex between consenting individuals is
concerned, just as Mary has done.

                                    |   |   |
                                   - - - - - -
                                    |   |   |

   Mary Wilson had a little lamb. His fleece was white as snow and he followed
her to school and all that shit, but the nursery rhyme stuff stopped there---
because the little lamb grew up to be a horny ram.
   The ram was a powerful creature with swept-back horns, mighty shoulders and
piledriver haunches. He remained white except for a black face and black rings
around his legs just above the nimble cloven hoofs. He had golden eyes.  He had
the long flowing beard of a patriarch, but his balls were full of youthful cum.
   He had a huge prick and massive balls.  In the prime of his life, the ram
would have been ready to challenge all other rams for the right to fuck the
fat, wooly ewes that grazed on the green hillside, for he knew his rightful
place.
   But it had been reared as a pet. And the ram often turned a glowing golden
eye on Mary and his thoughts were hardly sheepish...
   Mary Wilson was a teen by the time the ram was in his youthful prime.  She
could hardly fail to notice the change in the beast.  As a soft wooly lamb she
had named him cuddles but as he grew into a powerful hard-muscled creature the
name had seemed rather silly and she had begun to call him Rocky the Ram.
   Mary was growing into a nubile young lady at the same time that Rocky
matured into potency.
   Mary was still a virgin and quite innocent, although, being a farm girl, she
knew all about the way that animals fucked and observed those bestial fuckings
with interest.  She wasn't sure just how humans fucked but, being inquisitive,
had often listened to the grunts and the moans that drifted through the thin
wooden farmhouse walls from her parents' bedroom.
   Fucking sounded like fun.

                                     +  +  +
                                     |  |  |

   Although the ram was no longer what could be called cuddly, he was still
Mary's favorite pet and she often stroked and petted the powerful brute.
   She had also recently started to stroke and pet her cunt.
   She had discovered the pleasures of self-caress more or less by accident.
   One day her pussy had been particularly hot and juicy and her clit was
standing out stiff and tingling.  Mary had begun to rub her crotch to soothe
her cunt, not quite sure what had caused the condition. very soon, a thrill had
started to sweep through her pussy.
   She had been surprised by such a wonderful sensation.  Her hand had rubbed
vigorously away.  All of a sudden her big blue eyes had snapped wide open in
amazement and her mouth had trembled as her first ever orgasm ripped through
her.  She had been almost frightened by such intense feeling.
   After she'd finished coming and her cunt had cooled down, the girl had
thought about what had happened.
   She had a strict upbringing.
   Anything that felt that good, she figured, just had to be a sin.  She vowed
never to rub her cunt again.
   Fifteen minutes later she frigged herself off again.
   Since that day of discovery, Mary began to give herself handjobs with
regularity, at least once a day.
   Her hands felt so lovely that the girl just had to wonder what a cock or a
tongue would feel like.
   There was a girl in her school---a one room country schoolhouse---who had a
bad reputation.  Her name was Lulu May Dickens and it was rumored that she had
gone all the way with more than one of the lusty local lads.  Mary placed
little stock in such gossip as a rule, but she thought that Lulu May looked
like the sort of girl who had been naughty.
   Mary was eager to ask Lulu May about such things.  But Mary was shy.  She
couldn't think of a way to bring such a subject into the conversation without
becoming embarrassed.
   One fine spring day, Mary was sitting on a fallen log out in the back forty,
out of sight of the farmhouse, watching the fluffy white clouds drift across
the bright blue sky and thinking about this and that.  Mainly she was thinking
about sex and trying to figure out how to ask the advice of Lulu May without
seeming to be too interested, to find out about naughty things without acting
naughty.
   She was wearing a checkered dress and a blue bonnet with a pink ribbon.
   Under the dress, she wore nothing.
   Being a young farm girl of 18, Mary did not have any sexy underwear.  She
had no money of her own with which to buy any.  The local general store didn't
stock anything like that, anyhow, and her mother always bought her plain white
panties and bras as unshapely and restrictive as armor plate.
   Mary hated those awful undies.
   So she had taken to not wearing them.
   She liked to know and feel that she was naked under her dresses.  It gave
her a thrill.
   It was also handy for frigging herself off.
   It was a bother to have to remove her panties when she felt like a quick
fingerfucking and if she left them on she always got the crotchband soaking
wet, which was awfully embarrassing when her mother washed them in the tub.
   She hadn't yet decided if she would give herself a handjob today. It was a
Saturday and she had slept later than usual.  By the time that she awoke, her
mother was banging the gong to announce that breakfast was on the table.
   Usually on Saturday mornings when she didn't have to hurry to get to school,
Mary liked to stay in bed and enjoy a long and leisurely fingerfucking session.
   This morning she had been forced to make a choice---she could miss breakfast
and have a good come, or she could forego the pleasures of her pussy for those
of her tummy. Mary had a healthy appetite and she could smell bacon and coffee.
Furthermore, having just awakened, she had not had time to think the sort of
thoughts that usually got her cunt smoldering.  Anyhow, she reasoned, she could
always fingerfuck later on if she wanted to.  So she went down to breakfast.
   Then she wandered out to the fields.
   Now she began to squirm on the log as, thinking of the things that naughty
Lulu May might have done, she became aroused and horny.
   The idea of fingerfucking herself in the fresh air was attractive.  An
outdoor handjob seemed sort of wholesome.
   She was in no hurry to come.
   Coming was the best part, certainly, but Mary liked to enjoy the build up
and the preliminaries. She looked around to make sure that there was no one who
could see her, then, smiling, she began to unbutton the front of her dress.
Spreading it open, she tilted her face down and looked at her tits.
   They were lovely tits.
   Mary had been amazed when they first became so large and shapely, and she
admired them a great deal. Her tits were full and firm, and her nipples were
big and fat.  When they got stiff, as they were now, they stood out like little
pink spaceships ready to be launched.
   She knew that the boys in school looked at her tits a lot.
   But they looked at the rest of her, too.
   Mary's ass was shaped like a teardrop, firm and sweeping.  Her waist was
tiny and her hips were rounded.  She had long, shapely legs that seem to have
been designed for wrapping around a man's haunches as he fucked her and had a
gently sloping belly fashioned to pump a man dry.
   Her face was well matched to that splendid body.  She had big blue eyes that
looked innocent when they were wide open but not so innocent when they were
narrowed with desire. Her mouth was wide and full and sensual, the lower lip
slightly turned down in a cute pout.  Her hair was thick and blonde, like coils
of spun gold tumbling to her shoulders, cascading over her cheeks.
   Now she gazed down at her tits.
   As she looked, as if her vision were gently caressing her, her nipples began
to grow and stiffen.
  She cupped her tits in her hands, lifting the plump tits and pushing them
together into deep cleavage.
   Cupping her tits in her palms and fingers, she began to seep her thumbs back
and forth across the nips.
   She was starting slowly.
   Mary hadn't yet decided what to think about, what fantasy to employ while
she worked on her hot cunt.
   Usually she thought about Jimmy Wilson or George Hubble.  They were the
best-looking boys at her school. But sometimes she liked to think about
nameless strangers.  Sometimes she fantasized about more than one nameless
stranger at once, imagining what it would be like to have two or three horny
young men fondling her at the same time.
   She had even pretended that she had sneaked into a monastery where monks had
been without women for years, and she had fantasized about a jailbreak, when a
dozen escaped convicts who'd had nothing better than their own fists for their
long incarcerations raped her.
   Mary was a normal heterosexual girl.
   She had never thought about doing anything naughty with another girl---yet.
   Nor had she ever thought about fucking with an animal.
   Like, say, a ram...
   Yet there had been a nagging sensation, a dark thrill that was not yet
knowledge the last time she had fondled Rocky the Ram.  Mary had felt the
sexuality of the potent beast.  His powerful muscles had trembled and vibrated
under her hands and his head had tossed about as he snorted with vague
significance.
   The girl had become sexually aroused and had had to rub herself off three
times afterwards before she was satiated.  Yet she was still innocent and did
not realize that it was the ram who had turned her on.
   And perhaps the ram had not yet realized why his balls had bloated and his
big prick tensed as Mary petted him.
   Both girl and ram sensed what they did not yet realize...
   Mary squirmed on the fallen tree, the rough bark stimulating her juicy pussy.
   She lifted her tits higher and ducked her head lower, pushing her tongue out.
   She began to lick her stiff nipples.
   She was lucky, she thought, that her tits were big enough so she could mouth
her own nips.  She would be even luckier when she got some handsome boy to do
it for her, she figured.  She lapped away, her face turning as she switched
back and forth from taut tip to tip.  Then she gently slurped one nipple into
her lips and began to nurse.
   Her nipples seemed to explode in her lips.
   She switched to the other.
   It was like a stick of dynamite.
   The rippling thrill ran through her tits and rushed down her belly and
swirled in waves in her crotch. She could feel her clit expand just like the
nipples.
   She wished that she were agile enough to get her head down there and tongue
her sparking clit.
   But she knew that she couldn't.
  She had tried once.
   She had sat on the edge of her bed and bent down as far as she could go, but
her tongue had fallen just short--- frustratingly short--- of her creamy cunt.
Then she had leaned back and had thrown her ass and hips up, her feet over her
head, and had tried to get at her tasty-looking pussy that way.  But she had
failed by inches again.  Her cunt, just over her eager upturned face, had
fluttered and the cuntlips had unfurled and a drop of hot cuntjuice had fallen
right onto her straining tongue.  Mary had let it run around on her tastebuds
for a moment, finding it delicious, then had swallowed it down.
   Her failure had left her pussy smoldering.
   Her fingers had done the job but she still yearned for a nimble tongue to
lave her cunt.
   Mary mouthed her tits and nipples for some time, growing hotter by the
second.
   Then she hiked her ass up from the log and drew her dress up above the
waist.  Parting her sleek thighs, she gazed down at her pussy. She was very
fond of her cunt because her pussy gave her so much pleasure and was looking
forward to the day when her cunt would be giving someone else pleasure at the
same time.
   Her cuntlips were unfurled like the petals of a fleshy pink flower, opening
to the morning sunlight and still streaked with pearly dew.  Her pussy had
opened and was flooded with cuntjuice.  The darker inner flesh was streaked
with fuck cream and her clit button stood out in a taut nugget.
   Not touching herself with her hands yet, the oversexed farm girl caressed
her cunt with her vision.
   She licked her lips.
   She began running the tips of her fingers slowly up the velvety flesh of her
inner thighs, teasing herself, stopping just short of her pussy.  She wriggled
on the log, starting to pant.  Her fingers traced up the creased folds where
her legs joined her pelvis, running parallel to her steaming cunt.
   She flicked a fingertip over her clit.
   She shuddered all over with the sensation.
   Bringing her hand up to her lips, she moistened her fingertips with spit,
then flicked them over her clit bud again.  When she brought them back to her
mouth, she could taste her own delicious cuntjuice. She was starting to really
squirm by this time.  Her slender back arched, her fat tits thrusting out.  She
looked past those looming tit globes as she eyed her pussy.
   She began to fondle her cunt with both hands.
   With one hand she stroked her turbulent clit.  with the other, tilting her
wrist, she slowly and steadily fucked three stiffened fingers in and out of the
hole.
   Her cunt sucked on her fingers, the inner muscles contracting as her hole
dragged and pulled.
   Her love button expanded and fluttered.
   Her eyes had narrowed and her lips parted, her pretty young face contorted
into a mask of pure passion.  She was panting like a steam engine and hot
flashes ran through her body, melting her loins and shooting like an electric
current up the smooth flesh of her trembling thighs.
   She was almost ready to cream.
   She fucked her fingers in steadily and strummed her clit as if she were
playing a banjo.  The wild thrill increased, the passion waves coming higher
with each joyful spasm.
   Just as the horny girl was about to reach the crest, she realized she was
not alone.
   She was being watched!
   "Oh!" she cried, blushing with embarrassment.
   Her hands stopped moving.  She was about to pull her dress down to conceal
her creamy shame.
   She looked about frantically, wondering who was watching her.  Was it one of
the farm-hands or, worse, her daddy?
   Then she saw the eyes that were fixed upon her.
   They were golden eyes.
   Rocky the Ram was watching the horny girl masturbate...

                                        ^
                                      < + >
                                        v


   Mary's first feeling was relief.
   It would have been mortifying to have a human see what she had been doing,
but the ram was only a dumb animal.
   Yet she still felt embarrassed.
   Animal or not, he was giving her a very strange sort of look.  Did a ram
know about handjobs?  They certainly weren't equipped for such things, not with
those cloven hooves.  But did they understand how talanted a hand with an
opposing thumb was?  Did Rocky realize Mary was doing something sexual?
   The girl still felt embarrassed.
   And she still felt horny, too. She had been just about to come when she  had
been interrupted.  With her orgasm stopped at the last moment, her cunt was
steaming and her clit was throbbing with a terrible immediacy.
   She wished that the ram would wander off so that she could finish her
handjob.
   She just couldn't bring herself to continue while those golden eyes were
fixed upon her.
   Then Rocky stepped out of the bushes and slowly advanced towards the
frustrated girl, a speculative look in his elliptical eyes.  He was stepping
lightly, almost gingerly, placing his cloven hooves with care.
   Mary noticed that his prick was semi-hard.
   She supposed that the ram was out looking for a plump sheep to fuck. Why
else would his cock be getting hard?  Surely it could have nothing to do with
her.
   Rocky moved up and stopped just in front of her, dipping his big horned head
down and pawing the earth.  Mary began to stroke his hairy neck.  She could
feel the pulse beat there, drumming steadily. His whole body seemed vibrant,
and the girl could not help but gaze under his belly and look at his cock.
   She saw that his dark-grey balls were like inflated balloons, full of sap.
His prick stuck out in a great loop, not really rampant yet but coiling from
his loins, the knob starting to squeeze out from the woolly sheath.  His
cockhead was dark, almost black, a startling contrast to his fleecy white coat
and woolly stalk.  His cock was a lot bigger than a human prick, she
calculated, for although she had never had anything to do with a human prick
she didn't think that a cock that big would fit in a pair of trousers.
   She stroked the ram's hairy flank.
   His cock quivered, hardening more.
   Mary had an unholy urge to touch the ram's prick.
   She wanted to find out what a cock felt like.
   But she struggled against the urge, knowing that touching a prick was a very
naughty thing to do.  The ram stepped sideways, his hind-quarters turning as if
he realized what she was thinking and was presenting his prick to her.
   Mary shook her head, shuddering.
   No!  I won't touch him there! she thought.
   She closed her eyes to lessen the temptation, for his prick was a sightly
slab of cockmeat.
   She felt the ram's breath billow over her bare tits, then waft over her
thighs.
   Although her dress was still hiked up above her waist, she had closed her
legs.  But, as she felt the ram's breath bathe her loins, her thighs trembled
and very slowly parted.  It couldn't be really naughty just to let the brute
breathe on her, she thought.  Just to see what hot breath felt like on hot
cunt, just out of curiosity--- harmless curiosity.
   That breath billowed into her groin.
   Then the ram thrust his muzzle in and began to nibble very lightly at her
pussy.
   Mary gasped.
   She started to push his head away, then stopped because that gentle nibbling
felt awfully good! It was amazing how soft the beast's lips were as they pulled
so tenderly on her overheated flesh.  She felt her cuntlips ripple and spread.
Her clit sparked.  The ram's soft tongue began to slurp right up her wet pussy.
   Mary realized suddenly that she would be able to have an orgasm if she let
the ram keep nuzzling her.
   She knew she ought to stop him.
   But she had been longing for the feeling of a tongue on her pussy, and that
long, hot, soft tongue felt absolutely wonderful.  She didn't have the heart to
stop the beast as he licked her pussy.  She opened her eyes, staring down,
watching his tongue lave her creamy cunt.  She wailed, dizzy with lust.  She
folded one hand in his long flowing beard and wrapped the other fist around one
of his heavy curved horns, as if to hold him in place.  But Rocky did not need
to be held there--- he was savoring the taste of human cunt, just starting to
get the idea that a human female had the same sort of cunt that a sheep had.
He was wondering if that pussy could be used for the same purpose.
   "Oh---oh---oh!"   Mary gasped.
   The thrill was racing through her cunt again.  She clung to his horns and
beard and her hips began to pump.  Her belly heaved and her juicy ass churned
about on the log as she worked her cunt around on the ram's snout.  Ribbons of
cuntjuice poured down her crotch.  The ram lapped the sweet fuck juice up.
Trickles seeped down into the taut crack of her ass and the ram's tongue slid
up, gathering the cuntjuice from her ass and then sweeping on up her crotch and
over her clit.
   Mary arched her back.
   Her bonnet fell off.
   Her knees rose up and she clamped her smooth thighs around the ram's mighty
shoulders as she ground her crotch around in his face and on his sweeping
tongue.
   She was doing a wicked thing, a sinful thing.  But the thrill was all the
greater because of that!
   Then the thrill was as great as it could get.
   Long lateral waves of lust passed across her belly and met the electric
current that sped up her thighs, the separate spasms meeting in a surging storm
in her cunt.
   Mary was coming.
   The thrills came faster and higher, running through her in such rapid
sequence that soon they were merging together.  One prolonged height of bliss
seemed to racked her cunt.
   Her cuntjuice gushed out in a deluge.
   Rocky lapped the fuck juice up with relish.
   At long last her orgasm ended. She stopped thrashing about.  Her pussy still
tingled in the aftermath of her climax.  The ram continued to lap and nibble at
her cunt as if to make sure that he had worked off every spasm and lapped up
every drop of fuck juice.
   Then he raised his head and gazed at the young girl with a curious
expression.
   Mary was blushing furiously. Even though he was only a dumb animal who
probably didn't even know what he had just done, she could not help but be
embarrassed at having allowed a ram to tongue her cunt to climax.
   Yet it had been wonderful and, even as she blushed with the shame of it, she
was wondring if the ram had enjoyed licking her pussy enough to want to tongue
her cunt again. Lots of times.
   He had certainly seemed to relish her pussy.
   Now she noticed that his huge prick was completely erect, the dark knob
throbbing and flaring and the woolly white shaft so taut that his whole cock
was almost humming like a tuning fork.
   Obviously the ram had gotten horny while he had lapped her cunt.
   The poor brute was feeling frustrated now.
   Mary knew what frustration was.
   And Mary was always kind to animals.
   It was only natural that the innocent young girl should think about jerking
the ram off to relieve him, milking his fat prick out of gratitude and kindness.
   It was an act of charity, nothing else.
   But she had to admit that the idea thrilled her.

                               - - <+> <+> <+> - -

   Rocky the ram was confused by his frustration, for this situation was as new
to him as it was to Mary. Lapping her juicy cunt had been a natural thing to do
and getting a hard-on during that tasty snack was also natural, but now the ram
was confused.
   Mary had a hot cunt, but she was not a sheep.  Rocky had never fucked
anything but a sheep before and he wasn't sure if such things were possible, if
the fuck could be arranged, if his prick would fit up her cunt.  If the girl
had got down on her hands and knees, the situation would have been less alien
to the lusty brute and he most likely would have mounted her.  But since she
was still seated on the fallen tree, facing him, the dumb animal had no idea
how to proceed.
   Mary was wondering how to go about it, herself.
   She had made up her mind that she was going to jack the ram off, half
convincing herself that she was doing it strictly out of kindness and not
because her hands were itching for a feel of that robust cock or because her
eyes yearned to see the jism spurt from his prick. But she wasn't sure how to
approach the task.  Mary had never had a cock in her hand before, not even a
human cock.  She had a pretty good idea how it was done but she wasn't sure how
to get at the beast or where to aim his load.  Should she jack him off from
behind--- from the root of his prick--- so that the stuff flew away from her?
Or should she jack his cock from the front and let the brute come on her?
   She decided to play it by ear, to start jacking from halfway up the prick
and see where her inclinations led her.
   The ram was twitching and stamping his feet.
   His big horns swept up and down as if he were trying to demonstrate the sort
of stroking motion that his cock required.
   Mary slid down from the log.
   She was kneeling now, closer to a fucking position, but Rocky was still
uncertain.  For one thing, she was kneeling only on her hindlegs and for
another she was facing him. The very idea of fucking face to face seemed
totally weird.
   Mary began stroking his flank.
   She was delaying, struggling with last minute inhibitions.  Yet she wanted
to touch his cock so much that it frightened her.  She wondered how sinful it
would be. She wondered what the preacher would think about such things.  Was it
hellfire and damnation stuff, or was it just a little harmless and enjoyable
amusement?  It wasn't, she reasoned, as if she were actually fucking an animal.
A hand wasn't a cunt.  She had often stroked and petted her pet ram before, and
just because she happened to be stroking a different part of his body didn't
really seem to make it that much different--- or so she told herself.
   His cock was throbbing.
   She slid a hand under him, palm upward, and cupped his balls.  She gave a
little gasp as she felt how packed full of cum they were.  She lifted them
slightly, as if trying to guess the weight of the hot load. She was thrilled to
feel his hard balls shift inside the dark sac.
   She slowly slid her hand up along the fleecy stalk.
   His cock pulsed and rippled.
   She fingered the underside of his cockhead, causing his prick-knob to flare
out and throb with urgency.
   The ram had turned his horned head sideways, watching his mistress with his
elliptical eyes, amazed to realize that human hands could caress a cock as no
hoof could ever do.  He was starting to understand that there were things that
could be done with humans that might be as much fun as fucking.
   The ram was quite content to play a passive role and let the girl do what
she would, as long as what she did felt as good as it felt at the moment.
   Mary fingered his cockhead, fascinated by the rubbery texture, like a lump
of hot iron encased in taut elastic.
   The cleft parted and Mary gasped when she saw the frothy pre-cum bubbling in
the gap.
   She was eager to milk him off and see that lovely cum hose out of his huge
prick, to feel his cock throb in her hands as he came.  She cupped both hands
around his prick, just below the cock-crown, gripping his prick as if his cock
were a club. She began to stroke him up and down, her hands just skimming
lightly over the woolly cocksheath at first, then tightening her grip so that
she was moving his foreskin back and forth.
   The fleecy pelt curled up over the ledge behind his prick-knob on the
upstroke, then drew back taut, causing his meaty cockhead to flare out naked
and throbbing.  More pre-cum bubbled out, sparkling on the dark meat of his
cock-crown, running in sticky ribbons down the slope of the big slab of prick.
His cockhead seemed to be burning like a coal now, almost starting to smoke.
   Mary was still kneeling beside him, at right ankles to his cock and bloated
balls.
   She began to inch forwards.
   She refused to admit to herself what her intentions were, but naughty little
Mary wanted the ram to shoot on her body.  Her dress still gaped open, exposing
her heaving tits, and the hem was still drawn up, revealing her steaming cunt.
The girl was eager to feel a load of ram jism spurt onto her heated flesh.
   She moved up until she was kneeling beside the ram's burly shoulder, both
hands pulling and pushing up and down his prick.  His cockhead was looming out
right in her face.
   She stared at that pulsating wedge of cockmeat, trembling violently, as if
in sympathetic vibration with the huge prick which was trembling so
energetically in her hands.
   Mary was licking her lips.
   Oh, no! She thought!  No, she would never lick an animal's cock!
   Jacking him off, she had convinced herself, was harmless enough and a simple
kindness.  And letting him lap her cunt hadn't really been a sexual act.  But
it would be too depraved to even dream of using her tongue on his cock!
   But how delicious his prick looked!
   She wondered what cock would taste like.
   With mint sauce, would his prick taste like mutton?  Did cocks have a
distinctive flavor?
   Her mouth was watering.
   Would a ram's prick taste like a human prick?  Would a ram's cum taste like
a man's?  But she had never licked or sucked a man's cock, and she had never
tasted jism, so there was no way that Mary could tell the difference.
   She shook her head as if to clear her thoughts.
   She wanted very much to push her tongue out and take a lick.  She struggled
against the unholy impulse, determined not to yield to such utter depravity.
   Her hands pumped faster.
   Rocky had started to hump now, his mighty haunches bunching with muscle,
fucking his cock in and out, fucking her between her hands and pushing his
cockhead out almost into her face.
   Mary could tell he was ready to shoot.
   Did she realize that, positioned as she was in relationship to the head of
his prick, that the brute was going to hose her face with his steaming load?
   She pretended she intended to have the ram shoot on her tits.  She arched
her back and thrust those plump tits out, ready to receive his squirting cum.
   But her lips were parted, too.
   Her pink tongue was slowly sliding back and forth across her lips.  Her face
was glazed with lust as she knelt directly in front of the ram's prick.  Her
eyes crossed, turning inwards as she fixed her gaze on the head of his cock,
staring at his prick in fascination, waiting for his cock to erupt with his
volcanic coming.
   Rocky was humping vigorously now and her hands were fairly flying up and
down on his fucking cock, pulling up to his prick-knob, pushing back towards
his ballooning balls.  His head was thrust out over her shoulder, the long
beard trailing down her back.
   She felt his prick give a great lurch.
   The ram bellowed.
   His balls seemed to explode and his cockshaft spread out as the thick sap
rushed up.  Mary gasped and pumped back on his prick.
   A great geyser of cum spurted from his cock-knob.
   The creamy jism hosed Mary's face.
   Cum splashed all over her chin and her cheeks and a ribbon of slime ran
across her parted lips--- where her tongue was sliding.
   Mary wailed with joy and kept on pumping his prick.
   He squirted a second mighty stream of hot cum into her face.
   The jism was running over her arched tongue and sliding back into her mouth.
   His third spurt, coming under reduced pressure, fell short of her face and
dropped onto her heaving tits.
   That was what she had intended in the first place, Mary told herself.
   The first two spurts in her face had been a mistake, an accident. She
convinced herself that she had simply misjudged the angle, and a girl could not
be blamed for getting a facefull of animal jism by accident.  Yet, even as she
rationalized that, her lips were still parted  and her hot little tongue
continued to lap up the hot spunk.
   She kept stroking his cock, and he shot another dose of jism onto her tits.
The head of his cock began to bob up and down and soften slightly.  But cum was
still pouring out.  Mary gave a little squeal and dropped onto her back,
squirming under the brute.  She raised her knees and took the head of his prick
between her thighs and massaged his cock-knob, milking out the last of his
spunk with her knees.
   The stuff poured down the insides of her smooth thighs and pooled up in her
cunt.
   Her cuntjuice gushed out to mingle with the ram jism.
   Mary was so hot that she didn't know if she had come or not.  Her fuck
juices had certainly flowed, but that draining did nothing to reduce the
surging lust in her cunt.
   His cock had stopped dripping now and her legs fell away.  She rested there,
spread-eagled in the grass, her whole body heaving as she panted with wild
passion.
   The ram sidestepped away from her body.
   He looked thunderstruck, amazed that human hands could have brought such
pleasure to him.
   His big prick had only softened slightly, enough to bob up and down.
However, his cock had hardly dimished in size at all.
   Mary gazed at his cock and realized that the ram was not yet satisfied,
despite shooting all that cum.
   And she knew damned well that, whether she had come or not, she was not
satisfied either.
   She wondered if she should jerk him off again.
   As she thought about it, her tongue continued to glide across her creamy
lips, lapping up cum.  The girl suddenly blinked, as if she had just realized
what she was doing, that she had swallowed a mouthfull of ram spunk.  And the
stuff was delicious!  She didn't know if ram jism tasted like human cum, but
she couldn't see how any cum could taste any better!
   She knew it was very naughty to drink animal spunk.
   But since she had already done it--- although it had happened by mistake, of
course--- it didn't seem to be any more wicked to finish the job.  She lapped
her lips clean and then leaned down and began to tongue the congealing jism off
her fat tits and stiff nipples.
   The more cum she slurped up, the hungrier it made her.  Jism was like an
appetizer, she realized.  Licking cum up was making her ravenous for more, for
a whole load!  And if the stuff was so delicious second hand, just imagine how
wonderful it would be if she were to swallow a whole load straight out of the
ram's prick!
   She eyed that tasty cockmeat.
   She blushed the shame at her own desires and shuddered with the joyful
anticipation.
   Mary was able to rationalize these things.
   Having already swallowed some ram cum, her sins would not be compounded if
she swallowed some more of the stuff.  And if the ram's big prick just happened
to be in her mouth when he shot his wad, that was merely a convenience, so that
she wouldn't spill a drop.
   Mary decided to suck the ram off.

                                + * + * + * + * +
                                | | | | | | | | |
                         ...(CONTINUED in Chapter FOUR.)
