Master to Slave:  That initial contact
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

You study in uniform during my visit.  Not only because you like to show off,
but because you don't want to know what I might do if I catch you out of
uniform, or if I catch you neglecting your studies.  You sit at the small desk
in the corner, your back to me and the bathroom in this small but comfortable
hotel room.

You are wearing your collar, and the new outfit you purchased.  It's lacy and
powder blue.  Your nipples are in their clamps; the chain between them swinging
cool and shifting quietly between.  Your wrists are wrapped in your leather
shackles which jingle freely with every motion, sweeping of the pen, and shift
of your hands.  Your blonde hair sways as well in it's ponytail, exposing your
soft sloping neck and giving you the look of a youthful teen from behind.

I move casualy across the warm room and you hear my foot falls but only stop
writting for a moment before returning to your work.  The carpet bows beneath
my feet and as I come closer it calls to you like a spy and warns you of my
approach.  You do not shy, nor do you pause.  I am your master and your reason
for the happiness in your flushed cheeks.

I lean down over your back and glance at your work.  Some research project on
a long destroyed druidic grove.  My very warm hands come down lightly on your
shoulders and I trace with my hand the path I drew in our passion as it flows
down your back and wanders over your smooth flesh.  You are slightly disrupted
by my touch and I say, "continue."  Reluctantly you do.

Time passes and so do my hands across your body.  My breathing becomes deeper
as the hypnosis of my motions begin to take their tole on us both.  My cock
a clear indication of my lusty thoughts.  Thousands of moments later I ask
"What do you think of your uniform, my pet?"

You turn and look into my eyes, saying more than your words ever could.  I see
the devotion, the love, the joy.  You have been waiting weeks for my arrival
and for your adoption as my slave.  Without a master who can take care of you
for more than two months you have grown eager.  Not entirely a good thing as
you have become over eager in some ways.  I have spent weeks grooming your
psyche and testing your will, and it has payed off.  I have yet to use your
body, with the exception of these last touches, and you are now ready to fall
on your knees to thank me.

Before you can say a word in thanks to me, I take your hand and help you to
your feet.  We both stand naked before each other.  Your eyes drop to the
floor and your arms are at your sides.  my fingers close the gap between us,
and you feel a whispy touch on your elbow, it tickles lightly as it traces down
each arm.  You want to squirm but to do so would be naughty and your desires
to please me are strong.  I smile in recognition of your signs of devotion.

That light whispy touch, soothing and calming turns to a lightning fast action
of strength and determination as I grab one arm by the shackled wrist and I
twist it, sliding behind you, and I grab the other shackle.  Having been
palming them until now, you had not noticed but I quickly snap two thumb cuffs
into place around the rings in your wrist shackles pinning your arms behind
you like you were handcuffed.  You are not hurt, but more shocked at my sudden
change.  As I lift lightly on the back of one of your hands you rise to your
tip-toes and move in the direction I lead you without resistance.

I bring you to the bed and you hear me whisper in your ear "kneel!"  You do
so quickly.  I use one foot to kick apart your knees and I crawl between your
legs, behind you on my own knees.  my hands return to the light touch as I
trace up from each hand, examining your subtle but toned muscles not far down.
"You have been working out?"  You nod your head yes.

"It shows, my pet.  You are looking ssscrumptious!"  I can feel your body perk
up at this.  You know that when I start talking with taste-related adjectives
that someone is going to taste someones sweet flesh.

I lean into you and you feel my warm steamy breath on your neck followed by
the chill as the moisture cools quickly and chills you slightly.  You relax
under my proximity and absorb the sensations I share with you.  My breaths
are accompanied by my hands, firmly gropping your upper arms and shoulders.
Then you feel something else, hot and... yes wet.  I slowly stroke your neck
now with my tougne, with long wide lashings.

Those lashings pull at your skin and my hands work down your sides, turning you
slightly to the side and you are audibly affected as my tougne makes it's way
up your neck and to your ear.  As my tougne gets to your jaw my hands begin the
journey up from your waist, across your stomach and higher.  My tougne dances
it's way to your ear lobe and my hands massage their way over and past your
breasts and your hardened nipples without so much as a second thought.  With
this my teeth nibble your ear lobe, gently tripping your nearves and filling
your senses.
