			 A MASKED BALL                                                                                            
		   (by Eros)





    Every Halloween, my college fraternity holds a "Masquerade
Weekend." The theme follows that of an old English ball and days
before, we would all go into a frenzy of activity getting
everything ready. We hoped that a departure from the Roman
orgies most other houses hosted would be a real success with the
women on campus.

    This past year, we decorated the lawn and garden with
streamers of lights, and tried to make the atmosphere as
romantic as possible. The weather was perfect and a steady
stream of lovely damsels showed up, but none of them really
caught my attention. That is, until I saw this gorgeous blonde
walk in... a vision of loveliness who wore a tight-fitting white
silk gown that set off her slender figure to perfection. Her
entire face-except for her sensuous red lips and shimmering blue
eyes-was hidden by a mask. When our eyes met for the first time,
she literally took my breath away.

    I asked her to dance, and the sparks flew as soon as our
fingers touched. As she moulded herself against me, an instant
erection tented the front of my pants. Her warmth and her body
language told me that the feelings were mutual. I could feel
heat radiating from her pussy beneath her gown.

    She pressed her groin against mine, and we were practically
dry-humping right on the dance floor. Her hands, hidden by the
full folds of her dress, reached down and stroked the length of
my hardening shaft through the thin material of my trousers. My
cockhead strained for her pussy lips, the first drops of
pre-come easing from its tip.

    "Let's get out of here," she whispered, her hot breath
filling my ear.

    I led her upstairs to my room and gently began undressing
her. She allowed me to slip off her clothes, but held my hand
when I went to take her mask off. Instead, she led me to my bed,
lay down, and reached her arms toward me. I gasped at the sight
of her gorgeous naked body on my sheets. Her generous breasts
were topped by beautiful cherry-red nipples. Her round, full
hips and lovely, shapely thighs framed a light downy triangle of
glistening, strawberry-blonde pussy hair.

    She lay back with a sensuous moan and I cupped her full
breasts, squeezing her nipples, and smothering her luscious lips
with a long, probing kiss. Then I traced teasing circles around
her tits with my tongue before taking them into my mouth one at
a time and sucking her erect little nipples into my mouth. My
hands slid down her tight, flat stomach and traced the curve of
her hips, coming to rest at last on her hot, moist pussy.

    "You're so wet! I can't wait to taste you, baby," I moaned.

    In response, she arched her hips, pushing her steaming mound
into my face. My fingers thrust into her dripping slit. She
shuddered as my tongue replaced my probing fingers, and she gave
a wanton little squeal of lust as I sucked noisily and greedily
on her swollen clit.

    She came very quickly, squirming her ass around on the bed
and moaning loudly as I slurped up her delicious, creamy
cum-juice. I pressed my mouth over her glistening pink cuntslit
and sucked gently until her spasms of ecstasy subsided. Then I
propped myself on my elbows and kissed her sweet lips, which
still were surrounded by her mask of mystery. She began to lick
my lips, tasting her own cunt. Then she traced a trail of saliva
down my chest. Her pink tongue slithered out through the
mouth-hole of her mask, and my cock disappeared into that
mysterious aperture, smothered by her hot, wet lips, teased to
an agonizing peak by her flicking tongue. What an unforgettable
sight!

    Just when l felt myself at the point of no return, she knelt
above me and straddled my hips. Then, positioning the tip of my
cock into her lightly furred slit, she lowered herself onto me,
enveloping my throbbing shaft completely. God, she was tight! I
lifted my hips and rammed my raging prick up into her pussy and
she began to ride me, bouncing her hot, slippery cunt up and
down on my cock like crazy. We were both so highly aroused that
we came within minutes. She leaned down and sought my lips as
she climaxed. I returned her hot, passionate kiss and held her
hard against me as I plunged into her spasming pussy. We both
came with loud groans of pleasure, and we spent the rest of the
night entwined in each other's arms, resting periodically, then
fucking and sucking ourselves almost to exhaustion before
continuing the cycle.

    In the morning, tired but happy, I awoke to aromatic sheets
and a note that read simply, "I'll see you again!" I never did
get to see her face, so I'm looking forward to another encounter
with a special lady with long blonde hair... with or without her
mask.

			      The End.

