Archive-name: 3plus/massage2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Deep Massage


     You have just found the place you were looking for.  Your friends said
you MUST visit this special Paris massage parlor. They refused to give you any
details, but they promised you would not be sorry.

     The beautiful woman at the front desk of Chez Child checks your
reservation and lets you into a small shower room.  The room is warm and has
bright lights for heating and tanning.  You take off your skirt and blouse,
and admire yourself in the mirror. Then you take off your heels, nylons, bra
and panties.  You put all of your clothes in a small numbered locker.

     Most of the small room is taken up by the shower area, and there is no
shower curtain.  But the warm lights and the warm water really make you feel
good all over.  As you rub soap over your breasts, you pose for yourself in
the mirrors.  You like the way you look, and you are starting to get excited
while you watch yourself rub and squeeze your erect nipples.  You turn around
and bend over to soap your legs.  You catch a view of yourself in the mirror
as you look between your legs.  You spread the cheeks of your ass to rinse the
soap off, and rub your pussy until your inner lips become swollen.

     When you stop the shower, you see the cute french bidet.  You heard about
these but never saw one before, so you try it. There is a soft leather cushion
for you to sit on while you spray the warm water on your pussy.  You start to
get really turned on, because you can see yourself really well in the mirror.
You spread your pussy lips wide so the water sprays deep inside you. After
playing with your clitoris for a few minutes, you start to shiver and shake
with a beautiful orgasm.   Ummmmmmm.

     While showering and using the bidet, you were waiting for a green light
to come on over the exit door.  Now it goes on, and you hear the exit unlock
from the other side.  When you go through the door, you see another small
mirrored room.  There is a long, narrow, padded massage table with a towel for
you to wrap yourself in.  You lay down on your stomach, covered with the towel
and wait for the masseur.  He comes in from a side door.  He looks very
polite, and professional.  And he is very good looking.  But he is
blindfolded.  He knows you are there, but he can't see you.

     As he starts to spread oil over your back, the lights start to get dim.
You are really enjoying the massage, which never touches you in a sexual way.
In fact, you start to wish he would slip a hand under your breast or between
your legs, but he doesn't.  Suddenly, with the lights dim, you realize you can
see THROUGH the mirror in front of you into the shower room you just left.  It
is a one-way mirror.

     In the bright lights of the other room, you see another woman get
undressed.  And while your masseur is rubbing oil on you, you watch the other
woman do the same things you did.  You watch her pose in the mirrors while
soaping her breasts.  You watch her bend over and turn her ass towards you.
And you know that she can't see you.  She is just playing with herself in the
mirror. And you watch her masturbate in the bidet, just like you did. You know
the masseur can't see any of this.  Only you can.  And he doesn't even know
for sure if you are watching the other woman.  You are getting so horny you
can't stand it.    You aren't covered by the towel anymore, but he just won't
touch your nipples or pussy.

     You strain and twist your body every way you can to try to make him touch
you sexually.  You spread your legs wide while on your back, but he only rubs
the inside of your thighs.  You force your breasts against his hands, but he
always misses your nipples. You get on hands and knees and point your ass and
pussy high towards his face.  But he can't see you, and only slightly rubs the
edges of your pussy.  In fact, he starts to rub all around your pussy lips,
which are now wide open and hungry.  But his fingers never touch the inner
lips.  You feel hollow and ache. You push your own fingers in your pussy and,
in only a few seconds, you scream in a wild orgasm, coming almost at the same
time as the woman on the other side of the mirror in the bidet.

     Suddenly the lights get bright.  He hands you your towel and leads you
out the back door into a third room.  This time HE lays face up on the massage
table, and he pushes his hands into cuffs.  You hear something click, and you
see he can't get his hands free.  Then the lights go out completely.  As your
eyes get used to the darkness, you realize that you can now see into the
middle room.  You see the other woman lay down on the massage table.

     Suddenly you understand.  You almost tear his pants as you rip them down
his legs.  His swollen cock is yours to do with as you please, or not please.
You straddle his stomach, and lean your breast into his face, and his mouth
closes eagerly over your aching nipple.  You have another orgasm as he sucks
on you while you rub your pussy on his belly.  This one is so good that your
legs and belly quiver and shake with it for several minutes.

     By the time the other woman has raised her wide open ass and pussy into
the air, POINTING RIGHT AT YOU through the mirror, you are ready.  You slide
the rest of the way down his cock until it fills you completely.  And while
the other masseur is teasing the other woman's pussy, you have the most
tremendous series of non-stop orgasms you have ever had.  You almost pass out
from head to toe waves of unbelievable pleasure.

     The lights come on, and you are completely exhausted.  You hug your
masseur warmly and kiss his mouth, tongues probing lovingly. And you whisper,
"What is your name?  I must meet you again, soon."   His cuffs unlock
automatically, and he takes off his blindfold.  He softly locks his eyes with
yours, and he lifts and carries you through the last door.  You are still
joined, his penis buried hard, tight and deep in your wet, trembling pussy.
Your arms and legs are wrapped around his strong back.  He slides you up and
down his penis slowly, once ... twice.  And he whispers, "We are not done yet."

     Your masseur carries you into the next room, and carefully sits in a
narrow reclining swivel chair.  His strong arms hold you tightly so that you
are not bounced uncomfortably.  As he leans back, he relaxes his grip so that
you can move freely.  You find yourself half sitting in his lap, and half
laying on his strong, muscular chest.  And he is still deeply embedded in your
body.  There are no sides to the recliner.  You carefully lower your legs to
the floor on each side of him.  His arms are now completely relaxed, but
strong and ready to support you if you lean against them.  You slowly try to
stand up, and find that you have enough room to lift yourself completely off
of him.  If you wanted to, you could get up and walk away.  But you don't. You
are in love with this strong, gentle stranger.  All you want to do is squirm
back down, squeezing every inch of his thick cock with your quivering vaginal
muscles.  You bury your face next to his neat beard, rubbing your cheek on the
curly bristles between his chin and his neck.  And he swings the chair around
to face the other wall.

     Then you remember things aren't always what they seem.  When you look
over his shoulder, you know what to expect.  You think you will see that other
woman raping her handcuffed masseur.  But, you are wrong.  Instead, you see
two women sharing one narrow massage table.  The nearest woman is leaning over
the near end, with her pussy spread wide in your direction.  She is stretched
out on her stomach, and has her arms wrapped around the hips of the far woman.
She is softly licking and sucking on the far woman's inner thighs and pussy.
She is also dipping her hands in bowls of oil next to the massage table.  She
takes the oil and rubs it every place she can reach on the far woman's body,
especially the breasts.  You can see her gently squeezing and pulling on the
far woman's nipples.

     In the meantime, a different masseur is getting ready to join in.  He is
completely nude, just like the man under you.  He has a long thin hose which
is pouring a small, gentle stream of liquid.  He starts spraying the liquid
over the near woman's thighs, ass, and pussy.  Then, still holding the hose in
position, he steps up to her.  Your view is blocked.  But you know he is
rubbing his cock in and out of her pussy, and at the same time is spraying
that liquid around his cock and on her pussy.

     You are so excited by what is going on, that you can't stand it.  You
watch the liquid running down their legs and draining into holes in the floor.
Every quiver and shiver of the woman's legs and ass cheeks is matched by your
own quivers and shivers.  You lift up and down on your toes, sliding your
pussy up and down your man's cock.  Every muscle spasm in your legs is matched
by a muscle spasm inside your hot, steaming love box.  You come, and come, and
come until you almost pass out.  When you finally stop moving and collapse on
his chest, you can still feel him inside of you.  Every nerve is standing on
end, and your clitoris is buzzing like a bumblebee.  Rubbing it on the base of
your man's penis only makes it buzz more.

     The masseur and his partner have apparently finished enjoying themselves.
He strokes her legs and pussy with more liquid, and then goes over to the far
woman.  He helps that woman stand up, and the two of them head for the door.
She is leaning heavily on his arm.  You see that she is still shaking from
head to toe with spasms.  Her fingers are busy rubbing her pussy, as though
she hasn't had enough yet.  She is practically bow legged, as she holds and
rubs her crotch while leaving the room.  The door closes behind them.

     Your man gently pulls himself out of you, and leads you into that room.
In the meantime, the near woman rolls onto her back and slides up to the far
end of the massage table.  Now, in a flash, you understand everything.  You
know what to expect.  You know who this other woman is.  Not her name, of
course.  But you know she watched you while you showered and masturbated on
the bidet.  While she was watching you, she was having her pussy teased.  You
know she watched you while you had your pussy teased, in turn.  When you were
on your hands and knees begging for your masseur to rub inside your pussy, she
was sliding onto her man's captive penis.  When you masturbated yourself in
front of your blindfolded man, she was having a hard cock climax.  But, she
didn't see you finally squirm onto your man's cock in the third room.  That
was private between you and your man.  While that was happening, she was
watching two other women do things.  These were things the two of you were now
about to do.

     You feel warm kinship with this woman.  She was getting excited watching
you, just as you did with someone else.  Now you want to add your personal
touch.  You stretch out over the end of the table to reach her.  There isn't
enough room for both of you, but that's OK.  You reach your arms around her
hips and bury your face in her hot, juicy pussy.  It smells strongly of spices
and oils.  In fact the whole room smells like that.  You see the bowl of oil
on each side of the table.  You dip your hands in the oil and spread it as far
as you can reach.  You rub her nipples and gently squeeze them.  Her pussy is
wide open, begging for you to stick your whole face, your whole head inside.
You feel her constant, non stop twitching, shivering and shaking.  Under your
tender care, the orgasms don't stop.  But they become smoother, more regular.

     Suddenly you feel a warm liquid splash over your own twitching, itchy
pussy.  It feels wonderful.  Your man is standing behind you, and is playing
with you.  He gently splashes the flow over your thighs, and pussy, and up and
down your ass.  He even slips a small finger inside your asshole, but just for
a second.  It was almost like he knew that you had an itch there.  In fact you
itch everywhere in your crotch.  You are busy loving the woman in front of
you, but you are also squirming your ass around.  You aim your pussy as high
as it will go, and spread your legs as wide as possible, begging him to give
it to you, hard.

     Then you feel him enter your hot, yearning pussy.  Suddenly, he thrusts
hard:  once, twice, three times.  Then you feel him pushing and pounding and
shooting his hot sperm deep inside you.  You go crazy and explode with orgasm
after orgasm, earthquake after earthquake, right along with him.  You feel
your cum pouring out, mixing with his hot sperm.  It seems to go on forever,
in slow motion.  He spurts, you spurt.  He pulses, you contract around his
cock.  He draws back, you try to suck him back in like a vacuum cleaner.  He
thrusts forward, you squeeze him and spurt at the same time.  Over and over.
You can feel the warm hose gushing, his hot cock gushing, and your pussy
gushing, forever.

     Slowly, the volcano subsides.  You are on fire.  Your face is burning,
your pussy is an inferno of heat and desire.  Then you feel the continued warm
(but deliciously cool) liquid from the hose starting to soothe your burning
insides.  The liquid continues to stream all over your pussy and legs, washing
you.  You finally lift your face out of the other woman's pussy.  You smile
apologetically, because you got a little rough with her.  While you were
climaxing, you almost sucked her clit right out of her pussy.  But she wasn't
complaining.  Her pelvis was pushing against your mouth so hard you almost
split a lip.  She is smiling now, and is holding your face in her hands.  Her
eyes are shiny, almost as if she is going to cry.  You whisper to her, "Wait
for me outside."   She nods, and gets up.  Your man slowly pulls out of you
and gently rubs down your legs and pussy with more liquid.  Then he massages
the inside of your pussy for a few seconds with his fingers.  It is like he is
saying "Thank you," and, "Good bye."  Then he comes around the table and helps
the other woman out the door.

     Suddenly you remember.  The very first, other woman was watching this.
She and her masseur are now coming into the room.  She was the one that you
first saw in the shower.  She really turned you on while you watched her
masturbate on the bidet.  And you got a good hot look at her open, straining
pussy when she was in the middle room.  She was being teased.  Her aching
pussy lips were being rubbed all around but not inside.  You watched her
frantic wiggling, trying to impale herself on her man's fingers.  You watched
her masturbate in frustration while you were filling your pussy to capacity
with your man's captive cock.  She didn't know she was being watched, then.
But she must have been watching YOU a minute ago.  She knows the score, now,
too.

     You climb the rest of the way onto the massage table, and lay down on
your back.  Your knees are wide apart, and you watch her coming over to you.
There isn't enough room for her, but she knows what you want.  She knows your
hot itchy pussy is wide open for her tender care.  You want her cool mouth on
you.  You want her tongue to lick you inside and out.  You want her to bury
her face and head inside you, so that she can soothe the jerky, quivering
spasms racing through your body.  You want to swallow her up with your pussy
to fill the aching hollow need.

     She wants to satisfy you, too.  She is gentle.  She strokes your pussy,
inside and out, with her lips and tongue, while she rubs your sides, chest and
nipples with her hands.  She spreads oil all over you and soothes your jangled
nerves.  You almost fall asleep, because she is so gentle and loving.  Her
face is buried in you from chin to eyebrows.  But the orgasms don't stop. They
are softer now, but still come in a continuous stream of rolling pleasure.
Wave after wave.

     Then, she starts getting crazy.  She squeezes your nipples harder.  She
sucks and licks faster.  Her eyes jump up to meet yours in horror, and she
almost looks like she is BEGGING you to do something.  Then, ZOWIE, her eyes
open and close frantically.  She sucks so hard she almost tears your clitoris
out.  You know exactly what is happening.  She is getting the best climax of
her life at the same time.  It is more than you can take.  You go into another
round of impossible orgasms, half because of her mouth on you, and half
because of remembering what is was like for you a few minutes ago.  The two of
you buck and twist and push against each other.  You try to push yourself down
to her end of the table.  Her tongue isn't enough.  You want to feel her man's
cock.  You want him to push it through her and deep inside of you, deeper than
her tongue can reach.

     You want her man, NOW, but it's impossible.  There is no more energy left
to do anything.  It's over.  Time to go home.  You stroke your new friend's
face, and you want to hug her till you cry.  The two of you have just shared
unbelievable ecstasy together.  She mumbles something to you and you nod.  You
struggle off the table.  You can hardly stand up.  You can't control your
legs, because everything is shaking.  If you didn't know better, you'd say you
were still having more orgasms.  It sure feels like it.  You are horny, and
squirming and shivering and feel hot flashes of pleasure from head to toe. You
try to walk to the door, and can't stop rubbing yourself.  You bend your knees
and stick your fingers inside and rub, fast and hard.  You can't stop. It's
like scratching an itch.  You can't leave it alone, and scratching only makes
it itch more.

     You feel a strong arm around your waist, holding you up.  It is her man.
As the door closes behind you, you lean against it.  You reach for his cock
with both hands, and pull him to you.  He is a stranger, but you want him.  He
surrounds your hands with his own, and helps you squeeze.  He gently rubs his
tongue across your nipples and gives both of them a slow, gentle suck, sending
sparks through your pussy.  His mouth reaches for yours, and you kiss slowly,
deeply, forever, with tongues probing.

     He then gently rubs your burning love box with his hand.  He softly and
slowly itches the inside of your pussy for you with his fingers.  Your vaginal
muscles have now settled into a rapid, smooth, unstoppable orgasm.  The rhythm
of contractions keeps steady pace with your racing heart beats.  He
understands why you are pulling his cock towards your pussy lips:  his fingers
just aren't reaching high enough inside you.  Still standing, he gently
inserts his throbbing cock into your perpetual motion squeeze box.  The edge
around the head of his penis is exactly what you were begging for.  It reaches
deep and rubs all of the hot itchy spots inside you perfectly.  He whispers in
your ear "Now it's my turn."

                              - The End -

--
