CHAPTER 16                             DOING IT CANDY'S WAY
ON DISPLAY
________________________________________________________________
     It is Saturday evening and we have just finished a fabulous
meal.  You have prepared a feast fit for kings and the romantic
candle-lit dinner has left us both in the mood for a little
after-dinner fun.  "Come on.", I say, "Let's go play."  You give
me your coy, little-girl smile.  "Yes Sir.", you say.  You follow
me meekly into the bedroom.  You aren't sure quite what to expect
as I have made each evening an experience of the unexpected.  I
have arranged our room with soft lights, and arranged the bed so
that you can fall right onto it.  Very, very tenderly I start to
remove your clothing, kissing each part of you as it comes into
view.  First your blouse drops to the floor and you feel my hot
breath as I kiss your neck and shoulders.  You moan softly as I
give you a gentle bite.  I am standing behind you and you lean
back against me as I reach around to undo the front clasp on your
bra.  The lacy covering slides down your arms and falls to join
the silk blouse.  You stretch your hands up behind your head and
you hold yourself there to expose your breasts fully to me.  You
know that I love seeing you in this position better than any
other.  My hands move softly across your smooth skin, stroking it
and moving in ever smaller circles toward your already hard
nipples.  You secretly hope that I'll pinch them but I do not.
Instead, they feel the same soft gentle caressing that the rest
of you receives.  My hands move lower now, stroking your belly
and you close your eyes to better experience the feeling as my
fingers undo the clasp to your skirt.  It falls away from you
revealing your pale blue silk panties.  They are one of your
favorite pairs and you know that they look great on you.  You
feel me turning and you turn also, still with your hands up
behind your head.  "Open your eyes.", I whisper.  You look to see
us reflected in the full length mirror in our bedroom.  Your long
lanky body is stretched out as though attached to me.  Your
breasts are flattened against your chest and are topped with your
long brown nipples which are already getting hard.  You see me
slowly sink to my knees behind you and start to slide your
panties down your legs.  Your shaven pussy and its long slit is
slowly revealed.  You step out of your panties, now completely
naked before me.  My hands guide you to the bed lying you down on
your front and making sure that you are comfortable.  You
surrender your body totally to me.  You feel my large strong
hands touch your feet.  They are drenched in warm oil.
"Mmmmm.", you say.  Starting at your toes, I slowly move all the
way up your legs to your bottom.  Over and over I rub your legs
until all the knots are out.  This is totally unexpected but
wonderful.  From your legs, I move up and start massaging your
bottom.  The feeling is glorious.  You feel my fingers dig deep
into the tissue releasing all the tension you have bottled up in
your body.  Now my hands massage your back in long, strong
strokes from the small of your back all the way to your neck.
You allow your body to relax like a rag doll and the hot-oil
massage begins to sink in.  By the time I am done with your back,
you are almost asleep.  You offer no resistance when I turn you
over to begin on your front.  I start with your temples and move
down your face.  You have never had it so good.  The massage
continues down your body, firmly massaging your arms and fingers
and then moving back up to your chest.  The hot oil is softly
worked into your breasts and nipples and then lower down to your
belly and finally you feel your legs being spread apart to
receive the last of the massage and oil on the lips of your
pussy.  The whole process has taken perhaps an hour, maybe less.
You are totally relaxed and more than a little turned on.  You
open your eyes and stretch your hands out to me.  "Come here.",
you say in a husky voice.  I shake my head, smiling.  I hold up
several silk scarves.  "Can I use these on you I ask.  You look
up into my eyes while a shiver runs through your belly.  "O.K.",
you whisper.  My hands are very gentle as they tie your wrists to
the head of the bed.  One scarf becomes a gag and your mouth
opens wide to offer yourself submissively to it.  Now that you
are truly helpless, you feel your pussy starting to get very wet.
You are totally relaxed, but the anticipation of what may happen
next is very exciting.  I sit down beside you and begin playing
with your slippery nipples.  I drip more hot oil on them and
begin rubbing it in.  You feel my fingers pinching the nipples
only to have them escape by slipping though my fingers.  You
close your eyes, enjoying the constant stimulation.  All of a
sudden you hear the doorbell ring.  The loud sound has you start
and your body tries to get up before it remembers that it is
attached to the bed.  "Shhhhh", I say softly.  "Relax.  I'll be
back in a minute."  I leave the room with you still tied to the
bed and helplessly gagged.  I seem to be gone a long time before
I return.  When I walk into the room, you are a little relieved
and then you see that I am followed by your friends; Bill and
Marge!  You pull frantically at your bonds trying to get up.
Bill and Marge have never seen you in anything else but your
Sunday best.  Bill is grinning wildly at your exposed body and
Marge looks a little shocked.  It is obvious from your position
exactly what is happening here.  Because of the gag you can't
even speak to them.  Marge is standing at the end of the bed and
is trembling a little as she looks at you carefully.  'Perhaps
she is wondering what it would be like for her?', you think to
yourself.  I am sitting down beside you again and you close your
eyes in embarrassment.  "She loves being dominated.", you hear me
say and despite yourself, you feel your face blush red.  "I have
had her dominated by both men and women.  I gave her a massage a
little while ago before I tied her up.  I think her body is
tremendous when it's covered in oil.  Her nipples are my
favorite.  Do you see how hard they are.  Look at this, she loves
them to be pinched very hard."  You feel my fingers at your
nipples pulling them hard away from your body.  You are unable to
contain a moan at the sensation.  Your eyes open to see Marge and
Bill looking at you closely.  You notice that Marge is breathing
heavily and looks a little flushed herself.  Marge says, "I think
we should go."  "Please don't.", I say, "She's actually turned on
by your being here.  Maybe you could do something for her.  Could
you put these on her nipples?"  Marge looks at the nipple clamps
with her eyes wide apart.  "What are those?", she says in wonder.
"They're called nipple clips.", I say.  Marge takes them in her
hand to examine them.  "Don't they hurt?", she asks.  "Sure, a
little.", I say, "but she really likes them.  Marge looks at you
questioningly.  "Do you really?", she asks in a small voice.  You
nod your head.  She moves slowly over to the side of the bed and
I move aside.  She sits down beside you and takes one of the
clips in one hand.  Her fingers are shaking as they pull one of
your nipples up and away from your breast to attach the clip to
it.  Your eyes close and you moan at the sensation.  You feel the
other nipple being pulled and pinched as Marge attaches the other
clip to it.  You have never been so embarrassed as right now.
You feel Marge standing up and you open your eyes to see both
Marge and Bill looking at your body.  "Look Honey.", says Bill,
her pussy's completely shaved!  You feel my hands gently opening
your legs and you try to keep them closed.  "Bill", I say, "would
you please tie her other knee like this one?"  Between the two of
us your knees are now tied wide apart thus exposing your
embarrassingly wet pussy lips.  My fingers pull your tender pussy
lips wide apart to further expose you to your friends.  "One of
the things she enjoys best", I say, "is to be punished.  Take a
look at some of these pictures."  You see me take out our private
album and show the pictures of you being spanked just like a
little girl.  The album contains graphics pictures of you and
despite the already exposing position you are now in, you find
yourself embarrassed again.  Bill is standing just behind Marge
as they look through the album together.  You can see that Marge
is turned on by the photographs and you see Bills hands reach
around her to play with her breasts.  She leans back against him
and allows him to undo her blouse and slip his hands in to hold
her firm breasts.  They stop at one picture in particular.  "I'll
be attaching her like that in a few minutes." I say, "I figure
that I'll give her a good spanking until her bottom is pink and
then I'll use her vibrator on her until she comes while hanging
there.  Do you like using a vibrator Marge?"  Marge looks down
submissively as she whispers yes.  Your vibrator is on the table
beside you.  You see me pick it up and hand it to Marge.  Her
blouse is now completely open and Bill completes the job by
removing it from her shoulders to reveal her trim breasts topped
with tiny pink nipples.  "Here Marge", I say, "play with her with
it.  Just don't let her come yet."  Marge turns on the toy and
begins touching your hot, oiled body with the humming instrument.
She starts at the inside of your bound knees and works her way
upward.  Soon you are straining to be touched directly on your
pussy but Marge won't allow it.  She touches you all over, first
your belly, next your breasts, then the nipple clips and finally
back to your upper thighs but it is a long time before you feel
the vibrator right on your clit.  She can't leave it there long
because it will only take a moment for you to come and she won't
allow it.  It seems like an eternity for you as your body writhes
in its bonds seeking relief.  Finally she stops, you open your
eyes to see that everyone's clothes are now on the floor and Bill
is sporting an erection that is, to say the least, impressive.
Bill and I untie you and reattach you standing with your hands
tied to the ceiling.  Your legs are attached wide apart to leave
you completely accessible to us.  Marge stands in front of you
and presses her body against your own slippery one.  Bill stands
behind her and reaches around to remove your nipple clips.  He
takes first one then the other and places them on Marge's pink
nipples instead.  She gasps as she feels the piquant pinch of the
clamps for the first time ever.  Marge stands behind you now and
you turn your head to see her holding a small leather strap.  You
see her slide one hand into her brown haired pussy while the
other swings the leather against your buttocks.  The first few
strokes are very light but soon she is smacking your smooth
bottom in sharp stinging strokes.  The spanking turns you on even
more.  It does not take long and it is over.  You feel Marge's
hand rubbing your bottom and feeling the heat rising from it.
One then two of her fingers slide into your dripping pussy to wet
themselves and then they move further behind you to lubricate
your tight bottom.  You reach up on your toes and moan behind the
silk gag as her fingers go particularly deep.  Bill is standing
in front of you and you feel the tip of his massive hard-on
nudging against your pussy.  Marge slides her fingers deep into
your body and you move forward naturally, thus impaling yourself
on Bill's cock.  Marge controls the rhythm now as her fingers
slide in and out of your rear pushing you harder and harder onto
Bill's cock.  You know you are close to coming but it is not to
be allowed yet.  Marge removes her fingers and they are quickly
replaced by my cock.  Now you are filled as never before.  Bill's
large organ fills your pussy completely while my cock fills your
bottom.  You close your eyes, savoring the sensation.  You hear
the hum of the vibrator again and it touches your sensitive
breasts just as Bill and I start sliding in and out of you.  You
feel me press against your well-spanked bottom and you are even
more turned on by the feeling.  You open your eyes to look right
into Marge's.  You open your mouths and your tongues touch in a
sensitive kiss that connects you all together.  Bill and I start
thrusting in a perfect rhythm.  He pulls out as I push in then
visa versa.  Your body feels like its turning inside out.  You
feel my body tighten in the beginning of my orgasm.  The feeling
is too much for you and you feel both your pussy and ass tighten
on Bill and I as your orgasm starts from the depths of your belly
and flows outward.  You cry out hard against the gag, letting
yourself scream really for the first time in your life as we all
begin coming together.  Even Marge, with two fingers deep in her
pussy moans as her orgasm mingles with yours.  It is perhaps the
most exquisite sensation you have ever encountered.

