Visit to the Doctor
Story #1 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

     One night I promise to treat you to a night of pleasure such
as you've never had before.   The only catch is, I say, that  you
must  obey my every word.  We get in  the car and I take you to a
downtown  skyscraper office  complex.   I bring  you to  an empty
doctor's waiting room and tell you  to wait and that you will  be
told  what to do then I leave.   You sit nervously in the waiting
room.  These kinds of places never made you feel very comfortable
anyway and you  are anxiously wondering what you will be asked to
do.  A  few minutes  later, a  nurse comes out  into the  waiting
room.  She is tall with dark hair, a good figure;  definitely the
no-nonsense type.   She tells  you to follow her  and immediately
turns around a walks  back down the corridor of the  office.  You
follow her down the short hallway and int an examining room.  She
turns around and tells you  to remove all your clothing including
your watch and and jewelry and to put on the gown then she leaves
the   room.     Feeling  some   apprehension,   you  follow   her
instructions.   The gown is the  standard hospital issue.   It is
worn with  the openning at the back  and comes down to mid-thigh.
There is only one  tie at the back at the neck.   You tie the one
tie and as you  raise your hands to  do so, feel the back  of the
gown  part  to  expose  your  bottom.    You  feel   particularly
vulnerable.   You  wait  for  what seems  like  forever (about  5
minutes)  for someone to  come in.   You  spend the  time looking
around.  It is pretty much like any examining room.  The stirrups
at the end of the table cause a little chill  to go up your spine
and the instruments on the counter cause you to shudder.  Finally
the nurse returns.   She stands  directly in front  of you for  a
moment  looking you up and down  then she says, "Clasp your hands
behind your head."   You do so,  feeling once again the  the gown
parting behind you.   She then reaches down and  grasping the hem
of the  gown, pulls it  up to the  level of your  neck.  You  are
completely  exposed to  her.  She  holds the  gown up for  a long
moment and then drops it.  "Follow me",  she says.  She turns and
walks  out, past  the waiting  room  and into  the main  corridor
beyond.   She holds the door  open for you to follow.   She walks
down  the hallway and  presses the elevator button.   You are now
REALLY nervous.  "What if someone sees me in this gown?!  What if
someone in  on the  elevator?!   Where is  she taking  me?!", you
think.  The elevator opens and blissfully, there is no one there.
The nurse takes  you down to the  14th floor and along  a similar
corridor.   You enter another  doctor's office and walk  past his
waiting room and into his office.  The nurse motions  you inside.
She closes the door behind you.  Inside the dimly lit  office you
see four men.   They are all  aproximately 35 years old.   Behind
the  desk in obviously  the doctor.   He is wearing  the standard
white coat and seems to be in charge.  The other men are all well
dressed and as  you look around you  see me sitting in  a corner.
You  are accutely  aware that  your  only garment  is the  flimsy
hospital gown.  Your palms feels moist as you watch the  four men
looking at you.  You notice  also in this brief moment, that  you
are moist elsewhere  too.  The doctor  points to a side  door and
tells you  to enter.  You do so,  and find another examining room
much like the  one you undressed in.   The doctor follows  you in
and starts with a standard  examination of your heart, lungs etc.
Then he  tells you to remove your gown.  He takes it from you and
hangs it on a hook  on the door.  He has  you sit on the edge  of
the examining table and touches your breasts.   His hands are dry
and cool  as they touch your warm body.   He squeezes each breast
carefully and then  squeezes the nipples.  "I want you to tell me
which  gives you  more pleasure, pulling  on your  nipples gently
like this or pulling on them very hard like this."   "Very hard",
you say.  The doctor lets  go of your nipples and without  saying
anything else  leaves the room.   Your nipples  are tingling.   A
moment later  the nurse  returns. "Lie down  on the  table.", she
says.   You lie back  against the cold  paper of the table.   The
nurse  opens one  of the  drawers and  pulls out  several leather
straps.   Your heart jumps.  The nurse  fastens one strap to each
wrist.  The  leather straps  are sturdy  with felt  lining and  a
metal  clip on  the  outside.    The nurse  continues,  attaching
leather  straps to your ankles and to  your thighs just above the
knee.  "Slide down to the end of the table.", she says.  You know
now exactly what position  you will be put in.   The nurse places
your  feet in  the metal  stirrups and  adjusts them  for maximum
exposure.   She  then fastens  your knees so  they are  held wide
apart.  Your  ankle straps are attached to the  stirrups so there
is no  possibility of  your getting up  before you  are released.
Moving  to the  head  of  the table,  she  takes your  hands  and
attaches them to a clip there.  You are now exposed totally.  The
nurse then  lowers the section of the  table that is between your
legs.  You feel her gaze on your pussy and you are embarrassed to
feel how wet you  now are.  The  nurse reaches down and  you feel
her  grasp  the  sensitive  lips  of your  pussy  with  her  long
fingernails.  She  pulls them gently but firmly  apart to uncover
your last defense.  She sees how  wet you are and smiles, "You'll
enjoy this, I think".  She then goes to  the door of the doctor's
office and  says, "She's ready for  you now doctor."   The doctor
enters after a moment and looks down at your naked body.  You are
so hot, you can't help your hips moving a little bit.  The doctor
moves to a drawer and takes  out two strange looking devices that
look like large paper  clips.  "My job is to  prepare you.", says
the doctor.   He  takes the two  clips and  attaches one  to each
nipple  already hard  with excitement.   They  pinch the  nipples
feeling almost exactly  like the pinching of your  nipples by the
doctor a several minutes  before.  He then sits down between your
legs.  He  pulls gently at your  pubic hair and says,  "This will
have to  go, but not  this time."   You hear  him putting  on his
gloves and  then a moment later you feel  his fingers at the lips
of your pussy.  The touch is electric.  You let out a little moan
and your hips  jump at  the touch.   The doctor  then slides  two
fingers deep  into your pussy  while the thumb of  his other hand
touches your  clitoris.  He  keeps moving those fingers  back and
forth and every  time you  feel about  to come he  stops.   After
several  minutes of this,  he pulls away.   You are  aware of the
heat from each nipple still entrapped  in the clips.  Now a  well
lubricated finger slides slowly into your bottom.  He moves it in
and out.  You can't help gasping when he goes particularly  deep.
After another couple  of moments he stands  up.  He looks  at you
and smiles,  "I think  an enema is  in order  here."  You  feel a
blush hit your face.   You have never had  an enema but what  you
know  of them  doesn't seem  pleasant.   The  doctor removes  the
nipple  clips and  leaves  the room.   You  feel your  own juices
seeping down your botttom.   After a couple of minutes,  the door
opens again and a boy perhaps 17 or 18 years old walks in wearing
a white lab coat.  He looks  at you and immediately blushes, "I'm
here to give  you your treatment.", he  mumbles and moves  to the
end of the table.  You watch him fill a large red rubber bag with
water and  place it on the hook of a stand.  You are mortified to
think that this young boy is looking at your naked body stretched
out on  the table and that there is  nothing you can do about it.
You turn  your head away from  him.  A moment later  you feel the
thin  finger  of the  boy  lubricating  your  bottom again.    He
continues for a  while and then stops.   You feel the end  of the
rather thick enema  nozzle pushing into your ass.   The nozzle is
pushed  into you  until  a good  seven inches  is lodged  in your
behind.  You see  the boy reach up to the knob  and then you feel
the warm water slowly entering your bowels.  This continues until
you have had the full quart of water and your stomach  has slowly
expanded to allow  it.  During these few minutes, the boy has not
been idle.   He has continued  to move the  nozzle slowly in  and
out, twisting  it back and forth.  The  nerves in your bottom are
tingling.   Finally the  container is  empty.   As the nozzle  is
removed a plug  about 3 inches  long and 1  inch thick is  pushed
into place.  "This will keep  it in.", says the boy as  he leaves
the room.  You stomach is  tight with the pressure of the  water.
Fortunately  you don't  have to  wait long  before the  nurse and
doctor return.   They remove your restrainst and with one of them
on either  side of you,  you are led,  totally naked, out  of the
room to the  washroom down the  hallway.  With  great relief  you
feel the plug  removed and the water  expelled.    After cleaning
up, the nurse attaches your wrists behind your back and leads you
back into the doctor's office.  The  men are still there and they
eye you apreciatively as you are brought to the side of the room.
A rope dangles from a hook  in the ceiling and the nurse  quickly
attaches your hands to it.  You  are now standing facing the four
men.   As the  doctor dscribes the events  of the past half-hour,
you  feel your  face  blush and  you  feel the  eyes  of the  men
examining  you piece  by  piece.   When  the  doctor is  finished
describing your 'preparation',  the men begin to  comment on your
body,   "The  breasts  are  firm.",  says   one,  "What  was  the
sensitivity  of the nipples?".   The doctor says, "They responded
well to hard pinching  and she started to get wet as  soon as the
clamps  were attached."   Another  asks how  tight your  ass was.
"Wonderful", says the  doctor, "I think she might  like it better
there than  in her  pussy." "Her pubic  hair should  be shaved.",
says the third man.  "Yes,", says the doctor, "but we agreed that
we wouldn't do that on the first session."  The doctor comes over
to you and turns you around so you  are facing the wall.  The men
comment on  the shape and firmness  of your bottom.   Your ankles
are now fastened  to hooks in the floor so they are about two and
a-half feet apart.  Your nipples just touch the wall in  front of
you.  It feels strange to feel the cool wall  touching them.  You
feel the lips of your pussy being  held apart as a small dildo is
inserted there.  As soon as it has been inserted to  its fullest,
someone  turns it on and it begins to vibrate.  You are unable to
contain a  moan as you body starts  to squirm.  As  you turn your
head to the side, you  see one of the men holding  a wide leather
strap.   It looks like  a two inch  brown belt without  a buckle.
Without further ado, he swings it down on our bottom.  You feel a
hot sharp pain  and then another as  he strikes again.   He gives
you six more and your bottom  is feeling very warm.  You are  not
in pain, but the heat of the spanking is travelling right through
your body.   The vibrator is removed and  you are taken down from
the wall and  placed bent over the desk.  Your hands are attached
to the sides and  your ankles are spread wide apart.   The doctor
moves  around to in front of you and unzips himself.  You see his
hard dick aproaching  your mouth and you eagerly  open your mouth
to accept it.   Meanwhile, a large cock is slowly  pushing itself
into  your  hot,  wet pussy.    As  both men  begin  to  fuck you
simultaneously, you surrender yourself totally to the sensations.
It is not long before the man at your pussy comes and is replaced
by the  next.  The  doctor withdraws from  your mouth and  comes.
You stick out your  tongue to catch a few drops.   The man behidn
you  has begun lubricating your bottom  and you are sure you know
why.   While everyone  watches, one of  themen slowly  sticks his
cock into  your ass and  begins pumping  with full strokes.   You
moan uncontrollably and a minute later you feel his come shooting
into  you.   This final  sensation  is too  much  for your  over-
extended nerves and you finally come and continue your orgasm for
a couple of  minutes.   When you  are done, the  men remove  your
bonds.  They have you stand, facing them  once more.  One of them
stands up.   He looks  directly at you  and says, "These  are the
rules by which  you will  abide from  now on: First,  you are  no
longer permitted  to wear a bra or panties  at any time.  Second,
your  clothes must  be such  that access to  your body  is always
permitted.   Third, you will  obey the instructions of  anyone in
this group. Forth, you will visit here at least once per month to
continue  your  training.     Do  you  agree  to   all  of  these
conditions?"   You can't believe it  is your voice that  you hear
saying "Yes, sir."   I stand  up and say  "Follow me."   and then
walk  out of  the room.   You follow  quietly.  We  walk down the
hallway and through the empty waiting room.   I open the door and
you follow me, naked, into the corridor.  All the way back to the
office where  you clothes  are you  are amazed  that you make  no
attempt  to cover  yourself.   When we  enter the  examining room
where it all started,  I say, "Get up  on the table."  You  do so
and without my asking, put your  feet in the stirrups and stretch
your hands above your head.  I look at you  for a long moment and
then I say,  "You were very hot  tonight."  Dropping my  pants, I
enter  you slowly  and together  we come to  another mind-blowing
orgasm.
The Store Manager's Office
Story #2 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It  is almost  exactly a  month  after your  first night  of
training  when I  say, "Your  training  will continue  tomorrow."
Your heart  jumps and  immediately you  break into  a sweat.   In
nothing flat, your pussy has already started to drip.   "Here are
your instructions.",  I say.   I  tell you  to go  to one  of the
larger downtown department  stores at noon the following  day.  I
give  you the name  of the woman  who is the  general manager and
tell  you  to report  to  her.   Sleeping  that  night is  almost
impossible.   You keep  thinking of your  last encounter  and the
anticipation of what is  to come is  unbearable.  You take  great
care dressing  the next morning.   On the subway  going downtown,
you are acutely aware of  the draft going up your skirt  directly
to your  uncovered pussy and  you are convinced that  someone can
see  through your  blouse to  your naked  breasts.   Precisely at
noon,  you announce yourself to the  secretary of the woman.  She
tells you to follow  her.  You are led  into the plush office  of
the general  manager.  A severe but beautiful woman approximately
40 years old  is behind the desk.   The secretary leads  you to a
spot about ten  feet before the desk.   The manager looks  at you
and says,  "Lift your skirt."   Your face  turns beet red  as you
reach down to pull the skirt up to your waist.   Both the manager
and  the  secretary stare  at  your  brown  curls for  a  moment.
"Remove   all  of  your  clothes.",  says  the  general  manager.
"Here!?", you squeak.   Anyone could come in at any  time and you
are very nervous.  "Here", says the woman.   With trembling hands
you undo the buttons on your blouse and let it fall to the floor.
The skirt  soon follows.   The secretary brings over  six leather
straps  that are  all  too  familiar and  attaches  them to  your
wrists, ankles and thighs.   The general manager reaches into her
desk  and pulls out a small leather  paddle.  She hands it to the
secretary and says,  "Make sure that  her bottom is  warm to  the
touch when  you are finished."   She then  leaves the room.   The
secretary attaches your wrist straps together  and pulls you over
her knee on a chair in the middle  of the room.  For the next few
minutes, the leather  paddle falls on your bottom  leaving it red
and hot.  When she  is done, she has you  stand in the corner  of
the room, facing it.  You feel just like a little girl.  Your red
bottom is on display for anyone  interested in looking.  Over the
next five  minutes or so,  you hear the door  opening and closing
and people who can obviously see you coming in and out.  You  are
sure  that your face is at  least as red as  your bottom when the
general manager finally instructs you  to approach her desk.  You
are placed  on your back on her desk  and your wrists, ankles and
thighs are attached to ropes  so that you are completely exposed.
The woman touches  your breasts first.  She  gently caresses them
and alternately pinches them.   You watch and  feel her pull  the
nipple  so the breast is  pulled up and then  let go.  The breast
falls back against  your body and  you moan.   After a moment  or
two,  your nipples  are rock-hard.   The  woman reaches  down and
quickly  attaches nipple  clips to  your breasts.   You  gasp and
begin moving your hips.  The woman  walks around in front of your
pussy and  says, "Do you  like the feeling of  your nipples being
pinched?"  "Yes," you gasp, "It makes me hot."  The woman spreads
the  lips  of  your  pussy  apart to  verify  that  this  is  so.
"Perhaps," she says,  "we shall one day pierce  those big nipples
of  yours with a gold ring."  You  close your eyes at the thought
of your nipples being  pierced.  You imagine at once  the pain of
the piercing and  the constant stimulation of your  breasts.  You
feel the fingers of the woman at your pussy again.  You open your
eyes and she has a small pair  of scissors and is quickly cutting
away your  pubic hair.   "Please don't.", you  say.  The  woman's
eyes look like  steel.  "If you speak again", she says, "you will
be severely punished."  You  close your eyes, shamed that another
woman will soon see you as you were when you were ten years  old.
In fact, over the next few minutes as the last of your pubic hair
is shaved off, you feel like a  little girl whose body is subject
to adult supervision  and control.  You  open your eyes  again as
the procedure finishes.  All of your pubic hair has been removed.
What  the woman can see now is the  puffed out lips of your pussy
and the full length  of your slit.   She takes some baby  oil and
slowly begins to  massage it into your  pussy.  The heat  of your
pussy  and her hand has  you moaning and  squirming on the table.
Reaching  down, the  woman  grasps  the lips  of  your pussy  and
stretches them  wide apart.   You are completely exposed  to her.
She then touches  the tip of  your clitoris with  the tip of  her
tongue.  It is too much.  You start to  come, moaning and bucking
your hips into  her face.  A  moment later you are  detached and,
after dressing, sent on  your way.  As you leave  her office, you
feel the eyes of the other office workers on you and you are sure
that they know what has been done to you.  You  are grateful when
the doors to  the elevator firmly close  behind you and you  know
that the second phase of your training is over.

The Chateau
Story #3 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     You are driving around the countryside with me on a Saturday
morning.   You are dressed  appropriately; a simple  white blouse
with buttons down the front, a white skirt and sneakers.  You are
wearing no  underwear.  It  is a  warm and sunny  day.  All  of a
sudden, I pull the car over to the side of the road.  "It is time
for your  third lesson.", I  say.   You immediately begin  to get
wet.   "You  must be totally  obedient today.",  I say,  "Are you
ready to do  that?"  "Yes,  sir", you answer.   I open the  glove
compartment and take  out handcuffs and a blindfold.   Your heart
jumps.   I attach your hands behind your  head to the headrest of
your seat.  I then attach the blindfold.  Suddenly, you can't see
anything.   Your other  senses seem  to heighten  and you  feel a
familiar stirring  between your  legs.   "Spread your  knees.", I
say.   You  follow the  instructions.   Then your  feel my  hands
slowly, pulling your  skirt up to  the level of  your hips.   You
feel  a slight  draft across your  shaved pussy.   The car starts
again  and imprisoned  like  this,  you  drive  for  perhaps  ten
minutes.  As  soon as the  car stops, you  feel your hands  being
released  from the head rest.  The  car door opens and you feel a
hand on  each arm  guiding you  up some  stairs.   You are  moved
inside a door and then the hands leave your arms.  A moment later
your hands  are attached above  your head.  Then  nothing happens
for several  minutes.  You  are very  excited with  anticipation.
After a while, you hear footsteps.  Your blindfold is removed and
you take a look at your surroundings.  You are  in a hallway of a
large mansion.  There are  paintings on the walls and chandeliers
hanging from the ceiling.   In front of you is  a beautiful woman
of  about your age.   She has  short curly blond  hair with brown
eyes.  She is completely naked!  As you look down you see she has
the familiar  leather bracelets  on her wrists  and ankles.   Her
pubic  hair has been shaved off just like yours.  You look at her
breasts  and see  a  gold  ring going  through  each large  brown
nipple.  "Your nipples!", you blurt out.  The woman smiles at you
and,  moving her  hands  under  your blouse,  takes  one of  your
breasts in  each hand.   "It hurt at  first", she says,  "but now
these rings give me incredible  pleasure.  Sometimes you can make
me come just by playing with them."  She squeezes your nipples at
first  gently and  then  harder.   You give  out  a little  moan.
"You'll like it  when it's  done to  you.", she says.   Then  she
removes your handcuffs and says,  "Follow me."  You find  it very
strange to be fully clothed walking behind this naked woman.  She
leads you along  a large corridor and  into a large room.   There
are three  more women  equally undressed waiting  for you.   "Get
undressed." says the  nearest one.  You fumble  with your buttons
as you obey the  command.  When you are completely  naked, one of
the women leads you to a sunken bathtub.  For the  next half-hour
you are bathed  from head to foot.   You are embarrassed  as they
wash  your pussy and ass  but you follow  their instructions.  As
soon as your bath is complete and  you are dry, you are led to  a
padded  massage table.    Bracelets are  again  attached to  your
wrists, ankles and thighs.  You are then attached to the table so
that your  arms are tight above your head  and your legs are held
wide  apart.   One of  the girls  attaches  nipple clips  to your
nipples  and you  begin to  squirm as  you feel  them pinch  you.
Another  girl stands  between your legs.   She  looks at  you and
says, "Your visit here will be  a mixture of pleasure and  pain."
She then  takes a thin  leather strap and begins  gently slapping
the end of it against your pussy.  At first the sensation is very
pleasant as you feel  the strap hit your  clitoris.  The  strokes
become steadily stronger and soon  your pussy is just gushing its
juices at  the sensation.  You whole body  feels warm.  The final
stroke is a hard one and  you yelp.  The woman smiles at  you and
says, "You will  be left here for  several minutes and I  want to
leave you something to think  about."  She reaches into  a nearby
jar of  ointment and takes  a small dab  on one finger.   Holding
your pussy  lips apart  with one hand,  she applies  the ointment
directly onto the nub of your  clitoris.  The ointment tickles  a
bit  and you  start to  involuntarily  move your  hips around  as
another dab is applied to your anus.  The four women  leave.  You
are still  on your back and exposed totally.   The tickle at your
clitoris and your bottom has  now become hot.  The ointment  that
was  put  there  is  generating   heat.    You  begin  to  squirm
uncontrollably  in your  bonds.   The heat  continues to  grow in
intensity  and between  the stimulation  of  your clitoris,  your
bottom and the  nipple clips still attached to  your breasts, you
feel turned on  as you never have  been before.  You  are moaning
continuously and  you are  dying to  free your hands  so you  can
touch yourself.   Finally, without anyone touching you, you come.
The orgasm continues for what seems forever as you cry out at the
sensation.  Obviously you were being observed, because as soon as
you come, the  women return and release  you.  Your nipple  clips
are removed and your hands are attached behind your back and  you
are led, naked, out of the room and down the corridor.  The other
women are  now dressed and this time it is  you who is walking in
the nude.  Two girls open a set of double doors and with one girl
holding each arm,  you are led into a crowded  ballroom of people
obviously having a party.  You are mortified.  You could die from
embarrassment.   the  guests  do  not seem  shocked  to see  you,
instead they seem  amuse.  The women point to your naked slit and
whisper giggled comments to their  partners.  As you pass through
the crowd, some people reach out to fondle a breast or touch your
ass or  pussy.  You are led to the center of the large room.  The
crowd parts aside  and you see a doctor's  examining table there.
You now know what will be happening to you.  Sure enough, you are
placed on the table with your  hands fastened to the head of  the
table and  your legs spread  wide apart.   You feel cool  fingers
pulling open the lips of your pussy and  rubbing your juices into
your clit.  You feel the cool feeling of vaseline as a lubricated
finger makes its way up into your ass.  One woman on either  side
of  you sucks  a nipple  each.   You  cannot help  the  moan that
escapes your lips.  As  your nipples become hard, the  women stop
and re-attach the nipple  clips to them.  The finger  in your ass
is withdrawn and  replaced by a  small vibrating butt plug.   The
woman between your legs stops and  moves aside.  A man takes  her
place  and  immediately begins  pumping into  you.   Despite your
bonds,  your body  strains  upward  as you  try  for the  deepest
penetration possible.  The man comes, pumping his semen deep into
your body.  He  withdraws and another takes his place.   This one
is slightly larger than  the first and stretches you  as he fills
you up.   The women  at your sides  begin toying with  the nipple
clips and all of a sudden you begin coming.  The man continues to
fuck  you as  you abandon  all your  inhibitions.   Your  body is
super-sensitive and your continue  your orgasm after the man  has
withdrawn from you.  Finally, it is over.  The vibrating dildo is
pulled gently from  your ass.  You  are left tied up  however and
you lay there  passively.  There is  a sheen of sweat  across you
entire body.  The  party continues and a few of  the guests touch
you as they walk by.   One couple you notice in  particular.  She
is perhaps  18 or 19  years old.   She is  wearing a white  party
dress  and  her face  is the  picture  of innocence.   It  is her
boyfriend  who instructs her  to touch your  breasts and nipples.
You see her tremble as she does so.  The boyfriend then tells her
to push a finger  into your shaven pussy.  The  girl looks afraid
and the  boy must tell her again before  you feel her finger move
tentatively into  you.  "One  day it will  be you tied  here", he
tells her.   "You will have a  shaved pussy and everyone  will be
looking at and touching you and you'll be helpless to prevent it.
Would  you like  that?"  "Yes",  whispers the  girl.  As  you lie
there, you find the thought  of that strangely exciting.  Perhaps
you will get the  chance to see  someone else trained before  you
one day.  Soon the women come  to take you back to the room where
you undressed.  You are  cleaned up and gently massaged and  your
body  restored.   The women  leave you sitting  on an  ottoman in
front of a ceiling  to floor mirror.  In the  mirror, you see the
door open behind  you and I come in.  Standing behind you I reach
down and cup your breasts in my hands.  You look in the mirror at
the two  of us and  without my asking,  open your legs  to expose
yourself to me.   I smile at the sight.  You  look at yourself in
the mirror and you know you will never be the same.
Return as the Nurse
Story #4 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     One day  we are on  a walk in the  park and I  say, "Are you
ready to be trained  again?"  You look up at me with a mixture of
fear and excitement.  I laugh, "No, no, it will not be like  last
time.   You have  long since graduated  beyond that."   You are a
little  confused.   "Tonight",  I  say,  "a  young girl  will  be
initiated as you  were in the doctor's office  several weeks ago.
You can assist in her training if you wish."  You are immediately
excited by the prospect.  You remember the nurse who once touched
your body and  who tied you up  for the first time.   "Alright.",
you  say,  "What do  I  have  to do?"    "You will  be  the nurse
tonight.", I explain, "We'll go  to the doctor's office tonight."
That afternoon I  bring you the nurse's  uniform.  I sit  down on
the bed and watch  as you get dressed.   When you move to  put on
white stockings I stop you.   "No.  You must be completely  naked
under the uniform.  For the evening to be successful, you must be
as hot as she is."   Following my instructions, you  wear nothing
under the tight  uniform.  You pause only to  anoint your nipples
and shaved pussy with perfume.  The touch of your fingers on your
body and the thought of the night to come makes your nipples hard
and your pussy wet.   "Let's go.", I say.  We go  into the office
building you remember so well and proceed directly up to the 14th
floor.  Three men are there.  You recognize two of them including
the  doctor.   They smile and  ask you  to sit  down.  It  is the
doctor who seems to be organizing the evening.  "The whole intent
here", he  says, "is to have her be  more sexually excited by the
time  she enters the room than she's ever been before.", he looks
directly at you,  "You are the key element in all  of this.  Just
as it  was for  you, she must  feel embarrassment,  restraint and
helplessness.   However,  during it  all,  we will  care for  her
sexually.   She  will have  our total  attention.   There are  no
restrictions  on what you  can do to  her.  The  only criteria is
that when you turn her over to us she be  more turned on than you
can imagine."  The  doctor shows you downstairs to the  office on
the 12th floor and tells you to wait in the examining room.  "You
can expect  a ten to  fifteen minute wait.",  he says.   With the
door  open, you know  you will hear  her enter  the waiting room.
You are getting more and more excited yourself just waiting.  You
look  around the  room.   The examining  table is  just like  you
remember.  The  stirrups at the end  of the table cause  a little
shiver to  go up your spine.  Suddenly,  you hear the office door
open.   "Sit here."  says a  man's voice,  "Someone will  be here
shortly and you  must do exactly  what you are  told."   "Okay.",
says  a girl.  The door closes  and you wait an extra few minutes
remembering that the anticipation excited  you when it was you in
the  waiting room.  You stand up finally  and take a last look in
the mirror.  You  straighten your uniform and then you go quickly
to the waiting room.  She is about nineteen years old, blond with
a good figure.  She is startled  by your entrance.  "Follow me.",
you say  in your most  business-like manner.  Without  waiting to
see  if  she  is following,  you  turn  and  head back  into  the
examining room.   Upon entering, you  turn around.  She  is right
behind you.  You don't say anything  for a moment as you look  at
her.   She  is bustier than  you thought  at first and  she seems
quite shy.  She can't meet your eyes but rather, keeps looking at
the  floor.  "Get  completely undressed.", you  say, "Remove your
outer clothing, your underwear, even your jewelry.  When you have
done that, put on this gown.  I will be back shortly."  You leave
the room and close  the door.   You are flushed with  excitement.
To  have this  young innocent  girl under  your complete  control
turns you on.  You are sure she would do anything you asked.  You
wait a couple  of minutes to make  sure she's had time  to change
and then you return.  She is wearing the flimsy hospital gown and
you look  at her  for a  moment.   "Clasp you  hands behind  your
head.", you say.  She does so.  You know how vulnerable she  must
feel  so you  don't  do  anything for  a  moment.   "Turn  around
slowly.", you say.   The girl begins to turn around.   As her ass
comes into  view, naked  beneath her gown,  you say "Stop."   You
wait a long moment, looking at her  cute tight little bottom then
you  tell her to continue.  When she  is facing you again, a deep
blush is  on her  face.   She is  obviously embarrassed.   "Stand
still.", you tell her.   In one quick motion, you pull the hem of
the gown right up to her neck.  Her face turns a deep red and she
gasps.  You hold the gown up for a moment and gaze at her exposed
body.   Her  large breasts are  firm and  well shaped.   They are
topped with cherry-sized  nipples that are dark brown.   They are
already hard  just as yours  are.   She is a  true blond and  her
curly blond  pubic  hair  is  neatly trimmed  for  summer  bikini
wearing.  You let go of the gown and tell the girl to follow you.
You leave  the office and head right for  the elevator.  The girl
follows you nervously.   When you have entered  the elevator, you
tell the girl  to face one  of its mirrored  walls.  "Raise  your
gown and touch your nipples to the wall.", you say.   She follows
your instructions and you leave her in this position until you've
reached your floor.  Covered again, the embarrassed girl  follows
you  down the  corridor to  the doctor's office.   You  bring her
right into the room where the four of us are waiting.  We eye the
blond appreciatively.  The doctor tells you to take  her into the
examining room.   You open the side door and follow  her in.  You
pick up a thermometer and standing  right in front of her so  she
can  see  what  you are  doing,  you  lubricate it  in  a  jar of
vaseline.  She  eyes the thermometer apprehensively.   "I'll have
to take you  temperature now.", you say, "Please  turn around and
bend over  the table.  She does  as you ask and the  folds of her
gown  fall naturally to the sides to  expose her bottom.  Despite
her dark tan, her bottom is, in contrast, very white.  You take a
moment  to admire her tan line.  Then, holding her buttocks apart
with  one hand, you  gently insert the  thermometer.   When it is
almost completely in, you begin moving it in and out and twirling
it around.  You hear her stifle a moan.  Obviously you are having
some effect on  her!  You keep  it going for a minute  or two and
then take the thermometer out.  "Stand up and remove your gown.",
you say.  Blushing  furiously, she does so.  You  take your time,
hanging up  the gown  and  returning.   "Please lie  down on  the
table."  The  blond lies back.  Her heavy breasts are firm enough
that they continue  to stick up.   You see  the nipples are  rock
hard.  "Slide down to the end of the table.", you say.   The girl
hesitates a moment.   You can see that she is eyeing the stirrups
and knows that they'll soon be used to expose her.  You  help her
place her feet in the stirrups and then you take out  the leather
straps.  The  girl's eyes are wide  as saucers as you  attach the
straps to her ankles,  wrists and just above her knees.   You use
the  straps to fasten  her feet to  the stirrups and  to hold her
knees  wide apart.   Then  you take  her hands  and stretch  them
tightly to the  top of  the table.   Through all  this, she  lies
there passively.   You've already seen that she is very wet, just
dripping in  anticipation.   You're wet  yourself.   Your nipples
have  been crying out  for attention for  a half-hour.   When you
finish attaching her you  pause to look over your handiwork.  She
is stretched  out, completely  at your mercy.   You  can't resist
teasing  her a bit more.   "Do you  have sensitive nipples?", you
ask.  "Yes.", she whispers.  You reach over and pinch one in each
hand.   "Which gives you  more pleasure?", you  say as you stroke
the  long brown  nipples upward  gently,  "stroking your  nipples
lightly  like this,  or", as  you  pinch the  nipples very  hard,
"squeezing them very  hard like this?"  "Very  hard.", she gasps.
You smile  and then pull  the nipple  upward until the  breast is
distended.   You then let go and the breast falls back.  The girl
closes her eyes she is so turned on.  you reach under your skirt,
unable to resist  touching yourself.  You  are soaking wet.   You
slide two fingers  deep into your hot pussy  and just about come.
You  touch the girl's lips with your  fingers.  "Lick them.", you
say.  The  tip of  the girl's  pink tongue extends  to lick  your
fingers.  The feeling is exquisite.   You move to the end  of the
table and take a good look at her pussy.  You reach down and take
one pussy lip in each hand holding it tightly  between finger and
thumb.  Gently  but firmly you spread  her lips apart as  wide as
they will  go until the  pink interior  of her dripping  pussy is
completely exposed.  You reach down and touch the tip of her hard
clitoris with the tip of your  tongue.  Her stomach tightens  and
her hips  jump  off the  table at  the sensation.    A loud  moan
escapes  her lips.   Unable  to restrain  yourself any  more, you
stand up  and leave  the room returning  to the  doctor's office.
"She's  ready for you now.",  you say.  You  take my hand in your
and whisper "Let's go!"   You are  so turned on  that we make  it
only as far as the elevator before  you are all over me.  In  the
elevator,  you pull off your  uniform and naked,  on the floor of
the mirrored  elevator we  make love  until we  both scream  in a
mind-blowing orgasm.
Spectator Sport at the High School
Story #5 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     "I have  plans for you  this evening", I say  one afternoon.
You are sitting at your desk at work  talking to me on the phone.
"What are you  wearing?", I ask.  "A skirt and blouse.", you say.
"What else?", I ask.   You look around nervously to  make sure no
one  can hear  you.   Your  voice catches  in your  throat  for a
moment, then you  say in a very quiet voice, "I'm wearing a lace,
front closing bra, a pair  of white bikini panties, stockings and
shoes."  "I want you to  go to the bathroom and remove your  bra,
panties and stockings.",  I say.  "Do this now and call me back."
You go directly to  the bathroom.  The underwear ends  up in your
purse and  the  sensation of  your nipples  rubbing against  your
blouse is  exciting.   You  hope no  one notices  that your  dark
nipples are now almost visible under  the blouse.  A few  minutes
later you're  speaking to  me again.   "Tonight", I  say, "you're
going to be treated to something special.  You must do exactly as
you are told."   "Alright", you  whisper.  "I'll  pick you up  at
6pm", I  say.  At 6 o'clock you  are outside the building waiting
for me  to pick you  up.  There is  a slight breeze  and it feels
strangely exciting to  feel it move across your shaven  pussy.  I
pick you up a moment later.  "Put your hands behind  your head.",
I say.   You follow my instructions  and you feel me  attach your
wrists to cuffs on the headrest.  "Lift yourself up."  You do  so
and  I quickly raise  your skirt above  your hips.   You sit down
again feeling the  seat directly against your  ass and pussy.   I
reach over  and undo  your  blouse almost  to your  waist.   Your
breasts are  now quite  accessible to me.   "Open your  legs.", I
order.  You spread your knees wide apart.  You have never been so
exposed in a public place before and you are getting nervous  and
excited at the  same time.  You tell  me what your feeling  and I
say,  "You  will be exposed totally  tonight.  You shiver  at the
thought  of  what is  ahead.   I  start the  car and  drive about
fifteen minutes to a high school.  I unfasten your hands and tell
you to button your  blouse.  We enter the  school and I lead  you
through a maze of  corridors.  At this time of  night, the school
seems deserted.   Finally, we arrive in a  small room.  The walls
are typical  high-school cement  and the  floor  is the  standard
vinyl tile.   In  the room  is a large  black man  and two  young
women.  The  women are  gorgeous.   They are  tall, blond  nordic
types with  great figures.   All three  people are  wearing tight
black leather clothing.   "Listen to them.", I say and then leave
the  room.  The  man looks at  you, "Take those  clothes off", he
says.   Your  fingers  fumble at  your  buttons as  you  obey his
commands.  You keep looking at the floor as your blush moves from
your face down your now naked chest.   It takes only a moment and
you are completely  naked.  The women  each take an arm  and they
lead you to a  padded massage table.  They  lie you on your  back
and fasten  leather straps to your wrists  and ankles.  Then they
rub warm oil all over your  body.  They pay particular  attention
to your breasts  where extra oil is  applied and rubbed in.   You
feel your nipples being pinched by  the slippery hands.  As  soon
as your nipples are hard they  move their hands lower down.   Oil
is massaged into your hot, shaved slit and you fell warm slippery
fingers penetrating  both your  pussy and ass  at the  same time.
They  turn you  over  and  continue the  exercise  until you  are
completely covered in the oil.  You are lifted from the table and
held before  the black man  for inspection.   He reaches  out and
grasps one slippery nipple in his large fingers.   He squeezes it
hard and you can't stifle the moan  that comes to your lips.   He
laughs as he takes his hand away, "Yes", he says, "I think you'll
do  fine."   The girls attach  long ropes  to the straps  at your
wrists  and they each take one as they lead you from the room and
down the long empty corridor.  You can't believe you are actually
so exposed in a public  place.  They lead you through  a door and
you are suddenly  in darkness.  It  is the back  of a stage,  you
realize.  The stage and  auditorium are in complete darkness with
one chilling exception.   About thirty feet ahead of  you, in the
center of the  blacked out stage, is a  doctor's examining table.
A  single spotlight highlights the table.   A shiver runs up your
spine and  your stomach  tightens at  the sight.   It is  obvious
where  you are  heading.   The  girls move  forward, pulling  you
behind them.  You are  told to lie on the table on  your back and
you do  so.  You adjust yourself  to the end of the  table.  Your
feet are strapped to the stirrups and your hands are  attached so
they are stretched above your head.  The table back is  lifted so
that   your   head   and  back   are   tilted   to   a  partially
sitting/reclining position looking  down between your legs.   The
stirrups are spread  far apart and your knees  are fastened apart
also.  One of the women  reaches down to spread your already  wet
pussy lips and  then you are left  there.  A moment  later a, you
hear a voice through the sound system of the Auditorium, "This is
our subject for today.  As you can see, she is a submissive.  Her
pussy  is kept shaved and she  is already wet as  a result of her
bondage.   Today, you  will see  how she  responds to  nipple and
breast  stimulation, being sucked  and strong stimulation  of the
genital and anal  areas.  Volunteers should now make their way to
the stage."   You are shocked beyond  belief!  First to  hear the
voice at all  then what is this about volunteers!?  The lights in
the auditorium  go up  slowly and  you see  that it  is a  packed
house.   There must  be 200-300 people sitting  there and you are
helplessly exposed.  Several people, the 'volunteers' are already
moving toward  the stage.  Soon  there are several men  and women
waiting  for their chance to touch  you.  The black man instructs
the first two,  a pair of young girls, to begin playing with your
breasts.  The  begin stroking and caressing them.   He shows them
that pinching your  nipples hard turns  you on and  you feel  the
fingers  of  the girls  as  they  pull  and pinch  the  sensitive
nipples.  You close your eyes for a moment at the pleasure.  Then
he shows the girls how to attach nipple clips that will pinch you
continuously.  Through it all, the disembodied voice in the sound
system  keeps a running  commentary.  The  two girls leave  and a
young man takes their place.  He is shown how wet you become when
he  grasps your  pussy lips  and spreads  them widely  and firmly
apart.  He is  shown exactly where your clitoris is  and you feel
his tongue slide across it.  You let out a loud moan.  The  black
man stops him just before you come.  A young couple now approach.
She  is  instructed   to  lubricate  your  bottom.    She  begins
tentatively and you  feel her thin finger slide  slowly into your
anus.   The man  meanwhile, continues to  play with  your soaking
pussy.   The double stimulation  of your pussy and  ass continues
until you think you'll scream.  You hear a movement to  your left
and you  turn your head to see  what it is.  One  of the women is
moving a medical stand on which is hanging a large red enema bag.
You think  for a moment that you should  be concerned but you are
so  hot  that  you don't  care.    The  woman between  your  legs
withdraws  her  finger and  begins  sliding the  long  thin enema
nozzle  into your bottom.  The  man is still stroking your pussy.
A moment later you feel the warm water gushing into you.  As soon
as it  is finished, the girl  removes the nozzle and  replaces it
with a vibrating butt plug.  Your stomach is very tight  with the
water of the enema and the vibrating plug is driving you crazy in
a hurry.   The man now drops  his pants and with  one long stroke
slides his cock  into you.  This  stimulation is the  last straw.
Between the pinching of your nipples, the fullness of your belly,
the vibrator in your ass and the warm cock in your pussy, you are
able to last only a couple of strokes before you begin  coming as
never before.  You ass  tightens on the vibrator and your  vagina
on his cock.  You scream out at the sensation.  This sets him off
too.  He  joins his cries  to yours  as you come  together.   The
audience leaps to its feet to applaud an outstanding performance.
You hear their  clapping continue as you are  unfastened from the
table  and led off  the stage.   Some time later,  after you have
been cleaned up and refreshed, you find yourself back in the room
where the evening  started.  You are dressed again in your blouse
and  skirt.  One of the women says,  "We have a present for you."
She holds up the vibrating butt plug.   "We'd like you to wear it
on  special occasions.  Will  you wear it now?"   You look at the
floor as you whisper, "Yes."  She smiles, "Please turn around and
bend over.", she says.  You do so and you feel your  skirt raised
to your waist.   The vibrator is cool from  the lubricant coating
it  but the  sensation  of it  sliding into  your bottom  is very
exciting.  You  leave the room and are guided to the parking lot.
In the car again you feel the fullness of the plug in your behind
as you sit down.  I reach over  to touch you as I demand you tell
me everything.   Remembering  the last couple  of hours  you come
again and again.
Demonstration at the Hospital
Story #6 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     You are at your desk at the office when I call, "Hello", you
say.   "Hi", I  reply, "tell me...  what exactly are  you wearing
right now?"   Your heart skips a beat.   This has become almost a
code phrase that  means that you should be  submissive.  You look
around you  to see  that on  one can  overhear.   "I'm wearing  a
light,  white silk  blouse, a  thin white  cotton skirt,  my lacy
white bra and bikini panties.", you whisper.  "What color are the
panties?", I ask.  "White.", you answer.  You can almost  hear me
smile at  the other end  of the phone.   "Go to  the washroom and
remove your bra and  panties.  When you do up  your blouse, don't
button it above the level of  your nipples."  "But", you stammer,
"my blouse  is practically  see through!"   "Good", I  say, "then
everyone  should get a good look at your nipples."  I hang up and
you  nervously  make  your  way  to the  washroom  to  follow  my
instructions.   Sure enough,  when you look  in the  mirror, your
dark brown nipples  are clearly visible through the  blouse.  You
blush furiously as you move quickly back to your desk hoping that
on one will  see you.  About ten  minutes later I call,  "Meet me
downstairs in fifteen  minutes."  You are relieved  that you will
be  able to leave the office  and not expose yourself anymore but
you are also apprehensive.  I  arrive on time and as soon as  you
get in the car you raise your skirt to your waist and spread your
knees.  "Very good.",  I say.  It is not a long  drive but at one
stop light, you look up to  discover a truck driver looking  down
at your exposed body.   From his vantage point, he  can see right
down to your spread legs and shaved pussy.  You look away knowing
that you wouldn't be permitted  to cover yourself.  The encounter
leaves you flushed and excited.  A few minutes later we arrive at
the  entrance to  a large  city hospital.   You  don't  know what
you'll be doing  here but you're sure  it will be outrageous.   I
take you  inside and  put you  in the  charge of  a nurse  on the
second floor.  "Come with me.",  she says.  She leads you down  a
corridor and into a  small room.  It  is a shower room.   You can
see a young blond who has just finished her shower.  As she turns
toward you, you  recognize the young girl you  helped initiate in
the doctor's office!  She recognizes you also but neither  of you
say anything.  The nurse instructs  you to shower and then  takes
the young blond, now covered in only a hospital gown, out  of the
room.  By the time  you have finished, the nurse is  back.  After
donning your  own gown,  you are  led out  of the  room and  down
another corridor.   You go through a door  and into a large, well
lit room.   Here you  see fifteen to  twenty doctors in  a group.
They are obviously  receiving a lecture  and instruction from  an
older doctor.  In the middle of the room are two examining tables
side by side.  On one table, the blond is already being used as a
demonstration.  A chill  runs down your spine all the  way to you
pussy!  You know now exactly what will be done to you.  The nurse
brings you over to  the group and removes your gown.   You here a
whistle and  you notice  everyone looking  at your shaved  pussy.
You try to cover yourself with your hands but the nurse stops you
and guides  you to the  second table.   Soon you are  lying there
completely  exposed.   A doctor  explains to  the interns  how to
examine you and  you feel the awkward fumbling  gloved fingers of
the  young intern pulling  your pussy lips  apart.   You lips are
stretched  wide apart  to examine  you and you  feel just  like a
little girl  as you  lie there  passively.   The intern  rubs his
finger across your exposed clitoris  and you cannot stifle a moan
of pleasure.   A moment later,  another intern, this  one a young
girl, takes  over and it is her who  plays with your shaved pussy
lips.  As  one after the other  of the young doctor's  touch you,
you get steadily more excited and more  wet.  The doctor now show
the interns how to do an internal exam.  Soon strange fingers are
sliding into your  soaking pussy.  You gasp and turn your head to
the side, embarrassed that  they can all see  the effect this  is
having on you.  You see the young blond on the table next to you.
Her hips are slowly  squirming on the examining table  as a young
woman intern  slides a  lubricated finger into  her bottom.   You
lock eyes  for a moment  just as  a warm  finger penetrates  your
bottom to the hilt.  She  smiles at you as you reflexively  raise
your hips from  the table.  Through  it all, they provide  you no
relief.  You are kept from coming again and again.   Finally, you
and your companion  are lifted from the  table.  The  nurses give
your hospital gowns and you are again  led back to the room where
you undressed.  As soon as the door closes behind you, one of the
nurses holds the  blond's above her head.  The other looks at you
and smiles. "Lick her.", she says.  You are so hot that you don't
even hesitate.   You bend to lick  her nipples that spring  up at
the touch of  your tongue.  You move your tongue all across them.
You bite down  on her nipples gently  at first then harder.   The
blond moans and wriggles in the  arms of the nurse.  You drop  to
your knees and move your tongue  into her light blond fuzz.   She
is soaking  wet and you  delight in the  taste of her.   It takes
only a moment and her whole body  shakes as she comes.  The nurse
now takes you  and holds you helpless  as the blond drops  to her
knees before you.  The  second nurse begins pinching your nipples
as you feel  the hot,  rasping tongue  of the  young blond  slave
slide between your  smooth pussy lips.  You moan and quiver and a
moment  later have  one of  the strongest  orgasms you  have ever
experienced.  You are moth  allowed to dress and the nurse  leads
you to the exit.  Your knees are a little weak as you get back in
the car.  I smile at you as you sit down and  raise your skirt to
show  me your soaking  pussy.  "You  were a good  girl today.", I
say,   "Did you like  the blond?"   "Mmmm, yes", you  say. "Good.
next week you  will be her mistress  and she will be  your slave.
What will  you do with her?"  Your  pussy tightens at the thought
of having that  gorgeous young slave at  your command.   "I think
I'll start  by shaving her pussy.", you  say, "Then I'll take her
outside into the woods and make her do wicked things."  You hands
move to your pussy as you think of it and a moment later you come
in your second orgasm of the day.
At the Chalet
Story #7 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It  is a  warm  sunny  Saturday morning  and  you have  just
answered  the  phone.   "Hello",  I  say "are  you  ready for  an
adventure?"  You  smile at the thought of  yet another outrageous
adventure  and  you say,  "Yes!"    "Good",  I whisper,  "Do  you
remember the young blond you initiated?  Well, if you come  to my
country house, you'll have her at your command.  I'll pick you up
in ten minutes."  You feel your  nipples harden at the thought of
being the mistress of this pretty blond slave.  Ten minutes later
you are ready.  You are wearing a tight white blouse, a miniskirt
and running shoes.  As usual, you are not wearing either a bra or
panties.   Your freshly shaved  pussy is already starting  to get
wet.  As a final touch, you have inserted you butt plug into your
bottom.  As you sit in the car, you feel the lubricated plug push
deeper  into your rectum.   Without asking,  you immediately pull
your short skirt up to the level of  your waist.  "I'm wearing my
butt plug.", you  say. I smile at  the at the  thought.  It is  a
quick drive to  the cottage which is  situated next to a  lake in
the middle  of a  beautiful wooded  area.   As we  pull into  the
driveway, I hand you the keys.  "She is waiting for you.", I say,
"I will be back  later."  I then push two  fingers deep into your
wet pussy and after I take them out, I lick them sensuously.  You
moan as your  pussy is stretched by the fingers.   You get out of
the car and enter the cottage.   In the living room you see  her.
She is wearing a  thin cotton skirt that goes to  her knees and a
light blue cotton  shirt that is unbuttoned almost  to her waist.
Her hands are  tied together and then  to a rope which  is looped
over  a beam in the  ceiling.  She is  stretched so that she must
stay on tip-toe  to remain standing.   Her feet are bare  and you
see her sneakers tossed  in the corner.  She is also blindfolded.
You don't move for a moment  knowing that she has heard you  come
in and  imagining her anticipation.   You look at  her carefully.
You are sure  that her breasts and  pussy are not covered  by any
underclothing and  you decide not  to remove  her blindfold  just
yet.   You move  right up  in front  of her so  you can  feel her
breath on your face.   You reach up and touch  her full lips with
your fingertips.   She gasps at this  first touch.  "Please", she
whispers.   You smile.   It is  unclear whether she  means please
stop or please go on and you know that either way  is irrelevant.
You reach  down and  pull apart  the sides  of her  blouse.   Her
breasts come into  view.  They  are large but  firm and they  are
topped  with magnificent  nipples.   Your own  nipples are  large
especially  when they  are hard  like they are  now but  hers are
larger.   The are  long and  thick and they  stick out to  over a
half-inch.  They are surrounded by dark areola.  She is breathing
a  little heavier  now anticipating  her  breasts being  touched.
Instead, your hands move lower  and unfasten her skirt letting it
fall in a heap around  her ankles.  You pull up a  chair in front
of her.  "We are going to  have plenty of opportunity to find out
about you.",  you tell her, "First, we're  going to find out what
turns you on."   The girl  shifts uneasily on her  feet.  She  is
still blindfolded.   "Let's talk  about your breasts.",  you say,
"Are  they  sensitive?"    Her  voice quivers  a  little  as  she
responds, "Yes."   "Tell me what you like  to have done to them."
"I  like it when  they're squeezed very hard.",  she says, "And I
like it when the nipples are pulled."  "Very good", you say, "And
how should the nipples be pulled?"   "Very hard.", she admits, "I
like it when they're pulled until it starts to hurt.  I also like
those nipple clamp  things that pinch  them."  "Anything  else?",
You  ask.  She  hesitates for a  moment and then  says, "Well, my
boyfriend slapped  my breasts lightly with a little leather strap
once  and I came  right away."   You smile  at the  thought.  You
stand up  and grasp one of her long  nipples in each hand holding
them tightly  between forefinger  and thumb.   You  begin pulling
them  rhythmically  steadily  increasing  the  pressure  on  each
stroke.   The young girl begins to moan  as you pinch her nipples
hard and  pull them and her breasts up.   You hold them there for
one  long moment and  then let  go.  The  nipples are as  hard as
little pebbles  and the blond  gasps as they  are released.   You
reach down  and pull gently  at her pubic  hair.  "You  will lose
this  shortly.", you  say.   "Please don't!",  she pleads.   "Why
not?", you ask.   "I'd feel  like a little  girl.", she  whispers
back.   You remember what  it was like  when your pubic  hair was
first removed and how mortified you felt.  "Then you'll just have
to  feel like a  little girl.", you  tell her.   You unfasten her
hands from  the beam and  you lead her  over to  a table.   After
removing her blouse so that she is completely naked, you have her
lie back on the table and you tie her so her hands  are stretched
above her head and her  knees are far apart.   You see the  light
blond  hair perfectly  framing  her  pussy and  you  can see  her
crinkled  anus fully  exposed.   You  make a  quick  trip to  the
bathroom for supplies and you take the opportunity to remove your
own butt plug which had  become a little uncomfortable.   You are
sure that  you can  put it to  better use.   During the  next few
minutes you  shave the blond's  pubis completely.  You  take your
time and you  do a  thorough job,  reaching down all  the way  to
catch the small hairs between her pussy and ass.  The  young girl
whimpers throughout  the entire  process.  When  it is  done, you
take some baby oil and  begin rubbing it into her pussy.  You oil
every  nook  and  cranny,  paying  particular  attention  to  her
clitoris.   Soon she  is squirming  in her  bonds.   You oil  the
inside lips of  her pussy pulling and stretching  them wide apart
to expose the pink interior.  She is, of course, helpless to stop
you.   You lay a  hand flat  on her mound  and you feel  the heat
rising from it.   Then, oh  so slowly, you  slide one hot,  oiled
finger  into her pussy  and into her  ass at the  same time until
both  are  embedded to  their  fullest.   The  girl  lets out  an
uncontrollable moan.   She is close  to coming but you  don't let
her yet.  You  reach up and undo  her blindfold.  "I want  you to
see this.", you say.  You position a large mirror so that she can
see her now naked pussy.  "You should get a good look.", you tell
her  as you reach  down.  You  grasp the edges  of her pink pussy
lips with the  tips of your fingers and you pull them apart until
they are stretched wide enough  to be uncomfortable.  She blushes
as she looks at her own  pussy now more exposed that it has  ever
been before.   You let go of  her pussy and  stand up.  Her  eyes
follow your every movement.   You take your plastic butt  plug in
one hand and begin coating it with lubricant.  Her eyes open wide
apart.  "Do you  know what I'm going  to do with this?", you  ask
her.   She nods her head.  "Say it.",  you say.  Her voice sounds
just like  a little girl as she says,  "You're going to push into
my bottom until it hurts."  "No", you say, "It wont hurt at all."
Very slowly, you begin  to insert the plug into her  bottom.  You
watch  her anus expand  to accommodate it.   The blond's hips are
now  moving reflexively up and  down as her  ass is slowly filled
up.  Soon it is lodged in her to its fullest.   You reach up with
one hand and pinch one of her nipples quite hard.  With the other
hand you slowly  move the hard intruder  in and out of  her tight
behind.  It  only takes a minute before she begins  to come.  Her
short  quick gasps  become cries  of pleasure  as her  whole body
tightens in  the orgasm.   You keep  stimulating her for  a while
longer as  she peaks  again  and again.   Watching  her come  has
excited you so  much that you can't resist touching yourself.  It
takes  the briefest  of  strokes on  your  already soaking  pussy
before you give a little  cry and come too.  A few  minutes later
you pull  the girl to her feet.  You  remove her butt plug before
you tie her hands behind her back and you  attach a dog collar to
her neck.  You take a long leash and with one end fastened to the
collar and the other end firmly  in hand, lead the blond outside.
She is still hot from her recent orgasm and she protest weakly as
you pull  her out the door and  onto a path into the  woods.  You
walk slowly, allowing  her to pick her way carefully  in her bare
feet.   You stop  for a  moment and  look back  at her.   She  is
blushing furiously and  looking around to see if  there is anyone
there.  You walk on for a  few more minutes before you stop.  You
take her blindfold  out of your bag  and cover her eyes  with it.
Next you take your rope and use it to tie her.   You have her lay
on her back on a wide patch of  moss.  You take her hands and tie
them  to a  tree so they're  stretched out  above her head.   Her
ankles and knees are tied to  two convenient trees on either side
so that  they are held wide apart about  a foot above the ground.
You step back  to observe your handiwork.  She is beautiful.  The
sun hits this patch of the forest just so.  Her pussy and ass are
completely exposed to you.  You look between her legs and you see
the sunlight glisten off the mixture of oil and her own juices on
her shaved pussy.  Further down, the sun catches the sight of the
lubricant still  evident  around her  crinkled rosebud.   She  is
breathing heavily.   If  anything, this  has  excited her  beyond
where she was  before.  Being completely vulnerable  here, in the
open, has turned her  on.  "What are you going to do to me?", she
asks in a hesitant, little girl voice.  You say nothing.  "Please
don't leave  me here.   Please.  Anyone might  come by.   What if
they saw  me?"   You  smile  at the  thought  but still  you  say
nothing.   After a  moment, you  move to  the other  side of  the
clearing.  You reach down and pick a spray of  nettles.  You move
back over beside  the helpless girl.  Without  speaking you reach
down  and gently  rub the  frond of  nettles across  her engorged
nipples.   She is  startled at the  touch.  The  scratchy nettles
begin to irritate the nipples  almost immediately.  You know from
experience how  itchy they can  be.  You  stand up and  move down
between  her legs.   Bending  down, you  rub the  irritating buds
along  the  lips  of her  slit.    She moans  as  her  hips begin
squirming about.  For  the final touch, you rub  one frond gently
across her  exposed anus.   You press the prickly  nettle gently,
making sure that it will have its effect.  When you stand up, you
see that the stimulation of  the nettles has already begun.   She
is moaning  softly, pulling  at the  ropes which  bind her  in an
attempt to touch herself.  Her pussy has begun lubricating again,
its juices  trickling down between  her buttocks.  A  few minutes
more, you think, and she will be willing to do anything.   As you
start to walk away, the blond  cries out, "Where are you  going?"
You don't reply.   You  take a  leisurely stroll  along the  path
wondering  what might happen  if someone actually  discovered her
there.  About ten minutes later, you walk back into the clearing.
She  is moaning steadily  now.  Her shaved  pussy is soaking wet.
She hears your  footsteps and blushes again.   "Hello....hello?",
she asks tentatively.  You pick up a thin flexible branch and sit
down next  to her.   With the branch  firmly in hand,  you gently
slap both  her breasts with it.  She lets out a little cry at the
sensation.  You don't slap her hard enough to hurt her, just hard
enough  that  the  stimulation of  her  over  stimulated  body in
enhanced.  You  slap her again, making  sure that the tip  of the
branch touches  the nipple of  one breast.  You  alternately slap
one nipple then the other until  they are as hard and excited  as
they can be.   Then, you stand up and begin  lightly slapping the
sides  of her pussy  with the branch.   She is  dripping wet now.
The  sensation of the branch  touching the sides  of her pussy is
almost more than she can bear.  She is very close to coming.  You
lay a few strokes on the sensitive  inner lips of her pussy and a
couple  directly onto  her hard  clitoris.   She  is moaning  and
pulling on the  ropes of her bonds trying to get  free so she can
satisfy herself.  You can't take any more yourself.  You drop the
branch  and your  clothes  on  the ground.    You place  yourself
between her legs  so that your  left leg crosses under  her right
and your right leg crosses over her left.  You scoot down so that
both of your shaven, wet slits touch.  The sensation is electric!
Immediately you both begin  grinding your pussies together.   The
hot wet  feeling  of  another  woman's  slit  touching  yours  is
incredible.  It takes only a minute and you  both cry out as your
juices mix in an orgasm that takes you both over the brink.
Kidnapped to the Islands
Story #8 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     One day while waiting  in the car, you see a  large blue van
pull alongside.   The driver looks down  at you and smiles.   You
smile back but all of  a sudden, your car door is yanked open and
two young  black men pull  you out  of the car.   Before  you can
think to scream, you are already in the back of the van.  You are
blindfolded and tied  up.  The van  drives for about a  half hour
then stops.  You are taken out of the van and into a house.  Your
blindfold is removed and you are untied.  There are six  or seven
people in the room  and one of them says,  "We are going to  take
some pictures of you now.  If you don't cooperate fully, you will
be punished.  Remove all of your clothes."  As your hands move to
the buttons  on your  blouse, a camera  begins to  take pictures.
You are very nervous.  The camera continues to flash as you strip
completely before these  strangers.  Close-ups are taken  of your
breasts and their hard nipples.  Also, of your shaved pussy.  You
are put in a  variety of positions each  one more revealing  than
the  last.  You  are photographed with your  pussy lips held wide
apart to expose  the pink interior.  In the next picture, a young
girl holds  your buttocks apart  to display  your anus.   You are
photographed with  a finger  held deep in  your bottom  and again
with a vibrator  held up your pussy.  You have your picture taken
with your tongue  sticking out to  touch the head  of a cock  and
again touching a woman's nipple.  Finally, it is over.   You find
yourself wet with excitement as you are taken, naked, back to the
truck.  You are still without any  clothing as you are led aboard
a private jet at  the airport and tied  to the seat.   During the
four  hour flight  to  your unknown  destination,  the other  two
passengers,  a man  and a  woman,  take delight  in teasing  your
helpless body.   They play  with your nipples  and pussy and  you
come again and again as they touch you.  It is nighttime when you
leave the  plane on  a warm  Caribbean  island.   You are  driven
several miles  into the countryside  before you reach  your final
destination.   It  is a small  village.   You are brought  into a
small hut where a huge black man says, "We know you.  We know you
are a  sexual slave.   You have  been brought  here deliberately.
Tonight you will play part in a tremendous ritual."  You are very
scared.  What will  they do to you, you wonder.   Two women enter
the hut and begin  oiling your naked body.  The  spend particular
attention on oiling your pussy.  Their long slim fingers slide in
and around your shaved pussy lips and despite yourself, you begin
to get  turned  on.   After several  minutes they  stop with  you
having almost come  a dozen times.   They tie long ropes  to your
wrists and ankles.  Two more women  enter and with one woman each
holding one of the ropes, you are  led from the hut to the center
of the  village.  The  entire village is  there and they  eye you
appreciatively  as  your naked,  oiled  body is  pulled  into the
center of the crowd and displayed.  In the center of  the village
is a large stone altar and it is upon this that you are forced to
lie  on your back.  The four women  hold the ropes firmly so that
your arms and legs are spread-eagled and your body is on display.
A moment later, a young black man is brought, naked to the altar.
You look down and  see the thickest,  longest cock you have  ever
experienced.   You are  sure it will  end up  in you.   A  moment
later, your suspicions are confirmed as the purple, oiled head of
his cock begins to push against your oiled pussy lips.  They part
willingly to  accept it  but it  take many  strokes before  he is
completely imbedded  in you.   You are totally  filled up.   Your
vaginal walls are  stretched to the limit.   You abandon yourself
to the sensation of his massive  organ sliding its full length in
and  out of you.  The crowd has  begun cheering you on.  You have
never been so turned  on in your entire life.  You  both begin to
climax at the same time, screaming as your arms and legs  kick in
their bonds.  You experience the most profound physical sensation
that you have ever had  and then pass out.  The next morning, you
awake in  one of the huts.   You are on  top of a bed  covered in
silk sheets.   You stretch out luxuriously.  One of the men comes
into the  hut, "We will be  releasing you and returning  you home
shortly.", he  says, "But before  you go, there is  something you
must do.   You will initiate a  young girl into the  pleasures of
this kind of sex.   You may do what you wish  with her, but there
are several things you must do.  First, you must shave  her pussy
so that it is  like yours.  Second, you must  give her a spanking
that will turn  her on and  finally, you must pierce  her nipples
and insert these  gold rings."  You  own pussy starts  gushing at
the thought of it.  "Also",  he says, "you will initiate a  young
man into the joys of submission."  The man leads you from the hut
and into another.  You are wearing a thin cotton gown.  You enter
the  hut alone and  there, in the middle  is a doctor's examining
table.   The young girl,  obviously nervous, is  tied down to it.
You walk  over and begin  running your  hands all over  her body.
She shivers each time you touch her.  She is a black girl perhaps
seventeen years old.   She has a  pretty figure  Her  breasts are
small but her nipples are very long.  You begin pulling  on them.
"How  hard do  you like your  nipples pulled?",  you ask.   "Very
hard.", she whispers.  "Alright",  you say as you begin squeezing
her nipples hard.  She starts to moan and lifts her hips from the
table.  You move down between  the stirrups.  Taking some oil  on
your fingers, you penetrate  her in her tight pussy and her tight
bottom at once.  After  a couple of minutes of this  stimulation,
she is gasping uncontrollably.   You untie her legs  and turn her
on her belly.   You take a  thin leather strap and  lightly spank
her upturned bottom until it is warm  to the touch.  You turn her
back over and  attach her feet again  to the stirrups.   Over her
feeble protests, you shave her entire  pubic area.  You take your
time so  as to  make no mistakes.   When  you have  finished, you
slowly  rub oil  into the entire  pubic area.   You have  to stop
several times because  she is so  close to coming  and you  don't
want her  to do that.  You can't  resist the temptation to gently
lick her from the small of her back in one long lick up along her
crack, across her anus,  along and into  her pussy and ending  at
her clitoris.   One  more and she  would come  so you stop.   You
stand up  and look at her.  Her hips  are moving all around.  She
is completely at your mercy.  "You  know I'm going to pierce your
nipples.", you  say. "Yes",  she whispers.   You don't  delay any
longer.  Taking  a needle in one hand and pulling her left nipple
with the  other, you  quickly pierce it  horizontally.   The girl
let's out  a little  yelp but you  can see it  has turned  her on
more.   She has  closed her  eyes and  is gasping  deeply at  the
sensation.   Her  pussy is  just  gushing out  its  juices.   You
quickly pull a gold hoop through the nipple and then look  at the
other.   The right nipple  has become rock hard  in anticipation.
As you  pierce it, you see her shudder  as she begins a series of
gut-wrenching orgasms.  Finally it is over and  you leave the hut
together.  You are brought now to another hut.  There is  a young
boy here  perhaps seventeen or eighteen  years old.  He  is naked
with his hands  tied above his head  to the ceiling.   He is very
embarrassed when you  come in and he hangs his head to avoid your
eyes.  You walk around him several times.  You touch his nipples,
his tight  little ass  and you gently  squeeze the  balls hanging
under his erection.  You pick up a little leather strap and begin
lightly strapping his  hard cock with  it.  You only  strike hard
enough to  sting but upon each stroke his  cock gets harder.  You
make him promise  to obey your every  command and then you  untie
his hands from the ceiling.  You tie the leather strap around his
cock and  balls and then you lead him by  the strap to the center
of the  room.  You sit on a chair  and have him kneel before you.
Your poor body is so turned on you are about to scream and having
this young  male slave kneeling  at your feet awaiting  your next
instruction is too much.  You lift your dress and grab him by the
hair.  "Suck me!", you command.  You pull his  face into your wet
pussy and  he immediately  sticks out his  tongue to  please you.
His technique is  great and it  doesn't take long before  you are
coming, letting your juices run into his mouth.  You now pull him
across your  knee and observe how embarrassed he  is to be put in
such an undignified position.  It doesn't get any easier for  him
as you instruct him to spread his legs to provide you with easier
access to  his  cock and  balls.   You  fondle him,  feeling  the
excitement of his  hard-on and the weight of his full balls.  You
begin spanking his bottom with your hand until his bottom is pink
and warm.   He squirms around on  your lap and you  feel his cock
push against your leg.  You have  him stand up and you tie him to
the doctor's  examining table  in the corner  just like  the girl
was.  He seems mortified to have his feet put in the stirrups and
to have his  genitals and anus so fully exposed.  You are getting
turned on again as you see how helpless he is.  You pick up a jar
of vaseline  and begin  lubricating your finger.   His  eyes open
wide at  the  sight.   His anus  is well  exposed  and you  enjoy
watching him wriggle as your finger slowly slides its full length
into his  bottom.  You grasp his cock in  one hand and you stroke
it  at the same  rhythm your finger  is moving in and  out of his
ass.  Soon the boy is moaning  uncontrollably.  He is begging you
to let him come but  you don't let him.   You love being able  to
control his every sensation.  You take a vibrating  butt plug and
you slowly slide it into his well lubricated bottom.  You squeeze
his balls as  you turn it on.   This final sensation  is too much
for him and  he screams in pleasure  as his come begins  to shoot
into  the air.  It spurts in spasm after spasm as his body shakes
in the  orgasm.  You finally untie  him and he goes  to his knees
before you to beg to be your slave  forever.  "No", you say, "you
will belong to someone else."   You both leave the hut.  A couple
of hours later,  as you are about  to board the plane,  the young
boy is  brought forward on a leash.  The  leader hands the end of
the  leash to you.   "The boy  is our present to  you.", he says.
The boy  looks like  he has  arrived in  heaven as  you take  him
aboard the plane.   As the plane takes off, you look down at your
new toy, kneeling obediently at your  feet.  Your pussy begins to
get wet at the  thought of what you  will do to him and  what you
will have him do to you in the days to come.
Punishment of the Maid
Story #9 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     You  are sitting  at  your  desk working  on  a lazy  Friday
afternoon when  your phone rings,  "High", you hear me  say, "Are
you ready  for an adventure?"   Your heart  skips a beat.   Every
'adventure' that you have been  invited on has been an experience
beyond the ordinary and you are at once nervous and excited about
what  is about to  happen.   "Yes", you  say in  your little-girl
voice.   You can  almost hear me  smile at the  other end  of the
phone.  Prepare  yourself and I'll pick you up  at your apartment
at 7pm.  I hang up the phone  and you are left, wondering at what
you are  preparing yourself for.  You notice that you have become
almost  instantly wet  and  you  squirm at  the  sensation.   The
minutes between the call and the  end of the working day drag  on
for ages.   As soon as work  is over, you rush home.   As soon as
you  arrive, you draw a hot bath and  take off your clothes.  You
soak  yourself   luxuriously,  making   sure  to   wash  yourself
everywhere.  You  are so  aroused by  now that you  are dying  to
masturbate  but you  know that  it  is strictly  forbidden.   You
resist the  temptation to play  with yourself  as your  washcloth
slides  over your  shaved  pussy  lips.   You  take  a razor  and
carefully  remove any trace  of stubble on  your sensitive pussy.
It does  not take  too long  and you  are ready.   You open  your
closet and select a pretty white dress.  You do not put on either
panties or  bra as these garments are  not permitted when you are
preparing yourself.   You  do your hair  and makeup and  then you
look at yourself  in the mirror.   The dress  is not really  see-
through but it  is flimsy enough that your dark brown nipples are
definitely visible  through the thin  fabric.  You are  glad that
your  pussy  is  shaved as  a  dark haired  pussy  would  also be
instantly  visible through the light sun dress.   You sit down on
the corner of the bed and  wait patiently.  The wait is  not long
before the  doorbell rings.   You meet  me downstairs  and before
entering the car  you raise your skirt  to show that you  are not
wearing underwear.  This simple act of submission is  scary.  You
are   nervous  that  someone  might  see  you  actually  exposing
yourself.  You keep your skirt raised until I give you permission
to lower it.   By the  time you are sitting  in the car,  you are
flushed hot and  wet.  You  are very curious  about where we  are
going  but  you  know better  than  to  ask.   The  drive  is not
particularly long and when we arrive  it is to the entrance to  a
huge home, a veritable  mansion.  We are greeted by  a tall, dark
butler who  is very handsome.  He leads us up the stairs, along a
corridor and  into a darkened  room.  The  door shuts behind  us,
leaving just the two of us alone.  "Take off your dress.", I say.
You pull the  dress over your head  leaving you naked.    I guide
you over  to a leather  chair that looks  a little like  what you
might expect at a  hair-stylist.  You sit in the  chair and watch
as I pull stirrups out of the  arms and fit your feet into  them.
Straps attach your ankles to the metal stirrups and your feet are
adjusted wide apart.   Your hands are tied  together and attached
behind the head rest of the chair.  Thin leather straps pull your
knees even wider apart thus completely exposing you.  You are now
completely helpless.   The chair  is facing a curtained  wall and
you watch as I  move over to the side  of the room and lower  the
lights.  The curtain moves to  the side and you see that  you are
now looking at a  large window into another room.   It is a study
of sorts, the  walls covered in books.   The decor is  sparse but
tasteful.  Black leather chairs and sofas are off to one side and
a large  forbidding desk is off to the other.  A man and a woman,
both in their mid-30s, both  extremely attractive are sitting  on
two of the leather chairs in the room.  You realize that what you
must be  looking through  is one-way  glass.   You  are about  to
observe something  that the  participants will not  know you  are
watching!    Your  pussy  starts  to  get  even  wetter  as  your
imagination begins to  run wild.  You  do not have long  to wait.
The far door to the  study opens and a young girl, perhaps  17 or
18 years old  enters.  She immediately presents  herself in front
of the older  couple.  She is  wearing a pretty little  black and
white maids uniform on her petite body.  She is blond, with short
curly  hair and  her legs  seem very  long  in the  short uniform
skirt.  The  sound from the room  comes through a speaker  in the
wall.   "Denise you have  been very displeasing.", says  the man.
"I am sorry, Sir.", says the maid bowing her head. "I will try to
do  better."  "No Denise, you are going  to have to live with the
consequences of your behavior.", says  the older woman, "You  are
going to be  punished for your poor performance."   Denise's eyes
open wide.   "Oh  please don't", she  pleads, "Please....?"   The
pleading falls on deaf  ears, however.  The older woman stands up
and  comes over to  the maid.   "Turn around  Denise.", she says.
The  maid slowly, hesitantly turns  to face away  from them.  You
imagine  yourself in  the room,  what it  would feel  like to  be
facing away from this couple, not  able to see what they will  do
to  you next.  The thought  sends a shiver down  your spine.  The
older woman reaches down and grasps the hem of the maids uniform.
With one motion, she  pulls it up over the head of the young girl
and off of  her.  She is left  now, only in her  panties and bra.
The brazier is  next and the older  woman quickly unhooks it  and
pulls it off.  Now she  grasps the waistband of the white  cotton
panties which are  the last defense of  the young maid.   You can
hear the  teenager whimpering  as the  skimpy garment  is slowly,
gently  slid down  her long  tanned legs.   Now naked,  Denise is
instructed to clasp  her hands on top  of her head and  keep them
there.  The older couple leaves her there for a couple of minutes
letting the anticipation build.  Yours is building also.  Now the
man stands up and takes Denise's  hands and ties them behind her.
Her right wrist is tied to her  left elbow and her left wrist  is
tied  to her right  elbow.  It is  a position you  know well.  It
leaves  your  breasts,  pussy  and  ass  completely  exposed  and
helpless for whatever  your master or mistress wish to do to you.
Denise is now turned around and  you see her front for the  first
time.   She is  beautiful.   Her breasts  are firm  and trim  but
topped with very long  brown nipples almost like  your own.   Her
body  is long  and lean, like  a gymnasts  and her pussy  is also
shaved completely bare.  You  watch as the older woman approaches
the maid holding a couple of nipple clips.  As they  are attached
you feel me reach around to attach two clips to your own nipples.
You and Denise moan with one voice as the metal clips fasten onto
your sensitive  breasts.  Denise  is now  led over to  a straight
backed chair and  the older woman pulls  her over her knee.   You
know that the young submissive is in for a bare-bottomed spanking
and you are  very hot knowing  that you will  be able to see  it.
The  woman is not  in a hurry  to begin the  punishment, however.
She orders the girl to spread her legs wide apart and you see her
begin  to caress the  teenager from behind.   You  feel the chair
beneath  you begin to shift and you are startled by the movement.
The seat under you slowly spreads apart into two halves.  The now
warm leather pulls  your buttocks with it thus  holding your anus
and  pussy completely  open.   You feel  something cool  and hard
touch your ass  and my hand moves beneath you to  adjust it so it
is touching the center of your anus.  The hard,  lubricated dildo
slides slowly but  relentlessly up into your bottom.  You gasp at
the sensation, you are, of  course, helpless to do anything about
it as the unyielding intruder  slides further and further up into
your body.   You are breathing in  short ragged breaths and  your
whole body is  trembling by the time the  anal dildo stops moving
upward.   You are  fully impaled by  it.   Your ass  is stretched
uncomfortably wide and you are filled totally.  You look ahead to
see that Denise has suffered much the  same fate.  Her bottom now
has the  end  of a  plastic  butt plug  sticking  from it.    Her
paddling  is about to start and  you watch as the leather covered
paddle descends on her helpless  white buttocks.  The sharp crack
of it sounds again  and again as she is spanked.   The anal dildo
in your  rear now start to  move slowly in  and out in  long full
strokes.  You  gasp at every insertion.   Denise's bottom  is red
before she is allowed to stand and as she does so you see me move
to in front of you again.  I attach 2 clips to your pussy and you
feel them  pulling your pussy  open to expose the  pink interior.
Denise is  now being placed on her back on the large table in the
room.  Her nipple clips are being played with by the older man as
the woman ties her with her  knees wide apart.  You feel  a thick
vibrator being slid into your soaking pussy as Denise suffers the
same fate.   Your moans and  cries are almost  identical to those
coming from the other room as  Denise's vibrator fills her up and
then  turns on.   The humming in  your own pussy  is bringing you
close to an orgasm and I quickly reach down to shut it off.  "Not
yet.", I  whisper.   You squirm in  frustration, pulling  at your
bonds  desperate to  touch yourself.   The  dildo in  your bottom
continues to move  and you push yourself down on it trying to get
it deeper into you.   The woman in the other room has  now picked
up a crop and is stroking the young slave's inner thighs with it.
"Please no...  Please don't  whip my  little pussy.",  pleads the
petite maid.  The  older woman just smiles.  The  first stroke of
the crop on her pussy is quick and is quickly followed by several
more.   You  watch  as the  crop strikes  all over  the sensitive
flesh.  You know exactly how she is feeling and you moan again in
frustration as  you  feel your  own  juices trickling  down  your
thighs.  The crop is now aimed at Denise's sensitive anus and you
see it  strike at  and around  the butt  plug there.   Denise  is
straining  at  her bonds  as  the crop  strikes.   You  know that
vibrator  or not  you are soon  going to  come and just  then the
vibrator starts again.   It moves swiftly  in and out of  you and
you feel your toes curl  as your feet pull against the  stirrups.
Denise cries out as her orgasm hits her.  The sound of  her cries
sets you  off and  you cry  out yourself  as wave  after wave  of
orgasm  wracks your  body.   You  pull  at  your bonds  with  the
familiar feeling of helplessness  as your hands pull into  little
fists and you squirm back and forth.  You let yourself go totally
into the orgasm, feeling your  stomach and thighs spasm again and
again.  Finally  the vibrator is removed  and as though  from far
away, you feel the anal dildo slide out and my fingers remove the
nipple and pussy clips from you.  You are almost in a dream state
as you  feel me lean  down until my  lips are touching  your ear.
"Soon you will be  punished together.", You  hear me say and  you
drift off to sleep  with a contented smile  on your face  knowing
there is more to come.

The Special School
Story #11 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It  is late  spring and we  are sitting  down in  the garden
having breakfast.   You are wearing your white  satin silk pajama
bottoms and  top.  I put down my newspaper and look at you.  "Are
you interested in spending your entire  summer in an adventure?",
I ask.   Your  heart skips a  beat as  you digest this  tidbit of
breakfast  conversation.   "What kind  of  adventure?", you  ask.
"About an hour's drive north of here",  I say, "is a very special
school.  People like the  people you've met send their daughters,
sons, wives  and so on  to this school  for a particular  kind of
instruction.  The kids are between 16 and 25 years old and are to
be trained in bondage and  discipline, in experiencing this  type
of sex and  in being both obedient and  more sexually expressive.
You  could  be put  in charge  of  that school.   You  would have
several instructors working  for you and you would  probably have
between  twelve  and   twenty  students.    Sometimes   wives  or
sex-slaves  are  sent there  for  a  few  days of  discipline  or
training and  you would  also be in  charge of  their treatment."
Your entire body is flushed at the thought.  You pussy has gotten
uncomfortably  warm   and  you   are   literally  dripping   with
excitement.  You shift your body on the chair and feel the smooth
satin glide  across your clitoris.   You lick your  lips and moan
softly, "Mmmmm.", "Well?", I ask, "Are  you interested?"  "Yes!",
you reply.   Your mind is a jumble  of thoughts as your fantasies
suddenly  go into  overdrive.   You barely  hear me  say, "Great!
We'll go up there on Monday an I'll come to visit every week.
     On Monday morning  you and I take  a leisurely drive  to the
school.  It  is in a beautiful  secluded area north of  the city.
The 'school', consists of one large  building and several smaller
buildings nestled into  the woods.  We enter  the larger building
and it is not long before you have had the tour and met everyone.
There are no students  yet arrived so you and the  staff meet and
discuss the routine.   The 'instructors' are three  women and one
man.  They are all attractive and all about your age.  They  will
provide lessons in dressing, make-up, plenty of exercise and when
you say, specialized instruction of another kind.  The facilities
are extensive  and include swimming in the small lake, volleyball
and  horseback  riding.   By  lunchtime,  you  are feeling  quite
settled and  I return  to  the city  to work.   You  all enjoy  a
delicious  meal and then  you sit down  in your office  ready for
your first interview  with the first new student.   Your calendar
says that there is a  total of fifteen students expected for  the
summer who will be arriving over the next few days.  You will get
to interview each one.   The first is a young  girl name Melanie.
Melanie's file contains a picture  of the seventeen year old girl
showing her to be extremely pretty.   Her file says she is  being
brought by  her guardian who  wants her  to be more  obedient and
sexually aware by the end of the summer.  She is described as shy
and quiet although  the file states that she has already lost her
virginity to her first boyfriend who immediately dropped her.  No
pictures  have been  taken of  her in  the nude and  her guardian
requests for some  if possible.   You begin  to get excited  just
thinking about it.   Your hand slides down  into your panties and
you begin  caressing your clitoris.  You are  so into it that the
knock on the door has you jump.   Melanie's guardian is announced
and a  moment later he  enters your office.   He is a  tall, dark
haired  man  who is  very  self  assured.   You  are  immediately
attracted to him.  You both sit down and you ask him to  describe
what he would like done to Melanie.   "Well...", he says, "she is
a pretty  girl but she  is basically very shy.   She has  had one
relationship with  this jerk  who screwed her  and then  left her
hanging and she  has been quiet  ever since.   I can see  that it
would be  easy for  her to hide  inside of  herself and  to never
experience sex again.   I figure that  a summer here will  handle
that forever.   I told  very little  about what to  expect.   She
knows that she basically must obey everything that is told to her
or to  expect the  consequences.  I  have disciplined  her myself
with a bare-bottomed spanking from time to time and I've made her
stand in a corner showing her bottom for awhile but what I'd like
is to have her be more exhibitionistic and more aware of her body
by the end of the summer.  You smile as your pussy tingles at the
thought.  "Let's  have her come in  then.", you say.   Melanie is
led into  the office and  stands on the  carpet in front  of your
desk.  "Hello Melanie.", you say, "I  am in charge of this school
and  of your instruction  this summer.   Do you know  why you are
here?"   The girl blushes and hangs her  head.  You are unable to
hear  her  mumble.   "Speak  up  Melanie!",  you say  "Yes",  she
replies.  "Tell  me then.", you say   "I'm too shy about  my body
and about...sex.", she says.   "Very well", you tell her, "before
we can continue, you must be examined.  Please remove all of your
clothing."  Her head shoots up to look at you, not believing what
she   has  just   heard  and   a  deep   blush  hits   her  face.
"Immediately!", you say.   Her hands are trembling  as they reach
for the  buttons on  her blouse.   One  by one,  the buttons  are
undone and  the blouse is finally removed  to reveal a white lacy
bra holding well  developed breasts.   She fumbles several  times
before she is able to undo the zipper to her skirt but finally it
too falls  to  the floor.   Clad  now only  in  her flimsy  white
undergarments, she looks  pleadingly at you  hoping that she  can
stay as she  is.  "Please remove  ALL of your clothing.",  she is
told.  Her eyes close as  she reaches behind her to unfasten  her
bra.   She is  trembling and  it takes her  a couple of  tries to
finally undo the  hooks.  Her breasts  are beautiful.  She  has a
distinct tan  line showing the line of the one piece bathing suit
she  has worn  in  the past  and her  breasts  are sharply  white
against the light tan of her body.   They are full and round  and
frankly  don't need  the support  of  the brassiere.   The  pink,
virginal nipples are already hard and sticking out from her body.
'They have  never felt nipple  clips.', you think to  yourself as
you imagine  her tender nipples  pinched by the  metallic clamps.
She hesitates for a  moment with her  thumbs in the waistband  of
her panties and then, as though coming to a decision, she quickly
pulls them down her long, legs and off.   She stands up and hides
her curly  brown pussy  hair with  her  hands as  she faces  you.
"Thank you.", you  say, "Now please clasp your  hands behind your
head."   She  blushes again as  she obeys  your command.   She is
deliberately  avoiding looking  at  her  guardian  who  has  been
looking on with great interest.  You have her stand like that for
a moment  watching her  blush  travel down  to the  level of  her
breasts as  she waits, quivering,  for whatever comes next.   You
now turn  to her guardian, "We shall continue  from here and I am
sure you  will be  satisfied.", you tell  him.   "Yes", he  says,
"Thank you."   He kisses  the embarrassed girl  on the cheek  and
leaves.  You have  the girl put  her hands back  down.  You  open
your desk  drawer and take  out two wrist  restraints.  In  a few
short moments, Melanie has her  hands fastened behind her back so
that  she is  exposed and  helpless.   You  take a  small  jar of
ointment and you put a dab on each hard nipple.  She jumps at the
touch.   Within  a  minute, the  ointment has  begun  to get  her
nipples hot and  she is beginning  to squirm.  "During  your time
here", you say, "you will become  very aware of your body.   This
is your first lesson in that."  You watch her squirm for a moment
longer then you cross the room to sit in a straight backed chair.
"Come here.", you  say.  Melanie follows  and stands in front  of
you.    You can  see  that the  ointment  is causing  all  of her
attention to be focused on her nipples.  You pull her across your
knee and  give  her bottom  a  light  spanking.   When  her  pale
buttocks are a  light pink, you order  her to open her  legs wide
apart.  She  hesitates a moment and then obeys.  You apply a tiny
dab of the ointment to her exposed anus and hear her gasp at  the
sensation.  Another dab is  applied to her clitoris which  is now
soaking in her own  juices.  You stand her up  and have her stand
with  her  back against  the  wall.   She  is both  squirming and
moaning now as  the various sensations in  her body turn  her on.
You  take out  a camera and  begin to  take pictures.   She is so
aroused that  she obediently poses  in every wanton  position you
demand of  her.   Finally, she  begs you  to let  her come.   You
unfasten her hands and you give her a plastic dildo.  She doesn't
hesitate  but immediately slides  the thick artificial  cock into
her.  It takes only a  moment before the dildo is gliding  in and
out  of her pussy in long,  full, slippery strokes.  You continue
to take pictures of her face as it contorts in the ecstacy of her
first real orgasm.   You immediately re-attach her  wrists behind
her back  and remove  the  dildo.   She leans  against the  wall,
exhausted.  You  call for one of your assistants who comes in and
leads the naked girl out of your office and up to her room.   You
are so turned on  that you can't stand  it.  You take  the dildo,
still wet  and slippery  with Melanie's juices  and you  slide it
into your  own soaking  pussy.   A couple  of thrusts  and it  is
imbedded to its fullest.  You sit back down in your chair and you
fell  the dildo filling  you up.   Your  whole body  tightens and
shudders as you  surrender to your  first mind-blowing orgasm  of
the day.
The Diary
Story #12 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It is  now two weeks since you  took over as headmistress of
the special school for discipline and training north of the city.
You now have  fifteen students.  Twelve of them are girls and the
other  three  are   boys.    The  ages  range   from  sixteen  to
twenty-four.  The past two weeks have been a delightful discovery
of  dominating these sex  slaves.  Literally  all of  them are in
your command and each day has brought  you a new adventure as you
bring them deeper and deeper into the world of B&D sex.  You have
had more orgasms than you can count and your body seems to be  in
a perpetual state of excitement.  Today you are wandering through
the girl's rooms while they are  off horseback riding.  They will
be taking a  trek through the woods to a secluded lake where they
will spend the  rest of the afternoon  skinny dipping.   You have
the place to yourself.  As you  walk through Lillian's room, your
eye catches sight  of a book tucked under her pillow.  Lillian is
your  newest arrival.   She  is seventeen  years old  and  is the
horniest seventeen  year old you have ever met.   She is tall and
blond with  long, long legs.   Her figure  is almost boyish  with
small hips and small breasts topped  with very long nipples.  You
remember her  being particularly  turned on by  her ass  when you
'interviewed' her.  You pull out the book and discover it to be a
diary.  You  flip idly through the pages stopping  here and there
to read an  entry about the  growing pains of  a sexually  active
adolescent.  The  entries stretch back several years.   One entry
catches your eye.  It is much longer than the others  and goes on
for several pages.  The date on the entry shows it to be a couple
of years old when Lil was  just fifteen.  You sit on the  edge of
the bed and begin to read.
'Dear Diary,
     Yesterday I experienced something that is both troubling and
exciting.  First of all, I think I had my FIRST orgasm!  But, the
circumstances are  pretty strange.  Lucy  and I spent the  day at
her place.  Mom let me stay over there and I stayed overnight. We
spent the whole day  together.  We were doing all  kinds of stuff
like playing  records and trying  makeup.  Lucy is  definitely my
best friend.  Anyway, in the afternoon, we were hungry but Lucy's
mom doesn't let  her eat between  meals so we  snuck down to  the
kitchen to  eat.  We grabbed a bunch  of cookies and crackers and
cheese and ran  back up to  her bedroom where we  pigged out.   I
guess we ate too much, because a half-hour later we were stuffed.
We tried on makeup and we spent the  afternoon trying on clothes.
Lucy  sure is  pretty and she  has some  really neat clothes.   I
peeked at her when she was trying on this dress and her boobs are
really big.  They're much bigger than mine but I think my nipples
are nicer.   Anyway, before we knew it, Lucy's mom called us down
to supper.  We went down but we weren't hungry 'cause of all  the
junk we ate and we just picked at  our food.  Lucy's mom asked if
we were O.K.  and we said yes  but my stomach was  a little upset
from all the stuff we ate earlier.  Lucy's mom kept telling us to
eat our  food and Lucy finally said she  wasn't hungry.  "Did you
eat before supper?", she asked.   She sounded kind of mad.   "Yes
Mom", said Lucy  in a  small voice.   "What did  you eat.",  said
Lucy's  mom.   We told her  what we  ate and  then I said  that I
didn't feel too good because I  guess I ate too much.   Lucy said
the same.  "Come  with me.", said Lucy's mom and  we followed her
upstairs to  their bathroom.   Lucy looked  kind of scared  but I
didn't know what was going to happen.  The three of us went  into
the bathroom and  Lucy's mom took something out  of the cupboard.
It looked like a nozzle with a big red rubber bulb at the end and
I didn't know what it was  for.  "You girls have been  naughty.",
said Lucy's  mom, "First  we're going to  clean you out  and then
you'll both be punished."  I got a little scared then because she
looked real serious.  She filled a basin with warm water and then
she sat down  on a little  chair.  "You  first Lucy.", she  said,
"Off  with those clothes."   Lucy's was looking  at the floor but
she didn't hesitate.  I guess we would have gotten punished worse
if we had made  her say it twice.  Lucy took off EVERYTHING.  She
was completely naked.   I had never  seen her with no  clothes on
and she was really pretty.  Anyway, as soon as she was completely
naked, she went over  to her mom and stood in front  of her.  She
was so scared or embarrassed that she was trembling.  To tell the
truth, I was trembling myself.   I didn't know what would  happen
next.  Well, then Lucy bent over her mom's knee so she was facing
away from  me.   I looked  down and  Lucy spread  her leg's  wide
apart!  I couldn't believe  it.  I could see everything.  She had
a white  bottom and I could see that she had more pubic hair than
me.  Lucy's  mom took some vaseline  on her finger and  stuck her
finger way up into Lucy's bottom.  Lucy didn't say anything but I
bet she was embarrassed.  She went  to close her legs but her mom
told her  to keep them open.  Lucy's  mom kept sliding her finger
in and out until it was  slippery then she took the nozzle  thing
and put  it in the basin of  water.  I figured Lucy  would get an
enema and  I was  right.   Lucy's mom  slid the  nozzle into  her
bottom real slow and  I saw Lucy's toes  curl as it went all  the
way  in.  Then her  mom squeezed the red bulb  and the water went
into  her and  she let out  a little  moan.  Lucy's  mom took the
nozzle out and filled  it and emptied  it into Lucy's bottom  two
more times.  Then she  let Lucy go to the toilet.   When Lucy was
finished, her mom took her out of the room still completely naked
and then she came back in.   "You're next.", she said, "take  off
all of your clothes."  I was really nervous.  I never had to take
my clothes off  in front of a  stranger before and I  didn't know
what to  do.  I guess I was more scared of what would happen if I
didn't do what she  said so I started to  take off my blouse  and
then  my jeans.    When I  got  down to  my  bra  and panties,  I
hesitated again but then I just took them off real quick so I was
completely naked.  I  covered up my breasts and my  pussy with my
hands because I  was so embarrassed.  "Come over here.", she said
and I  walked over to in front of her.  "Put down your hands!"  I
turned beet red  as I lowered  my hands.   My nipples had  gotten
really hard and when they do that they stick right out and  I was
mortified that someone would see them.  I know that I have hardly
any pussy  hair like Lucy  and I was  humiliated that Lucy's  mom
could see  everything.  I stood there for  a minute with my hands
at  my  sides  while  she  was filling  the  red  enema  syringe.
Watching Lucy had  made me  excited and  my pussy was  hot and  I
think it was wet!   I was scared that Lucy's  mom would find out!
A moment later, I was draped over her lap just like a little girl
who  gets a spanking.   She told me to spread  my legs wide apart
and  I did.   Her  finger  was cold  with the  vaseline  when she
touched  my  bottom  but  it  didn't hurt  when  she  started  to
lubricate me.  She slid her finger in and out a few times until I
was slippery and then she pushed the enema syringe into me.  When
she squeezed the bulb, I felt the water filling me up.  It wasn't
uncomfortable like I  thought it would be.   I just felt  kind of
full.  She gave me three full bulbs just like Lucy before I could
go to the  toilet.  When it  was finished, my stomach felt  a lot
better but  I was scared  about the  punishment we were  going to
get.  Lucy's mom took  me by the hand and brought me  down to the
living  room still  completely naked!   Luckily  no one  else was
there  but  Lucy.   Lucy  was standing  facing  a corner  with no
clothes  on just like  me.  I  was brought to  another corner and
made to  stand facing it.  "Come here  Lucy.", I heard.  I peeked
over my shoulder and  saw Lucy bent  over her mother's lap  again
and a  moment later,  her mom gave  her a  bare-bottomed spanking
just like a  little girl.  I was  breathing hard.  I  knew that I
was going to get a spanking just  like that in a minute and I was
ashamed.  The spanking didn't last  long and when Lucy's mom told
me  to come  over, I  saw Lucy was  back in  her corner  with her
bottom red.  I bent over her knee real quick so she wouldn't look
at me like before and I felt one hand hold  me tight at the small
of my back as the other hand spanked my bare buttocks.  It didn't
last any longer than Lucy's but I was sure embarrassed.  I had to
go  back  into my  corner  with  my  stinging bottom  afterwards.
"You'll wait just like that  until your father comes home.", said
Lucy's mom.  "He'll finish  your punishment."  I couldn't believe
it!   My face  turned beet  red.   I bet  it was  redder than  my
bottom!  It was bad enough getting spanked but to have Lucy's dad
see me naked, was terrifying!  We didn't have long to wait before
we heard his car  pull into the driveway.  I  looked over at Lucy
and she was still facing her corner just like me.  Her bottom was
still pink from the spanking.  My bottom didn't hurt any more but
it  was still warm.  I  heard Lucy's mom meet  her husband at the
door  and explain  to him what  had happened.   He came  into the
living room a minute later.  "Well, it seems you've both been bad
girls.", he said.  I was trembling, I was so nervous.   "Upstairs
to Lucy's room,  you two."  We scampered upstairs to her room and
I waited with  my hands  covering myself  as best I  could.   Her
father was right  behind us.  He  looked right at me  first. "Put
your hands on your head.",  he said.  I  was mortified but I  did
what  he asked.  I didn't know why  but my pussy was as hot as my
bottom and it was  really wet.  I guess I got  turned on by being
punished like that.   He sat down in front of  me and pulled Lucy
over his lap.   They were  both looking at  me, especially at  my
naked pussy  without any hair and  my really long nipples.   Lucy
got another  spanking that was harder than  the first and then we
changed places.  Lucy had to stand  there with her hands over her
head and showing her naked body while I got my bottom  tanned.  I
suppose that Lucy's  folks figured that the  humiliation was part
of the punishment but it turned me on.  We were told to go to bed
early after  that and a little while later,  we were lying in bed
talking about it.   I was excited  but I was embarrassed  to tell
Lucy.  She talked about it first.  "Did  you get turned on?", she
said.  I looked  at her and nodded. "Me too."  I  had been so hot
all afternoon and I was still  excited now.  I put my hand  under
my nightgown and  started to rub myself.  "What  are you doing?",
she asked.   I blushed again  for about the  hundredth time  that
day.  She pulled down the covers to see what I was doing.  "Can I
touch you?", she said.   I didn't say anything but  she pulled my
hands  away and pulled  my nightgown up  to my neck.   She gently
pulled my knees wide  apart and then started to stroke  my pussy.
I closed my eyes and  just let her do whatever she wanted  to me.
I was feeling excited and my hips were starting to press  up when
I felt this  amazing sensation.  I  looked down and Lucy  had her
head between my legs and was sticking her tongue into me!  I just
laid back and  I a second later I felt like an explosion went off
inside of me.   I was jerking around on  the bed and panting  and
moaning as Lucy licked me.  When it was all  over, I reached over
and touched her.   Her pussy was a lot hairier  than mine and she
was really wet.  I stuck my finger into her pussy and she started
grinding her pussy into my hand.  I kept sticking one finger into
her and with the  other hand, I started rubbing where  her little
button was.  Soon she was moaning and panting and then she had an
orgasm too.  It was  the best.  We just lay there  after that and
went to sleep in each other's arms totally exhausted.'
     You close the diary and put  it back under the pillow.   You
are incredibly  turned on.   Your hand  has been playing  in your
panties  for the last couple of  minutes as you have been reading
this erotic tale.   You slide one  finger and then two  into your
soaking pussy.  Your  hand rubs faster and faster as  you plan to
re-enact Lillian and Lucy's ordeal later tonight.  'What will she
look like with an enema nozzle lodged in her pretty behind?', you
wonder as you bring yourself to a mind-shattering orgasm.

The Two Girls
Story #13 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It is a warm, sunny Tuesday and you have just woken up.  You
stretch languorously in  your satin sheets and run  your hands up
your body thinking how great it is to be alive.  Your hands touch
your thighs, your  pussy, and your tummy.   They pause briefly at
your nipples, tweaking  them and pulling them up  from your body.
They awaken at  the touch and you feel a familiar shiver run down
through your stomach to  your pussy.  You let out  a sensual moan
and think about what new adventure awaits you today.  You are the
headmistress of a very special  school for the training of sexual
slaves  and  submissives.   Each  day holds  some  new adventure.
Today is Tuesday, you think.  Oh, yes.  Today you  have scheduled
the initiation  of two young  girls into the delights  of lesbian
bondage  and  discipline.   Neither  of  them  is expecting  this
although  you have had  the pleasure of  seeing them individually
both naked  and helpless as  you subjected them to  restraint and
orgasm  after  orgasm   while  feeling   either  humiliation   or
helplessness.   They have never  had the opportunity of  tying up
another  person and bringing  them to orgasm  despite themselves.
Today,  they will  find out.    The thought  galvanizes you  into
action.   You get  out of bed  and in very  short order  you have
showered and dressed  and are on your way down for breakfast.  In
the dining room,  one of the students has the duty  of the day to
serve you breakfast.   Her name is  Talia and she is  a beautiful
sixteen year old.  She was delivered to you three days ago by her
mother who has  left instructions that  she is to  be trained  in
exhibiting herself  until she is  comfortable with her body.   As
she  approaches  you  with your  morning  coffee  you  say, "Good
Morning, Talia."  "Good Morning Miss.", she says.  She is wearing
a pretty summer dress that comes down to just above her knees and
is backless. "Please raise your dress Talia", you ask, "so that I
can  be sure  that you  are  wearing no  underpanties."   Talia's
pretty teenage face  turns a brilliant shade of red  as she hears
this  request.     She  is  obviously  embarrassed   however  she
hesitantly reaches  down and grasps the  hem of her  dress.  With
her hands slightly  trembling, she slowly raises it  to the level
of her waist while  you watch.  Her  pussy is clean shaven as  it
has been since the day of her  arrival.  It's puffy lips protrude
slightly  as though  she is  excited.   "Did you  masturbate last
night?", you  ask.   Her blush is  renewed and  travels a  little
further down  her chest.   She  nods her  head at your  question.
"Very good.", you say, "Tonight you'll get to do it again  with a
number of  the girls watching."   Her head  shoots up in  horror.
She cannot imagine  a situation more terrifying.   You just smile
at her reaction and ask for the  rest of your breakfast.  A half-
hour  later you  are sitting  at your  desk  in your  large, well
furnished office.   The two  girls you are expecting  will arrive
any minute and you take a moment to review their files.  Sarah is
an eighteen  year old  sex-kitten.  She  has long blond  hair and
took  to  the routine  in  the school  right  away.   She  has an
athlete's body.   Her breasts are small  and firm and  are topped
with tiny pink nipples that are very sensitive.  Her shaved pussy
show a short  slit with long pink  lips.  Her buttocks  are tight
and her  legs long.   She is  5'11" tall.   She is  not, however,
particularly embarrassed  about her body  but she is shy  when it
comes to  taking control.   Karen,  on  the other  hand is  quite
different.  She  is more likely to  want to be in control  of her
situation.   You remember how  scared she was  when you  tied her
spreadeagled and used a vibrator  on the tips of her  breasts and
the  tip of her  clitoris.  She  is a brunette  with an hourglass
figure.  Her  breasts are large and her nipples long.  Her pussy,
when shaved, reveals  long, long, inner pussy lips and her ass is
the  most sensitive of  any of your  pupils.  You  decide to have
Sarah in first.   You  call for  her and  a moment  later she  is
standing  in  front of  you,  nervously wondering  what  might be
expected  of her  today.   You discuss  the upcoming  events with
complete  candor.   "Today Sarah",  you  say, "you  will get  the
opportunity to dominate another pupil here.   You will not be the
subject  of this domination  or discipline but  will, instead, be
the originator of  it.  In a couple of minutes, I will have Karen
come in here.   Karen will  be instructed to  follow all of  your
commands.  Your  job will be  to eventually bring  her to  orgasm
while she is bound and helpless before you.  You will have plenty
of  opportunity to  make long buildup  for her  so that  when she
comes  it will  be the  most incredible  experience of  her life.
Does  this excite you?"   It is obvious that  it does.  Since you
have begun speaking, Sarah has  started to breath heavily and her
face is flushed.   She nods her head as she says, "Yes, but I'm a
little nervous.   I've never made love to  another woman before."
"You will learn.", you say.  You  go over the various things that
Sarah will  subject Karen to and then you  both sit down to await
her.  Karen arrives a couple of minutes later.  She is wearing  a
summer skirt and blouse combination.  She stands before your desk
as you tell  her what is expected  of her.  "You  will follow the
instructions of  Sarah today.", you say, "If  you do not obey her
completely, I will  make sure  that you  are punished  severely."
Karen blushes as she looks at both Sarah and yourself.  It is one
thing to  be  dominated by  you but  to be  exposed  in front  of
another student is humiliating.  Sarah stands up immediately  and
looks right at Karen.  "Take off all of your clothes right now!",
she  says.  Karen hesitates and then begins.  Her shaking fingers
fumble at  the buttons  on her  blouse as  we both  look on  with
interest.   As the blouse drops  to the floor, Sarah stops Karen.
"Wait.", she  says, "Your nipples are not hard enough.  Play with
your nipples  until they  are as  long as  they can  be."   Karen
cannot  believe  it.    Her  hands  are  visibly  trembling  with
excitement and  fear as  she begins  tentatively pulling  her own
nipples.  They respond instantly to the stimulation and begins to
get dark and hard as  they stick out almost a full  inch from her
body.  "Very  well.", says  Sarah, "You  may continue.   Did  you
enjoy  pulling  your  own   nipples?"    Karen  hangs   her  head
embarrassed  to admit it.  "Yes.", she  says in almost a whisper.
"Remove the rest of your clothes.", instructs Sarah.  It does not
take  long before  Karen is standing  before us  completely nude.
Sarah picks up a riding crop  and begins walking around the naked
girl.  Karen  goes to cover herself with her hands but Sarah does
not allow  it.  "Clasp your  hands behind your  head.", she says.
Karen does so  reluctantly.  Sarah starts toying  with Karen now.
She reverses her hold on the crop and starts touching  Karen with
it.  Karen starts as the cold silver knob of the handle finds its
way between her shaved pussy lips.  She is mortified to find that
she  is becoming wet  at the treatment.   Her condition  does not
improve.  Now Sarah  touches her long nipples  with the crop  and
the feeling of the leather stroking the extra-long nipples causes
a shudder to  run through Karen.  Sarah takes the crop and slides
it  between Karen's   legs from  behind.  Using  it as a  kind of
guide,  she moves Karen  over to the  side of the  room where she
ties her facing  the wall so that her arms and legs are stretched
wide apart and  the only part of  her body touching the  wall are
her nipples.   "Do you know what  will happen to you  now?", asks
Sarah.   Karen  shakes her  head  but she  eyes  the riding  crop
nervously.   She  is in the  perfect position  to receive  a good
spanking.  Instead, Sarah now ties a blindfold over Karen's eyes.
Reversing  her hold  on the  riding crop  once again,  she starts
sliding it back and forth over Karen's soaking pussy lips.  Karen
cannot stifle the moan  of pleasure that escapes her lips.  Sarah
now guides  the silver knobbed  crop so that it  penetrates Karen
deeply.   Karen lets out a gasp as the long crop acts as a dildo.
As  soon as Karen  has begun moving  her hips in  rhythm with the
crop, Sarah stops and, leaving  the crop embedded deep in Karen's
shaved pussy,  moves back to my desk to get a bottle of oil and a
small vibrating dildo.  You have become so excited watching these
two that you are now stroking your own shaved pussy with one hand
while the other hand pulls hard at your sensitive nipples.  Sarah
slowly starts oiling Karen's sensitive asshole.  Karen is moaning
helplessly at this point as  Sarah's oily fingers, first one then
two slide  into Karen's  tight rosebud.   Every  once in a  while
Sarah  reaches forward and  slide the riding  crop in  and out of
Karen's   soaking  pussy.    When  Karen's  ass  is  sufficiently
lubricated, Sarah slides the vibrating dildo into it and turns it
on.   It is like an bolt of electricity.   Karen cries out at the
exquisite sensation  and begins thrusting her hips back and forth
as Sarah  works both the riding  crop and the vibrating  dildo in
and out of her.  Just as Karen  is about to come, Sarah stops the
action.  The  dildo and the riding  crop are quickly  removed and
Sarah doesn't  touch the writhing girl for  a moment.  Karen begs
Sarah to let her come but Sarah doesn't touch her except to retie
her to  a table on her back.   Karen's leg are now  tied with the
knees held wide apart and her hands are tied above her head.  Her
now soaking pussy  is on display and  from your desk you  can see
the  puffy  pink lips  sticking  out,  crying  for relief.    The
vaseline glistens between her bottom cheeks from the workout that
Sarah  gave her  there.   Sarah now  takes two  nipple clips  and
attaches them to Karen's long brown nipples.  Karen  gasps at the
sensation and her  hips start to move  again.  String is  tied to
the clips  so that they are continually   pulled up and away from
her body.   Sarah takes another set of clips and attaches them to
Karen's sensitive  inner pussy lips.   These she fastens  so that
the lips are not only pinches but are pulled wide apart to expose
the over-stimulated pink interior.  Karen is now totally helpless
and Sarah steps back  to observe her handiwork.  She reaches over
and takes  a jar of honey  from the counter.  Using  a spoon, she
drips  just a little of the warmed honey directly on Karen's hard
clitoris.  Karen cries out but the best is  yet to come.  Bending
down now, Sarah reaches out with the tip of her tongue and begins
slowly  licking  the  honey away.    Karen's  hips  are straining
upwards begging for more.  When that  honey is gone, Sarah puts a
drop on  one of Karen's stretched out  pussy lips and licks that.
For the next several minutes, Sarah drives Karen into a frenzy by
dropping a  tiny bit  of  warm honey  onto a  sensitive area  and
following it  with the dart of her hot  tongue.  Her nipples feel
the sensation then her lips.   Your own pussy jumps at the  sight
of both  of their tongues  mingling together trying to  catch all
the honey.  A small dab is licked from her belly button  and then
her tummy Finally,  Sarah draws a tiny line of honey from her ass
all the way to her clitoris and  begins a series of long licks to
catch it.   Her extended tongue drags from  the small of her back
through  the  crack  of  her  pretty  white  buttocks across  her
entrapped  pussy lips  and onto  her clit.   Karen  begins coming
almost  immediately and  cries out  in long  gasping sobs  at the
sensation.   Sarah continues to lick until  the honey is gone and
Karen  is  exhausted.   Finally  it  is over.    Karen lies  back
completely satiated.   Sarah, however is now more  turned on than
ever and now gets  up on the  table and straddles Karen's  chest.
She reaches down to  spread her own soaking pussy lips and pushes
her pussy directly down to Karen's mouth.  Karen doesn't hesitate
for  a moment.   Her hot  pink little  tongue reaches up  to give
Sarah the relief  she craves.   The  sight is too  much for  you.
Your hand  rubs your  own hard, hot  clitoris faster  and faster.
You and Sarah  come at almost the same time. Your cries mingle as
your bodies shudder  with the explosions that wrack  them.  After
Karen has been released and the girls are once again dressed, you
tell them that they will report  back to you tomorrow morning  to
reverse roles.  You  can see Karen start to think  about what she
will  do to Sarah  in the morning  as Sarah squirms  in her chair
thinking about what  will be done to her.  They leave your office
hand in hand, leaving you to think about what adventure is next.

The Teacher
Story #14 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

     It is  late afternoon and  you are just about  complete with
your day  at the  school.   You are  the headmistress  of a  very
special school for young people  who are being initiated into the
joys of  B&D sex.  It is probably the most enjoyable job you have
ever had.  The last order of business for the day is dealing with
one of your instructors.  Margie  is a petite, shy woman who  has
been one of the  special 'Trainers' that have worked  for you for
the past couple  of weeks.  You have noticed that the way she has
been  interacting  with  the  students  has  been  detached.   In
particular, she  has not  been forward with  either the  girls or
boys about sex and has carried  out her duties like an automaton.
It is time, you think, to change all that.  One of your duties as
headmistress is to make sure that even the instructors are turned
on all  the time.   You certainly  are.   You have  been thinking
about what to do with her all day and the thought of it has  your
pussy  slippery with your own juices.   You call Margie into your
office.  She walks in and stands in front of your desk.  You look
her up and down.  She is wearing what has become almost a uniform
for your female personnel, a  light, white skirt, a short sleeved
silk blouse and white  pumps.  Her face is flushed  and she is so
nervous that she  is trembling.  She has been told that she is to
be disciplined today and you are  sure that she is wondering what
form that discipline will take.  You let her wait a little longer
before you speak.   "Hello Margie", you say, "Do you know why you
are here?".   Margie's keeps her  head down as her  voice becomes
like a ten year old girl, "Yes.   I'm here because I've been bad.
I haven't  been sexy enough."   "That's right Margie.",  you say,
"And do you know what we are going to do  to you?"  Margie shakes
her head  slowly.  "We are going to make  sure that you like your
body.",  you say, "When  was the  last time  you had  an orgasm?"
Margie looks up at you hesitantly.   Her face is a deep red.  She
is evidently embarrassed at the question.   You are now sure that
she is simply embarrassed about sex.  "About ten  days ago.", she
says.  You  smile at  her.   "Please remove all  of your  clothes
immediately.", you tell her.   Her face becomes even more flushed
and you  can see  her  hands shaking  as she  begins undoing  the
buttons  to  her  blouse.    It is  soon  removed  to  reveal two
beautiful breasts.  Margie is a petite  woman and her breasts are
not large but they are very  firm and are topped with wide,  pink
nipples.   'Someone is  going to enjoy  licking and  biting those
nipples  today', you think.   Her skirt follows  and you see that
despite your standing instructions, her  pussy is not shaved.  It
is, instead covered a blond furry patch  of hair.  A moment later
she is standing again, now  completely naked.  "Please place your
hands above your head.", you say.   Margie does so.  Her  breasts
are now stretched against her body  and her nipples have begun to
get hard,  sticking out  from her firm  mounds.   You get  up and
begin walking around her.   Her ass is perfect.   It is round and
firm and you run your hand across it carressingly.   Margie gasps
at this first touch.  As you walk in front of her, still standing
with her hands clasped on top of her head, your hand moves to her
breasts.  You gently stroke  the left one, your fingertips barely
touch the now turgid  nipple which sticks out from her body about
a half-inch.  It rises a little further into your hand and Margie
closes  her eyes  as she  enjoys the sensations.   You  grasp the
right nipple  gently between your  fingers.  As you  look closely
into her  face, you slowly  begin squeezing it harder  and harder
looking to  see her  expression.  Her  breathing gets  harder and
harder until she is  gasping.  You let go of  her nipple and look
to see  it dark pink  and hard like  a little penis  sticking out
from her  right breast.   "How do  you like your  nipples pinched
Margie?",  you  ask  her,  "Do  you like  it  gentle  or  hard?".
Margie's voice is almost a whisper  as you hear her say, "I  like
it very hard."   You smile.  You  sit back down at your  desk and
ring for  Andrew.   Andrew walks in  immediately.   He is  a huge
black man  standing easily  6'2".   He  looks like  he should  be
playing football but he is, in fact, one of the best masseurs you
have ever met.  Margie is mortified by his presence.  She goes to
cover herself up with her hands.  "Put your hands back up on your
head young lady!",   you say.  Reluctantly, she does  so.  Andrew
smiles  as his eyes seem to  eat the young blond  up.  "Andrew, I
say, "please take care of Margie.   Her pussy is to be shaved and
I want you  to give her a  thorough massage."  "Yes  Miss.", says
Andrew.  Margie is led over to the massage table in the corner of
the room and lies down on her back.  Andrew fastens leather cuffs
to her wrists  and ankles and  quickly and efficiently  restrains
her to  the table so that her hands are  stretched to the top and
her legs  are  wide apart.    "She is  already wet  Miss.",  says
Andrew.   You look down  and see that it  is true.   Margie's own
juices have  soaked her long  pink pussy  lips and the  hair that
covers them.  Margie is humiliated beyond belief.   She turns her
head to the side in shame.  'Your treatment seems to be working',
you think  to yourself.   Andrew quickly  cuts most of  her pubic
hair away with  a pair of scissors  and then gently lays  a towel
soaked in hot water on her pussy.  Margie gasps as the heat soaks
into the already warm area.  When that towel becomes cool, Andrew
replaces it with  another.  Within a couple  of minutes, Margie's
hips are  squirming slightly  on the table.   Andrew  removes the
towel and begins shaving her  pussy with a razor.  Margie  cannot
help squirming as his large black hands manipulate  the sensitive
area.  She gasps quietly as he pulls first one then the other lip
tight to allow  him to shave everywhere.   Soon it is  done.  Her
prominent mound  is beautiful.   It frames  her long,  pink inner
lips perfectly.  They are now hot and dark from the manipulations
they  have  received.    Andrew  releases  her  legs  from  their
restraints and turns her over on  the table.  His fills his  huge
hands with oil and begins rubbing her back in long  full strokes.
His hands move down from her neck and  up from her feet until she
is covered in warm oil.  Margie has been moaning contentedly with
the  sensation  of this  massage and  is now  thoroughly relaxed.
Andrew  slowly and sensuously  rubs oil into  her white buttocks,
clearly defined by her bikini  tan line.  His hands delve  deeper
into the cleavage between her  cheeks and his strong fingers soon
find her  puckered hole.   She gasps  and her  head raises  up as
Andrew penetrates her bottom with one long oiled finger.  The hot
oil has  its effect, however, and  soon his finger  is sliding in
and out of her ass in long,  full strokes.  She doesn't resist as
his hands gently spread her legs.  Standing behind her as you are
you can  see her  pussy perfectly framed  from behind.   Andrew's
hands move lower and soon he is oiling her large pussy  lips from
behind.  Andrew rolls her  over and begins massaging her breasts.
Margie is openly  moaning now.   You  can see that  her eyes  are
closed  and her body  continues to  wriggle on  the table  as she
feels  herself being touched by this large, virile man.  He pulls
her  sensitive  nipples over  and  over again  with  his slippery
fingers and she arches  her back to get them closer  to him.  His
hands move over her belly and down to where she now wants them to
be.  "Please let  me come.", she says.   Andrew looks at you  and
you shake your head.   He now starts a kind of teasing.   He rubs
her pussy lips  and occasionally slides a  slippery finger across
her clitoris.  It  feels to Margie like her clitoris  is on fire.
She pulls  at the  straps around her  wrists trying to  get free.
Her clitoris is now covered in a mixture of her own juices an oil
and  whenever Andrew  touches it,  it  is like  rolling a  marble
around in a pool of oil.  Margie's hips buck upwards in an effort
to get the relief she craves but whenever  she gets close, Andrew
stops.  The action  is almost too much for you.   Your hands have
been playing with your own  pussy and nipples since the beginning
and you have had about 3 orgasms so  far.  You hand Andrew a thin
vibrator and he gently inserts it into Margie's bottom.  She lets
out a little cry  and begs you to turn it on.   You take your own
vibrator  and begin  sliding it in  and out  of your  own soaking
pussy.  Andrew  now removes his  own clothes and  gets up on  the
table.  His cock  is huge but in the state Margie  is in, you are
sure it is just what she wants.   His cock pauses at the entrance
of her white  shaved pussy,  just touching the  lips.  Margie  is
pleading with him to push it in.  He slides the large knob of the
head into her, parting her long,  pink lips to the side with  it.
Margie gasps  at the feeling and  closes her eyes.   Andrew looks
over  at you  for the  final ok  to give  her the  relief she  is
begging for.   You reach down under them and turn on the vibrator
now lodged firmly in her bottom and tell Andrew to go ahead.   He
starts pumping into her for all she's worth and Margie screams in
pleasure.  She begins coming almost immediately in an orgasm that
will last for  a couple of  minutes.  The  contrast of his  ebony
black cock sliding  into her pristine white pussy is too much for
you.  You  pump your own vibrator into your pussy for your fourth
mind-blowing orgasm of the day.  Andrew comes a moment later  and
soon you have all calmed down and are sitting on the floor of the
office having a drink.  You  are all exhausted.  Margie is  still
covered in oil and is leaning against  the wall.  She looks right
at you,  no longer concerned  about her nakedness,  "Thank you.",
she says, "I had no idea that it could be this good.  I think I'm
going  to like the  rest of my stay  here and I  want you to know
that you  can 'discipline' me  anytime."   You all laugh  as your
mind turns to what adventures tomorrow might bring.
The Young Boy in Trouble
Story #15 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     "Robert, come  in!", you  say in  a load, commanding  voice.
The door to your office opens and Robert appears.  Robert  is one
of the students in the very special  training school that you are
in charge of.  He  is a slender lad, about 5'11" tall  with short
brown  hair and crystal clear blue eyes.   He seventeen years old
and very  attractive.  His  training has progressed very  well so
far.  He has become willing to follow all of your instructions no
matter how embarrassing they are to him personally.  He has, over
the  last couple  of weeks,  learned about  his body  while being
restrained in a variety of  places and positions.  You  have been
able  to play  him  like a  finely tuned  instrument.   You  have
discovered together  where he is  sensitive and where he  is not.
You have  seen him squirm  with pleasure as his  sensitive bottom
was penetrated oh,  so slowly by your  finger.  You have  watched
his cock  spring to  attention as  you announced  a bare-bottomed
spanking as punishment.  You have heard  him cry out as his sperm
shot high onto the air during a particularly intense orgasm.  Now
he  stands  quietly  in front  of  your  desk.   He  is  shifting
nervously from  foot to foot.   His mind is  racing, anticipating
with both  fear and excitement  what erotic pleasures he  will be
forced to experience today.  You have decided that it is time for
Robert to have a breakthrough in his  training.  For the last two
weeks, Robert has been dominated only by you.  He has  learned to
be  obedient to  you and  is obviously  willing to  experience an
orgasm at your  hand in whatever  fashion you decide today.   But
today, you will not be the only person dominating him.  You smile
as you think  of the plans you  have in store for  the afternoon.
"Robert", you say, "Please remove all of your clothes."  Robert's
face turns a beet  red as he hears this request.  He has not been
able to get used to being ordered to expose himself in front of a
woman.  He hesitates for a moment before his hands move slowly to
the buttons  of his shirt.  First, his  shirt, then his socks and
pants are  removed leaving him  in only his underwear.   You wait
patiently as  his hands pause with his thumbs in the waistband of
the briefs.  Finally, he pulls them down in one quick  motion and
steps out of  them.  He stands before you with his hands covering
his cock and balls.  "Place your hands behind your back please.",
you  say  quietly.     He  blushes  again  as   he  follows  your
instructions.  His  prick has begun to get hard and you pause for
a  moment,   looking  at  his  heavy  balls   hanging  under  his
circumcised organ.   You  take the wrist  restraints out  of your
desk  drawer and  stand up.   You fasten  his wrists  together in
front  of him  and then  you fasten  a blindfold  over his  eyes.
Unable to see, his breathing now becomes a little heavier and his
cock hardens quickly.  You lead  him across the room and out  the
side door which leads to a now empty corridor.  His breathing has
become even heavier  as he now  knows he is outside  your office,
completely naked!  You walk him  down to the end of the  corridor
and into a room  you have prepared.  As you walk  in, you see the
two female  students you were  expecting; Janice and Terri.   You
put a finger over your  lips to make sure they stay silent as you
bring Robert to a padded massage table in the middle of the room.
You position  him on the table, on his  back and begin slowly and
efficiently tying him up.  His hands are stretched above his head
and tied to the top of the table.  His legs are lifted wide apart
and attached to ropes designed specifically for this purpose.  By
the time you are finished,  he is completely helpless and totally
exposed.  You step  back to observe your handiwork.   His cock is
now  rock hard and  his balls look  large and heavy  as they hang
below it.  Looking a little lower, you see that you have left his
sensitive anus completely exposed.  His mouth is now parted as he
pants,  waiting with the delicious anticipation of a sexual slave
who does not know  what to expect next.  You turn  now to the two
girls  you are training to dominate men.   They are both eighteen
years old and are very pretty.  Janice is a true blond and stands
just under  six feet tall.   She carries  herself like a  fashion
model and always  looks comfortable in her body.   She is dressed
in a  leather corset that  leaves her buttocks and  pussy exposed
and pushes her breasts together  and up on display.   The nipples
are not covered and you can see that they are already hard.   She
has not taken her eyes off Robert's hard prick since he walked in
and  she is  licking her  lips sensuously.   Terri, on  the other
hand, is more petite in her appearance.  She is a brunette with a
tight  trim  body  that  is  now almost  completely  naked.    As
instructed,  she is  wearing a  garter  belt, stockings,  leather
cuffs and a  leather collar.  She  looks like the tougher  of the
two.   Her tiny nipples are also sticking up  and you can see the
juices from her shaved pussy glistening on the folds of her slit.
You sit down to watch the action  and the girls go right to work.
Janice starts  by putting a  tiny dab  of hot lotion  on Robert's
nipples.     He  begins  squirming  right   away  as  this  extra
stimulation of his nipples seems  to travel directly to his cock.
Moving a little lower, Janice rubs a small dab on the bottom side
of the head of  his dick and it bobs up and down in appreciation.
Robert moans  at the  touch to his  sensitive organ.   The lotion
begins its effect right away and in a moment, he is  pleading for
relief from  the warm,  teasing feeling the  lotion is  having on
him.  Janice  starts to  move away but  Terri takes the  ointment
from  her and puts  a small bit  directly onto  his exposed anus.
His hips jump from  the table against his restraints  as she rubs
the sensitive area  slowly.  Now Terri, takes a  long feather and
touches the tip of it against the  back of his left knee.  Moving
very slowly,  she runs  the tip  of the feather  along his  inner
thigh towards his  genitals.  As the feather begins  to travel up
the sensitive skin  just to the  side of his cock,  Robert begins
straining towards it,  pleading for her to touch his cock.  Terri
allows him  no relief.  Instead, she  now runs the feather across
his now hot nipples.  Janice has taken  an ice cube and starts to
drip the ice-cold water from it onto Robert's nipples while Terri
plays.   Robert gasps.   It is  immediately apparent to  him that
there  is more that one woman here  and he is completely helpless
to do anything  about it.  You stand up and remove his blindfold.
His eyes turn  wide as saucers as  he sees the two  teenage girls
teasing his  defenseless body.   His blush travels down  his face
and  onto his chest in his  embarrassment.  Terri is now standing
between his  legs and tickling his sensitive anus with the tip of
the  feather.   The  sensation is  almost too  much  and you  see
Robert's prick begin  to twitch in  the sure signs of  an orgasm.
The girls stop instantly and wait until it has passed.  Robert is
beside  himself.  He is now begging the  girls to let him come as
they alternately drip ice onto the head of his cock and tickle it
with the feather.  The girls untie him from the table and tie his
hands behind  his back.   They have  him kneel  down in  front of
Terri.   While  Janice holds  him  from behind,  Terri holds  the
sensitive lips of her  pussy wide apart.  He can  clearly see the
pink inner lips of her pussy and the hot juices running  down her
thigh.   Robert sticks his  tongue out as  far as it  will go and
Terri moves  forward enough that just  the tip of his  tongue can
touch her.  He feverishly runs the tip of his  tongue up and down
Terri's sensitive pink  lips.  She doesn't allow him to get close
and he  moans in  frustration.   She  adjusts herself  so he  can
barely touch  the tip  of her  clitoris and  he  now directs  his
attention there.  When she can stand it no more, she moves closer
and instructs  him to run his tongue deep into her pussy.  She is
now  moaning and holding his head firmly  in place. She pulls his
mouth  up to cover  her clitoris and he  obediently sucks it into
his mouth.  His hot tongue slides  under the hood of her clit and
his lips  pull the hard nubbin between them.   He runs his tongue
rapidly back  and forth across  her sensitive clitoris  until she
cries out  with pleasure.  Her whole body tightens and she throws
her head  back.  You watch excitedly as  her knees begin to shake
and then she  screams as the  orgasm runs through her.   Robert's
face is covered  in her juices as  Janice informs him that  he is
about to  get a  bare-bottomed spanking.   Robert blushes  in his
embarrassment.  It is one thing to get a spanking from you who is
older than him, but to  suffer the kind of humiliating punishment
that  a  little  boy  would  get  from  someone his  own  age  is
unbearable.  Nevertheless, he obediently bends over Janice's knee
to receive his  chastisement.  She holds him firmly  in place and
instructs him to spread his legs wide apart.  He reluctantly does
so.   She starts  by  rubbing his  tight  buttocks all  over  and
occasionally sliding her  hands between his  legs to squeeze  his
balls or cock.   Then she  slowly spanks his buttocks  until they
are a  rosy red.  He is  squirming by the end of  it.  She pauses
for a moment  and then you  see her slide  a finger into her  own
soaking pussy.  She takes it out and slowly but firmly slides its
full  length into  his sensitive  bottom.   Robert  gasps at  the
sensation.   She slides it in  and out until he is  just about to
come  from it and then stops.   Robert moans out loud, frustrated
once again.  She  has him get  on his knees in  front of her  and
then pulls his face  right into her pussy.  Robert  licks for all
he is worth and it only takes a moment before Janice  now screams
in ecstacy.  The girls now  take Robert and re-attach him to  the
table.  His blindfold is replaced and we see that his red cock is
quivering as  he pleads for release.  Terri  opens a jar of honey
and takes a large  dab on one finger  as Janice pops a couple  of
ice cubes into her mouth.   Terri touches his sensitive anus  and
very slowly slides  her honey coated  finger into  his ass.   You
know from experience that the sensation is like having your whole
body melt at once.   Robert's body strains  upwards and his  hard
cock  slides right into  the waiting mouth of  Janice who has the
ice in her  mouth.  The combination of  hot and cold on  his cock
along  with the  exquisite sensations  going  on in  his ass  has
Robert pulling  with all his  might at the ropes  which hold him.
He cries  out, screaming with pleasure as he empties his balls in
a mind-shattering orgasm.  It takes a few minutes before they all
calm  down.  The  girls leave and  you untie Robert  and lead him
back to your office.  His  knees are weak, he is totally  drained
and you walk slowly.  Watching these three over the last hour has
turned you on  like never before.   If you don't come  right now,
you feel  like you  will explode.   You  close the  door to  your
office and sit down on the nearest chair.  You pull your skirt to
your waist.  As usual, you are not wearing any panties.  "Lick me
Robert.",  you gasp.   You hook  your legs  over the arms  of the
chair to expose  yourself completely.  Robert falls  right to his
knees and  you feel his hot tongue run  deep inside you and along
your  long pussy  lips.   When  he sucks  your clitoris  into his
mouth, your passion  boils over and your orgasm  shakes your body
as you cry out for more.  It  is one of the best working days you
have ever had!

The Restaurant
Story #16 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     "We're going out  for lunch.", I say one Saturday afternoon.
We jump in the car and drive to one of our  favorite restaurants.
You are wearing a light pink blouse which buttons down the front.
You are also wearing a white skirt  that is very light and summer
weight.  Under this is your sexiest bra and panty set in  a white
lace.  We  pick a secluded corner of the restaurant and order our
drinks.  Our waiter is Jacques, a very attractive French Canadian
in his early  thirties.  We are sitting very  quietly and looking
at our menus when, all  of a sudden, I put my menu  down and look
right  at you.  You look  back at me expectantly.   "Give me your
panties.", you hear me say in a clear unmistakable tone.  You are
shocked!  The  menu starts to shake in your hands.  "Here?!", you
whisper in a near panic.  The  restaurant is very crowded and you
have never had to do something like this before.  You look around
anxiously and then back at me, hoping that I've changed my  mind.
I simply smile at you.   With a last look around, you reach under
your skirt and  surreptitiously pull the lacy  white panties down
your legs  and off your  ankles.  You  quickly bunch them  into a
tiny ball and pass  them to me under the table.  I smile again as
I raise them to my face to  smell them.  "Please put them down!",
you whisper,  worried that  someone will see.   "You're  wet.", I
say, "I  can smell  it.   Are you wet?".   "Yes.",  you say  in a
little girl voice.  I take the pretty panties and lay  them right
on the  table in front of me.  You cannot believe it.  Someone is
sure  to  notice them  and  you would  be  so  embarrassed.   You
realize, however, that  you are indeed quite wet  and aroused and
getting wetter by the minute.   "Raise your skirt so you can  sit
directly  on  the chair.",  I  say    This is  not  difficult  to
accomplish as your  skirt is still able to  cover you adequately.
The leather of the seat feels strange against your naked buttocks
and wet pussy.  A moment later  your waiter returns.  You panties
are still on the  table in plain view.  He can't  miss them!  You
look up  and  see him  openly grinning  right at  you.   You  are
mortified.  You turn your  head away, blushing like crazy.   We'd
like a couple more minutes to decide.", I tell the waiter  and he
blissfully leaves.   I reach into my  jacket and pull out several
photographs.  "Do  you remember these?", I  ask as I lay  them on
the table.  You recognize them instantly.  They were taken  by me
several days  ago while  you were  in bondage.   It  was a  great
session  and you see the perfectly clear  images of you tied with
your hands  and legs held wide  apart.  You can see  the clips on
both  your nipples and sensitive inner pussy lips.  Your pussy is
held wide apart  by the clips  and you can  plainly see the  pink
interior  completely  exposed.    Your pink  anus  shines  in one
photograph from the lubrication it has just enjoyed.  In the next
photograph, the fleshy color of a  small butt plug peeks out from
your tiny hole.  "Do you think the waiter will like them?", I ask
mischievously.  "Oh, please don't!", you beg.  You see the waiter
from  the corner  of your  eye, heading  back in  your direction.
"Please  don't show them.",  you plead.   "Shhhhh...",  I whisper
reassuringly.  The  waiter arrives back at  the table.  You  hang
your  head  feeling  humiliated at  being  exposed  in this  way.
"Jacques", I say,  "we won't  need these at  the table any  more.
Could you take care of them for me?"  "Of course Monsieur.", says
Jacques.  You are so embarrassed that you barely hear me ordering
our food.   When  next I look  up, the  panties and  pictures are
gone.   "You  didn't  give him  the  pictures did  you?!", I  ask
disbelievingly.   My reply is a  simple nod and a  smile.  Oh no!
you think to yourself.  What will  he be thinking about you.  You
notice  that your  pussy  has  caused  you to  be  sitting  in  a
veritable pool of your own juices.  Obviously this has turned you
on.  On  the table now are a  pair of nipple clips.   You eyes go
wide at the  sight.  "What  are you planning to  do to me!",  you
ask,  "This is a crowded restaurant!"  You know even as you speak
these words that your protests  will carry little weight.  It  is
as it has always been with us.  You will do whatever you are told
not matter how  outrageous.  The thought scares you  a little but
the fear adds a delicious anticipation to you.   Perhaps you will
be  asked to  strip  naked  right  here  in  the  middle  of  the
restaurant.  Perhaps you will be given like a plaything to one of
the patrons  or  to  the  staff in  the  back.   It  is  at  once
terrifying and exciting.  Jacques is now hovering near our table,
almost too eager to please.  "Jacques",  I ask, "do you think she
can enjoy her meal while these are attached to her nipples?"  You
gasp at the  question.  You can't  believe that I am  having this
conversation as though discussing the weather while you are right
in front of me.  "Oh oui, Monsieur.", says Jacques smiling at me.
"Very well",  I  say, "Dear,  please go  to the  ladies room  and
remove  that brassiere  and replace  it  with these  clips.   You
hesitate.    Stunned   at  the  request.     Jacques  is  waiting
expectantly to see if you will obey.  Your face is a beet red and
you are trembling with emotion as you slowly get to your feet and
move off  to the  ladies room.   A few  short minutes  later, the
nipple clips are in place, pinching your long hard nipples in the
feeling  you know so well.   This is the first  time you have put
the clips on yourself and you are not sure that you  like it when
it is  not done to you.  You look at yourself in the mirror.  The
clips  are painfully  obvious  to  anyone who  looks!   They  are
sticking out  beneath the  flimsy fabric of  your blouse  and you
know that  there is no way of concealing that.   You look at your
face for a moment  and it surprises you.  It is not the same, shy
tentative  woman of  several months  ago.   You  are radiant  and
obviously sexually  aroused.  Your  flushed face gives  you away.
You reach  under your skirt  for a  moment to slide  your fingers
across your  hot clitoris.  The sensation  is electric!  You have
to restrain  yourself from bringing  yourself to an  orgasm right
away.   You tuck  your bra  into your  purse and  with your  arms
crossed  across your  breasts to  hide  as much  as  you can  you
quickly move back to our table.   Our food has arrived while  you
have been gone and  I am slowly  eating as you  sit down.   "Very
good.", I say.   You look down  at the nipple clips  sticking out
from your breasts beneath your  blouse.  You are very turned  on.
Jacques  is back in a flash obviously interested in what the next
turn  of events  will  bring.   "Darling",  I  ask, "don't  cover
yourself up like  that.  Show Jacques how the clips look on you."
Your face turns a brighter shade of red as you lower your arms to
allow  Jacques  to see  the  shape  of  the clips  sticking  out.
Jacques is almost  drooling in his observations.   "Well", I say,
"you can't  really see  anything can you?   You should  open your
blouse and show Jacques how pretty those  clips look on your long
brown nipples."  You are astonished once more in an evening  that
seems  full of  such  emotions.   You  look  around fearful  that
everyone in  the restaurant is  looking but frankly,  given where
you are  sitting, no  one can  really see  you.   Your hands  are
shaking as they  reach up to unbutton  the first button.   One by
one they are  slowly undone until I  can see an expanse  of flesh
from your neck  to your waist.   "Show  him dear.", I  say.   You
hesitate once more before  reaching up and spreading  your blouse
wide apart to  expose your breasts and their  accompanying nipple
clips fully  to Jacques.   "Magnifique!", whispers Jacques.   You
hold your blouse wide apart showing all your charms until you see
me smile and nod.  Thankfully, you button up your blouse quickly.
Jacques seems visibly shaken as he totters off to serve his other
clients.  You  like the fact  that you have  that effect on  him.
Everyone likes to be  attractive, but you have turned him on with
your  behavior.  We  start to eat  our meal and for  the next few
minutes  we  don't talk.    The  sensation  of the  nipple  clips
pinching your breasts and your pussy getting slowly more and more
wet keeps  distracting you.   You have an irresistible  desire to
reach down and rub yourself to an orgasm right here at the table.
You could  come at the least touch and  not care who was looking.
Jacques returns a  few minutes later.  You look down and see that
he has a hardon.  Looking  at you being continuously aroused  has
caused him the same sensation.  "Jacques",  you hear me say, "did
you know  that I  keep her  pussy shaved?   It  is quite  pretty.
Sweetheart, show Jacques how  pretty a shaved pussy is."  You are
so hot that you don't even hesitate any more.  You push you chair
back  a couple of inches  and begin raising  your skirt while you
look right at him.  Jacques has begun breathing heavily in ragged
breaths.   Your breathing is  more like gasping as  you now raise
your skirt right up to your waist.  Jacques gasps as he sees your
pussy  with  its  juices  glistening  in the  dim  light  of  the
restaurant.  You can't resist any more.  You reach down  and with
one finger, quickly  rub your pussy juices  across your clitoris.
Jacques closes his eyes  and his body twitches as he  comes.  You
see  him bite  his tongue  to  avoid crying  out.   A  dark stain
appears on his trousers from his jism.  The sight is too much for
you.  You begin coming in short panting breaths, your whole  body
shakes as wave  after wave  passes through your  body.  When  you
have  regained your senses,  and covered yourself  again, Jacques
has disappeared.   I pay for the  meal and we leave  quickly.  We
make it as  far as the  car before you  attack me.   You undo  my
pants and take my  hard cock deep into your  mouth.  I groan  out
loud at the sensation.  The scene has turned me  on terribly.  It
was all I could do to wait until  now.  It takes only a few short
strokes before you feel my body tighten up and spasm  after spasm
of jism shoots from me.  When it is done I do up  my pants and we
look  at  each other  for  a  long  moment before  breaking  into
hysterics.
The Secretary
Story #17 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     You thought that you would always be a homemaker.   When you
got married it  looked great and then it seemed routine and then,
it was  five years later and you thought  that that was it.  Now,
here  you are, back as a  secretary in a new  job.  You have been
working for  a full week now and you  are beginning to settle in.
You found that your fingers remembered how to  type even when you
thought  that you  had forgotten.   Your  supervisor is  a svelte
looking woman who has a particularly  stern manner.  Your boss is
one of  the most attractive  men you know.   He is  tall, strong,
dark haired with the sexiest voice you have ever heard.  His name
is Mr.  Rusko and he and  your supervisor, Miss Branck  have made
every effort to start you off in the new job.  They told you that
you would have a one week trial period and that you had that time
to  get yourself back  up to speed.   They were  very generous in
telling you that any mistakes  made during the trial period would
be forgiven.  Miss  Branck was very pleasant  as she pointed  out
the errors  that you had  made and  by the end  of the  week, she
almost none to show you.  You were pleased that both she  and Mr.
Rusko complimented you on your  work.  You noticed, however, that
some of the  other girls who have  been with the company  a while
did not  get the same treatment over their mistakes.  Just before
you left the  office on Friday, you remember  seeing Jeannie, the
girl in  the desk next to yours, called  by Miss Branck.  Jeannie
looked nervous  as she went  over to talk to  her.  You  saw that
Miss Branck looked very strict while she talked to her.   Jeannie
wasn't very talkative when she came back to her desk and when you
invited her out  for an after work  drink, she told you  that she
had to  stay late to  speak to  Mr. Rusko and  Miss Branck.   She
looked awfully nervous and you  wonder why.  Surely they wouldn't
fire her for some typing  mistakes, you think to yourself.   Now,
as you enter the  office, you see that Jeannie is  already at her
desk looking  as chipper as  ever.  "Good Morning  Jeannie.", you
say to her  pleasantly.  "Hi there.", she replies.  "How did your
Friday meeting go with the gruesome twosome?", you joke.  Jeannie
immediately blushes red and she avoids your look.  "It was O.K.",
she stammers.  This has you even more curious.  "Did you get into
trouble?", you ask.   She  nods her  head.  "How  come you're  so
nervous about it.",  you ask her.   She looks over at  you coyly.
"You'll find out.",  she says.  Now you are really curious.  What
does she mean?  "Tell  me.", you say.  Jeannie blushes again.  "I
can't.",  she whispers.    You insist  and  finally she  relents.
"O.K.", she says,  "but you can't tell  anyone I told you."   You
promise.   "Well, sometimes,  when I've made  a lot  of mistakes,
Miss  Branck and Mr.  Rusko make me  stay after work  is over and
then they  punish me for  my mistakes."   Your eyes open  wide in
disbelief as a shiver runs down your spine.  "What do you mean?",
you say.  "It's not just me.", says Jeannie, "most of the younger
girls get punished that way.  When I first got told to stay late,
I was brought up to Mr. Rusko's office and they made  me sit down
and then they told me about all of  my mistakes.  There weren't a
lot but  they made a big deal  about it.  They finally  gave me a
choice.  They said that they knew that I was capable of good work
and  that  I  could either  leave  the  company or  choose  to be
punished by them.  Anyway, I didn't want to  leave, so I let them
punish me."   You face is  flushed at this  story and you  notice
that your pussy  is already soaking wet  at the story.   "How did
they punish you?", you ask.  Jeannie hesitates a long time before
she answers, "They spanked me just like  a little girl."  You are
really in an uproar now.  Jeannie turns back to your work and you
start on your own  but your mind is in  a turmoil.  The image  of
young Jeannie  being turned  over Mr. Rusko's  knee turns  you on
like crazy.   Dominance  and submission games  are your  favorite
thing anyway  and you imagine  that Jeannie is lying  across your
knee and that you are lifting her skirt and lowering her panties.
You look over at her and pretend that her thighs and buttocks are
slowly  becoming revealed.  Your thoughts drift in and out of the
exciting thoughts all morning and by the time lunch rolls around,
you take a break in the washroom to masturbate.  You have to bite
your  tongue  while  your  fingers  bring your  wet  pussy  to  a
shattering orgasm in only a few strokes.  You are a little calmer
after lunch,  but every time you look  at Jeannie, you get turned
on all  over  again.   Miss Branck  calls you  over  in the  late
afternoon.  "The work you did last week was actually very high in
quality.", she  tells you, "But I see that  there are a number of
rather simple  mistakes in  today's effort.   This is  really not
acceptable.  I will expect  an immediate improvement or I'll have
to  take  some  kind of  action."    You are  embarrassed  at the
scolding  and you  resolve yourself  to improve  your work.   You
continue on with  your day and your  work does improve.   At home
that night, your thoughts turn again to the 'punishments' of Miss
Branck and  Mr. Rusko.   You wonder what  it would be  like to be
submissive  to the two of them  at once.  The  thought is at once
exciting  and disconcerting.   Our lovemaking  that night  is the
best it has  been in ages  and you surrender yourself  totally to
it.   You ask  me to  tie your hands  together and  you love  the
feeling of being helpless while being brought  to an orgasm.  The
next morning, you arrive to work with a  glow on your face and it
doesn't go unnoticed by Jeannie.   "Great night last night?", she
teases.  You  blush as you tell  her about your lovemaking.   Her
eyes open wide. "You really let him tie you up?", she asks.   You
nod your head.  "I could tell you a lot of stuff I've done.", you
tell her.  "But, I'd better do  it after work."  Jeannie looks so
interested that maybe you'll actually tell her some of the things
you have  done.  You  promise to go  out with her  after work and
exchange  girl-talk.   She  would  probably  be  turned on  about
finding out what  it would be like  to submit herself  to someone
else totally.   Work continues as  per usual but again  today you
are  distracted by  the thoughts  of  your own  sexuality.   Just
before  the end  of the day,  Miss Branck  calls you over  to her
desk.   "Your  work still  contains a  number of  mistakes.", she
says, "I am really  quite surprised.  I  think that your  quality
was better last week than  today.  In any  case, Mr. Rusko and  I
would like  to speak  to you  about  it today  right after  work.
Please wait for me and we'll go up to his office together."  Your
heart skips a beat.  Your  mind goes into overdrive and you  head
back  to your desk  as though you are  in a daze.   You wonder if
they plan to  punish you just like  Jeannie.  What would  that be
like you think.   You hope that they don't and you hope that they
do.   Jeannie looks at  you curiously as you sit  down.  "Are you
O.K.?",  she asks.   You nod  your head.   "I  have to  stay late
tonight.", you  tell her,   "Maybe we could meet  later instead."
Her eyes open wide.   "Oh...", she says.  She  writes her address
down on a piece of paper.  It is not far from the  office.  A few
short minutes later, you and Miss Branck are alone in the office.
"Come with me.", she says.  You follow her to the elevator and up
to  the fourth floor.  You  notice that your hands are perspiring
and that  you are really nervous.   You enter  Mr. Rusko's office
and  sit down  as  instructed.   Miss Branck  sits  next to  you.
"Well,  young  lady",   says  Mr.  Rusko,  "It  seems   that  our
congratulations were premature.  Now, I know that you are capable
of quality work so the only conclusion I can come to  is that you
simply aren't paying attention.  Let me tell you the way  that we
handle slovenly work here.   We give the girls a choice.  We tell
them that they can  go and work for a company  that is interested
in  low quality work  or they can  choose to be  punished here by
Miss Branck and myself.  I can assure you  that you will not find
the punishment comfortable.  However, we have noticed that  those
employees who have been punished  are generally, happier and much
more productive.  Now you also  have that choice.  Which will  it
be?"   Your heart is racing at a mile a minute.  You really don't
want  to be  punished but  the thought  of it  is a  turn on  and
besides, you really  don't want to  leave the company.   "I'll be
punished by  you.", you  say in  a whisper.    Mr. Rusko  smiles.
"Miss  Branck will  prepare you  then.",  he says.   Miss  Branck
stands up and takes  you into the next  room.  Her look  is quite
severe.    You  bow  your  head submissively  and  wait  for  her
instructions.   "Remove all of  your clothing.", she says.   Your
hands are trembling as  you reach for the buttons  on your dress.
It soon falls  to the floor and  is soon followed by  your, slip,
stockings and  panties.  Soon  your are wearing nothing  but your
jewelry.  You wait patiently while  you look at the floor.   Miss
Branck stands back to admire your trim  form.  Her eyes linger on
your shaved pussy  and you see  her smile.   "Very pretty.",  she
says.  She hands you a  standard hospital gown that opens in  the
back.  It is short and comes down to just below your buttocks but
it does cover you.  She turns you  around and does up the one tie
in the  back at the top.  She turns you around again and looks to
make sure  that  you are  ready.   You  are  mortified that  your
nipples have  become quite  hard and that  your pussy  is soaking
wet.   She takes  you by  the arm  and brings  you back  into Mr.
Rusko's office.  The gown opens with  every step you take and you
know that in a moment it will be completely exposed.  Miss Branck
moves  to   the  middle  of   the  room  and   sits  down   in  a
straight-backed  chair.   "Lie over  my lap.",  she says  to you.
Hesitantly you do  so, feeling the strange feeling  of her nylons
against your bare skin.  The gown falls naturally to the sides to
expose  your buttocks  to their  gaze.   You feel her  cool hands
touch you for the  first time.  Her left hand is  in the small of
your back and holds you firmly in the proper position.  Her other
hand rests  gently on  your smooth bottom.   The  spanking starts
suddenly and you  feel her sharp stinging slaps  strike first one
cheek then the other.  The spanking goes on for some time and the
heat rises  slowly from your  bottom as  it continues.   The heat
travels  directly  to   your  pussy  as  the   erotic  punishment
continues.  You know that you  are soaking wet and you hope  they
don't find  out.  The  whole event seems  to happen in  a daze as
though to  someone else.  Miss Branck stands  you up and you feel
your bottom  is hot.  You think that this it is over and you wait
for her to  bring you back to  your clothes.  Instead  she brings
you  over to  the corner  of  the room.   "You'll  stand  her 'on
display' until we tell you.  She says.  She places you facing the
corner just like  a five-year-old  who has  just been  chastised.
Your  face turns red at the embarrassing  position.  You feel her
hands at your neck and suddenly  the gown is untied and she  lets
it fall to the floor.  You are now completely naked in the corner
of the  office and  they have  you stand  there for  perhaps five
minutes  displaying your  red bottom.   The  heat in  your bottom
gradually diminishes  until the  warmest thing  about you is  wet
slit.  The spanking by this woman  has turned you on and you have
no idea what  is to come  next.  The five  minutes seem to  go on
forever and you  can sense Mr. Rusko  and Miss Branck  looking at
your helpless  body.   Finally you hear  Mr. Rusko's  voice, "All
right, then I'll complete your punishment now.  Come here."   You
hesitate for a  moment.  You  know that as  you turn around,  you
will be exposing your entire body to him  and you are embarrassed
to do that.  Blushing yet again, you finally turn around and with
your eyes downcast submissively, you shuffle over to him.  He has
you stand beside his chair for a moment as he looks at you.  Your
hands  have naturally  covered yourself  and he instructs  you to
lower them.  You do so and he looks directly at your firm breasts
and their hard nipples and your shaven slit.  You know  that your
hot  juices are  easily  visible  on your  bare  pussy lips  thus
betraying your turned on condition.  He makes you stand there for
a moment while he opens his drawer and takes out a  black leather
strap and lays it on his desk.  His large, strong hands reach out
to take your wrists and pull you over his lap.   He lays the cold
leather strap on your  buttocks and you shiver as you imagine the
sensation  of the spanking  to come.  His  strokes start a moment
later and your bottom  is given a good paddling.   When he stands
you up again,  your bottom is hot and there are a couple of tears
on your  cheeks.  You  stand before them submissively,  no longer
attempting to cover yourself as they tell you that they expect to
see better work from you in the future.  You dress  hurriedly and
leave the  building a few  minutes later.   You are walking  in a
kind of daze  as you find yourself  at Jeannie's apartment.   She
lets you  in right away.  Her  look is concerned as  you walk in.
"Are you  O.K.?", she asks.   You nod  your head.   "Did they....
spank you?"   Again you nod your head.   "Well, maybe I could put
some lotion  on for  you or something.   Would  that help?"   She
leads you into  her bedroom and helps  take off your dress.   You
lie on your stomach,  naked again in front of a  strange woman as
she  begins gently  rubbing lotion  into  your hot  bottom.   Her
fingers stroke you gently and you feel yourself becoming more and
more turned on.  You hear her  start to breath deeply and without
saying anything,  you spread your  legs slowly apart.   Her hands
naturally slide lower  and lower until her  fingers discover your
wetness.  You turn over and pull her face into your shaven pussy.
Her long,  hot tongue  slides right into  you and the  licking of
your  pussy juices  is  soon  followed up  by  the roving  tongue
finding  your hard clit.   Jeannie's hands  move up your  body to
pinch your nipples hard and you let out a loud moan.  Your orgasm
seems to start deep in your body and spread outward right to your
fingertips.  It  goes on for a  long time and you cry  out at the
pleasure.  Afterwards, you and Jeannie lie together, "I know what
it's like.",  she tells you,  "I'm always so  turned on  after it
happens."   You rest for awhile  before making love  again.  This
time it is you  who brings her to a climax.  By  the time you get
home, it is late but it  is a warm, smiling, satisfied woman  who
comes  home  to  recount  the  hottest  story  she  can  remember
happening in a long time.
On Display
Story #18 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It is Saturday evening and  we have just finished a fabulous
meal.   You have prepared a feast fit  for kings and the romantic
candle-lit  dinner  has left  us both  in the  mood for  a little
after-dinner fun.  "Come on.", I say,  "Let's go play."  You give
me your coy, little-girl smile.  "Yes Sir.", you say.  You follow
me meekly into the bedroom.  You aren't sure quite what to expect
as I have made  each evening an experience of the  unexpected.  I
have arranged our room with soft  lights, and arranged the bed so
that you can fall right onto it.  Very, very tenderly I start  to
remove your clothing, kissing each  part of you as it  comes into
view.  First your  blouse drops to the floor and  you feel my hot
breath  as I kiss your neck and  shoulders.  You moan softly as I
give  you a gentle bite.   I am standing behind  you and you lean
back against me as I reach around to undo the front clasp on your
bra.  The lacy covering slides  down your arms and falls to  join
the silk blouse.  You stretch your  hands up behind your head and
you hold yourself there to expose your breasts fully to me.   You
know  that I  love seeing  you in this  position better  than any
other.  My hands move softly across your smooth skin, stroking it
and moving  in  ever smaller  circles  toward your  already  hard
nipples.  You  secretly hope that I'll  pinch them but I  do not.
Instead, they feel  the same soft gentle caressing  that the rest
of you receives.   My hands  move lower now, stroking  your belly
and you close  your eyes to better  experience the feeling  as my
fingers undo the  clasp to your  skirt.  It  falls away from  you
revealing  your pale  blue silk  panties.   They are one  of your
favorite pairs  and you know  that they look  great on you.   You
feel  me turning  and you  turn  also, still  with your  hands up
behind your head.  "Open your eyes.", I whisper.  You look to see
us reflected in the full length mirror in our bedroom.  Your long
lanky body  is stretched  out as  though  attached to  me.   Your
breasts are flattened against your chest and are topped with your
long brown  nipples which are  already getting hard.   You see me
slowly sink  to my  knees  behind you  and  start to  slide  your
panties down  your legs.  Your shaven pussy  and its long slit is
slowly revealed.   You step  out of your panties,  now completely
naked before me.  My hands guide you to the bed lying you down on
your  front  and making  sure  that  you  are comfortable.    You
surrender your  body totally  to me.   You feel  my large  strong
hands  touch  your  feet.   They  are  drenched  in  warm  oil.
"Mmmmm.", you say.  Starting at your toes, I slowly move  all the
way up your legs to your bottom.   Over and over I rub your  legs
until all  the knots  are out.   This  is totally  unexpected but
wonderful.   From your legs,  I move up and  start massaging your
bottom.  The feeling is glorious.   You feel my fingers dig  deep
into the tissue releasing all the  tension you have bottled up in
your  body.   Now  my  hands massage  your  back in  long, strong
strokes from  the small of  your back all  the way to  your neck.
You allow your  body to  relax like  a rag doll  and the  hot-oil
massage begins to sink in.  By the time I am done with your back,
you are almost asleep.  You  offer no resistance when I turn  you
over to  begin on your front.  I start with your temples and move
down your  face.   You have never  had it  so good.   The massage
continues down your body, firmly  massaging your arms and fingers
and then  moving back up  to your chest.   The hot oil  is softly
worked into your breasts and nipples  and then lower down to your
belly  and finally  you  feel  your legs  being  spread apart  to
receive the  last of  the massage  and oil  on the  lips of  your
pussy.  The whole process has  taken perhaps an hour, maybe less.
You are totally  relaxed and more than  a little turned on.   You
open your eyes and  stretch your hands out to me.   "Come here.",
you say in a  husky voice.  I shake my head, smiling.   I hold up
several silk scarves.   "Can I use these on you I  ask.  You look
up into my eyes while a shiver  runs through your belly.  "O.K.",
you whisper.  My hands are very gentle as they tie your wrists to
the head  of the  bed.  One  scarf becomes  a gag and  your mouth
opens wide  to offer yourself submissively  to it.  Now  that you
are truly helpless, you feel your pussy starting to get very wet.
You are totally relaxed, but  the anticipation of what may happen
next is very exciting.   I sit down beside you  and begin playing
with your  slippery nipples.   I drip  more hot  oil on  them and
begin rubbing it  in.  You feel  my fingers pinching  the nipples
only  to have  them escape by  slipping though  my fingers.   You
close your  eyes, enjoying  the constant stimulation.   All  of a
sudden you hear  the doorbell ring.  The loud sound has you start
and your body  tries to  get up  before it remembers  that it  is
attached to  the bed.  "Shhhhh", I say softly.   "Relax.  I'll be
back in  a minute."  I leave the room  with you still tied to the
bed and helplessly gagged.  I seem  to be gone a long time before
I return.  When I walk  into the room, you are a little  relieved
and then  you see that  I am followed  by your friends;  Bill and
Marge!   You pull  frantically at  your bonds trying  to get  up.
Bill and  Marge have  never seen  you in  anything else  but your
Sunday best.   Bill is grinning  wildly at your exposed  body and
Marge looks a little shocked.   It is obvious from your  position
exactly what is  happening here.   Because of  the gag you  can't
even speak to them.  Marge is standing at the end of the bed  and
is trembling a little  as she looks at  you carefully.   'Perhaps
she is wondering  what it would be  like for her?', you  think to
yourself.  I  am sitting down beside you again and you close your
eyes in embarrassment.  "She loves being dominated.", you hear me
say and despite yourself, you feel your face blush red.   "I have
had her dominated by both men and  women.  I gave her a massage a
little  while ago  before I  tied her up.   I  think her  body is
tremendous  when  it's  covered  in  oil.   Her  nipples  are  my
favorite.  Do you see how hard they are.  Look at this, she loves
them to  be pinched  very hard."   You  feel my  fingers at  your
nipples pulling them hard away from your body.  You are unable to
contain a moan at the sensation.  Your eyes open to see Marge and
Bill looking at you closely.  You notice that Marge is  breathing
heavily and looks a little flushed herself.  Marge says, "I think
we should go."  "Please don't.", I say, "She's actually turned on
by your being here.  Maybe you could do something for her.  Could
you put these on her nipples?"  Marge looks at the  nipple clamps
with her eyes wide apart.  "What are those?", she says in wonder.
"They're called nipple clips.", I  say.  Marge takes them  in her
hand to examine  them.  "Don't they  hurt?", she asks.   "Sure, a
little.", I say,  "but she really likes them.  Marge looks at you
questioningly.  "Do you really?", she asks in a small voice.  You
nod your head.  She moves slowly  over to the side of the bed and
I move aside.   She  sits down beside  you and takes  one of  the
clips in  one hand.  Her fingers are  shaking as they pull one of
your nipples  up and away from your breast  to attach the clip to
it.  Your eyes close and you moan at the sensation.  You feel the
other nipple being pulled and pinched as Marge attaches the other
clip  to it.   You have never  been so embarrassed  as right now.
You feel  Marge standing up  and you open  your eyes to  see both
Marge and Bill  looking at your body.  "Look  Honey.", says Bill,
her pussy's completely shaved!   You feel my hands gently opening
your legs and you try to keep them closed.  "Bill", I say, "would
you please tie her other knee like this one?"  Between the two of
us  your  knees  are  now  tied wide  apart  thus  exposing  your
embarrassingly wet pussy lips.  My fingers pull your tender pussy
lips wide apart to  further expose you to your friends.   "One of
the things  she enjoys best", I say, "is to  be punished.  Take a
look at some of these pictures."  You see me take out our private
album  and show  the pictures  of you being  spanked just  like a
little girl.   The  album contains graphics  pictures of  you and
despite the  already exposing position  you are now in,  you find
yourself  embarrassed again.  Bill  is standing just behind Marge
as they look through the album together.  You can see  that Marge
is turned on  by the photographs  and you see  Bills hands  reach
around her to play with her breasts.   She leans back against him
and  allows him to undo her blouse and  slip his hands in to hold
her firm breasts.  They stop at one picture in particular.  "I'll
be attaching her  like that in a  few minutes." I say,  "I figure
that I'll  give her a good spanking until  her bottom is pink and
then I'll use her  vibrator on her until she  comes while hanging
there.  Do  you like using a  vibrator Marge?"  Marge  looks down
submissively as she whispers yes.  Your vibrator is  on the table
beside you.  You  see me pick it  up and hand  it to Marge.   Her
blouse  is now  completely open  and  Bill completes  the job  by
removing it from her shoulders  to reveal her trim breasts topped
with tiny pink nipples.  "Here Marge", I say, "play with her with
it.  Just don't let  her come yet."  Marge  turns on the toy  and
begins touching your hot, oiled body with the humming instrument.
She starts at  the inside of your  bound knees and works  her way
upward.  Soon you  are straining to  be touched directly on  your
pussy but Marge won't allow it.  She touches you all  over, first
your belly, next your breasts,  then the nipple clips and finally
back to your upper  thighs but it is a long  time before you feel
the vibrator  right on your clit.  She  can't leave it there long
because it will only take a moment for you to come and she  won't
allow it.  It seems like an eternity for you as your body writhes
in its  bonds seeking relief.   Finally she stops, you  open your
eyes to see that everyone's clothes are now on the floor and Bill
is sporting  an erection that  is, to say the  least, impressive.
Bill and I  untie you and reattach  you standing with your  hands
tied to the  ceiling.  Your legs are attached wide apart to leave
you completely accessible to  us.  Marge stands  in front of  you
and presses her body against your own slippery  one.  Bill stands
behind  her and reaches around  to remove your  nipple clips.  He
takes first  one then the other  and places them on  Marge's pink
nipples instead.  She gasps as she feels the piquant pinch of the
clamps for the  first time ever.  Marge stands behind you now and
you turn your head to see her holding a small leather strap.  You
see  her slide  one hand into  her brown  haired pussy  while the
other swings  the leather against  your buttocks.  The  first few
strokes  are very  light but  soon  she is  smacking your  smooth
bottom in sharp stinging strokes.  The spanking turns you on even
more.   It does not take long  and it is over.   You feel Marge's
hand rubbing  your bottom  and feeling the  heat rising  from it.
One then two of her fingers slide into your dripping pussy to wet
themselves and  then they  move further  behind you  to lubricate
your tight bottom.  You reach up on your toes and moan behind the
silk gag as  her fingers go particularly deep.   Bill is standing
in front  of you  and you  feel the  tip of  his massive  hard-on
nudging against your  pussy.  Marge slides her  fingers deep into
your body and you move forward naturally,  thus impaling yourself
on Bill's cock.   Marge controls  the rhythm now  as her  fingers
slide in and out of your rear  pushing you harder and harder onto
Bill's cock.  You  know you are close to coming but  it is not to
be allowed yet.   Marge removes her fingers  and they are quickly
replaced by my cock.  Now you are filled as never before.  Bill's
large organ fills your pussy  completely while my cock fills your
bottom.  You close  your eyes, savoring the sensation.   You hear
the  hum of  the vibrator  again  and it  touches your  sensitive
breasts just as Bill and I start sliding in and out of  you.  You
feel me press  against your well-spanked bottom and  you are even
more turned on by the feeling.  You open your eyes to look  right
into Marge's.   You open your mouths and  your tongues touch in a
sensitive kiss that  connects you all together.  Bill and I start
thrusting in  a perfect rhythm.  He  pulls out as I  push in then
visa versa.   Your body feels like  its turning inside out.   You
feel my body  tighten in the beginning of my orgasm.  The feeling
is too  much for you and you feel both your pussy and ass tighten
on Bill and I as your orgasm starts from the depths of your belly
and  flows outward.   You cry out  hard against  the gag, letting
yourself scream really for the first time  in your life as we all
begin coming together.  Even Marge,  with two fingers deep in her
pussy moans as  her orgasm mingles with yours.  It is perhaps the
most exquisite sensation you have ever encountered.
The High School Locker Room
Story #19 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It is the last class of the day and you are tired.  Being  a
phys-ed instructor  at the local  high school is a  demanding job
and the girls  have been giving you a hard time.  Spring probably
has something to do with  the rambunctious nature of your charges
but all  their energy is wearing you out.   Also, just looking at
their young  limber bodies, just  budding into womanhood  has you
kind of horny.   You don't usually think about  such things while
you're working  but seeing those  girls today in their  tights as
they went through their exercises turned you on.   Your pussy has
been hot and wet all afternoon and  your nipples seem to be in  a
constant state  of erection.   The last class that  you currently
have  doing  gymnastics are  the  grade  11s.   The  sixteen  and
seventeen year-olds are stretching their bodies into a variety of
sexual contortions.   In one corner,  the girls  on the mats  are
doing split after split and  looking at those long legs stretched
so  far  apart makes  you imagine  one  of them  tied up  in that
position,  totally helpless  to prevent  the  stimulation of  her
body.  On  the trampoline, your eye  catches sight of one  of the
bustier  girls as  her  breasts bounce  up and  down.   Her  hard
nipples are prominently displayed through the thin  fabric of her
Danskin and  you are embarrassed to catch yourself thinking about
what it would  be like to suck them.  'This  is crazy', you think
to yourself, 'These  girls are innocent teenagers who  don't know
anything about  sex.'  The  day will prove  you wrong.   The bell
sounds and the girls quickly tidy up before heading to the locker
room.   It will be a good 20  minutes before they've showered and
changed  and you are able  to close the place  up.  You decide to
take  the opportunity  to go  to  your office  and masturbate  to
release  some of this nervous energy.   You enter your office and
lock the door behind you.  In the bottom drawer of your desk is a
large vibrator  and an  envelope  containing a  magazine on  your
favorite fantasy:  bondage.  You  open the envelope and  take out
the bondage mag.  Flipping through a couple of pages, you stop at
a story about teenage girls,  being kidnapped by band of dominant
women who  then train them.  The pictures  on the page show young
girls being restrained in a  variety of exposing positions.  Some
with their legs  held wide apart, others with their hands tied to
the  ceiling.   In  some,  you see  nipple  clips pinching  their
nipples.  In  others, you see a dildo much like yours pushed into
their  pussies.   One  young  girl  is  getting a  bare  bottomed
spanking by her mistress.  The pictures turn you on a little more
and you  push your danskin  to the side  to allow access  to your
pussy for your  vibrator.  The humming sensation  is electric and
you  let out  a quiet  moan  as the  tip of  the  artificial cock
touches the hood of your clitoris.   You rub the vibrator up  and
down the edges of your sensitive  pussy lips and let the feelings
run through your body.  You push just the tip of it into your now
soaking pussy and  you hold back for  a moment before  pushing it
deeper.  You  imagine yourself tied  to a bed  and being  totally
helpless.  Whoever was in  control would determine when the dildo
would be penetrate  you.  You would  have no say.   You hold  the
vibrator there wanting it deep  inside you but imagining that you
can't have it.   You don't last very  long.  Soon the  long thick
dildo is sliding in and out of your wet slit.  On each stroke the
vibrator  feels like it is filling your body totally.  You decide
to prolong  the sensation until  you can  get home and  really do
something about it.  You turn  the vibrator off but you leave  it
deep  in your  pussy.  You  feel completely filled  as you adjust
your Danskin and  stand up slowly.   You want to come  so bad and
the anticipation  is bittersweet.   It has been about  25 minutes
since your  students finished  their class and  you go to  take a
last look in the locker room before closing up.  As you enter the
locker room, a  familiar sound has you stop  dead in your tracks.
There is the clear,  distinct sound of a  girl panting, close  to
coming in  the room.  You  can also hear the sound  of the shower
and the  girl's voice is  coming from there.   'One of  the girls
must be  masturbating in  the shower.',   you think  to yourself.
Your  pussy automatically tightens  around the thick  dildo still
lodged in  there.  You move slowly and silently toward the shower
area, determined to find out who it is and perhaps take a look at
her  having an orgasm.  As  you turn a corner,  the sight is very
different from what you expect and the sight has you gasp as your
heart starts to race.   There are FOUR naked girls  in the shower
not one.  Three of the girls are holding a fourth captive and are
teasing her helpless body.  One of  the girls standing behind her
and is holding the helpless  girl's hands tightly behind her head
to  expose her pretty  breasts and chest.   One of  the others is
standing  in front of  her and  playing with  her very  long pink
nipples.  A third  is on her knees at the  feet of the restrained
teenager and is running a bar of wet soap back and  forth through
her  crack.   The  girl who  is  being held  doesn't  seem to  be
struggling as  these three  girls tantalize  her body with  their
hands  and tongues.   You see one  lick her nipples  as the other
slides one finger  first deep into  her pussy and then  deep into
her obviously lubricated bottom.  Your own hand has moved to your
pussy almost of its own volition and is now pushing gently at the
end of  the vibrator  sticking out, pushing  it deeper  into you.
The girl on her knees is now licking the helpless girl whose name
is Julie and a moment later, Julie starts to come in long sobbing
gasps.  The other three girls  hold her and caress her until  her
orgasm has subsided and she is  able to stand on her own.   Julie
looks at them and giggles, "That was the BEST ever!  Who's next?"
Suzie says, "Oh,  let me."  The girls go right into action.  This
time, the girls is held lying on her back with her legs spread up
and wide apart.   From your vantage  point, you can see  that her
pussy is completely  shaved!  You can see the delicate pussy lips
gently  being spread  open to  reveal the  hot pink  interior and
below that  her  pink, crinkled  bottomhole.   The  girl  holding
Suzie's wrists starts licking and biting her tiny nipples and the
Suzie stars writhing right away.  One of the girls begins playing
with Suzie's ass and  gently sliding her finger into it while the
third starts playing with Suzie's pussy lips with her tongue.  It
does not take long before Suzie is  begging them to let her come.
They  hold her off time  and time again  just on the  brink of an
orgasm.  Finally, one of the girls positions herself  so that her
legs and Suzie's legs scissor  each other and their pussies begin
grinding  together.   Suzie  immediately  begins  coming  like  a
freight train and you  join her.  The sight has been too much for
you.  You  reach down  and turn  on the vibrator  and your  pussy
tightens itself around  it as the artificial intruder  brings you
to yet another  orgasm.  You pull  the vibrator out of  your body
and turn it off.  You have decided  it is time for these girls to
be found out.  The girls have, meanwhile, switched partners again
and the next victim, Vivian, is  now being held on her hands  and
knees with  her knees  held wide  apart waiting  for her  ass and
pussy to be violated from behind.  Stepping out  from your hiding
place, you walk straight up to them.  "Well, girls, what is going
on here?",  you ask in  a stern voice.   The girls  leap to their
feet,  "Oh, nothing miss.  We're sorry.   We should be on our way
now."  "Not  so fast.", you say,  "Vivian, get back down  on your
knees."  The girls are disbelieving as you have them all watch as
you gently position Vivian to  best expose her most private area.
You instruct the girls to hold her legs and her wrists tightly so
that she cannot  escape.  Then you  pull out your vibrator.   You
turn it on first and begin running it over her body.  First along
her  arms and legs,  then you let it  touch the sensitive breasts
and  nipples hanging down from her body.  Vivian's breathing is a
little heavier  when you finish playing  with her tits.   Now you
move  behind her.  Vivian is  anxiously awaiting the touch of the
vibrator but  you maker her wait.   Finally, you  slide the thick
vibrator deep into her soaking pussy in one long delicate stroke.
Vivian cries  out at the  exquisite sensation and your  own pussy
tightens with desire  as you remember the feeling from just a few
minutes ago.  You begin sliding the vibrating cock very slowly in
and out of her slit.  Soon she is taking full strokes in and  out
and begging for  more.   You lubricate one  finger of your  other
hand in the soaking juices of Vivian's pussy  and then you gently
slide its full length into her bottom.  The moan from her coupled
with an additional  wriggling of her bottom is enough  for you to
know that it was the right thing  to do.  All of this stimulation
will  have her come soon  so you have  one of the  girls lie down
under  Vivian and  begin licking  and biting  her nipples.   This
final sensation  is too much and she  begins shaking in an orgasm
that has her scream out in  pleasure.  A couple of minutes  later
you  are all  back in  your office  talking about  what happened.
"Are you all  submissive?", you ask.   The girls nod  their heads
shyly.  Now  that the action has  stopped, they have reverted  to
the shy introverted people they make out to be.  "Very well", you
say,  "I shall  not report  this on  the condition  that  you all
report here once per week  for some personal instruction on being
totally  submissive.   The  girls  look up  disbelievingly.   The
smiles  on  their  faces  tell  you that  you  are  in  for  some
interesting  times before  the term  is over.   Before  the girls
leave the office, you have them all get on their knees before you
and lick  your pussy!   The quick lick from  the four of  them is
enough  to turn you on all over  again but now you decide to take
your  libido  home anxious  to  tell  me  all about  this  latest
adventure.
On the Beach
Story #21 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It is 1  o'clock in the  morning and you  can't sleep.   You
have been out on the beach all day enjoying the first full day of
your vacation.   The sun is hot and  the water warm and your body
has started to  unwind from the hectic pace  it maintains back in
civilization.  You  spent the  day on the  beach where your  most
important  activity was  power tanning,  something  that you  are
committed to keep up  for the rest of your stay.   You started by
picking your spot.   It has to be just right; near the water, but
not   too  close,  near  the  bar,   but  not  too  close.    You
strategically place your  chair in a place where  there is plenty
of scenery (of the great looking hunk kind!)  Next, you open your
bag and take out 3 types of suntan lotion.  Screen number 15 goes
on  your nose and ears,  number 7 goes on your  face and number 3
goes on the rest of your body, by the time you have 'lathered up'
you are so  hot that  you're dying  to go  into the  water.   You
decide to  hold off for a couple of  minutes to look around.  The
men around you are particularly attractive.  You examine each one
surreptitiously  imagining yourself in one of  their arms.  There
are several who are obviously  single and are looking around just
like you.   You follow the gaze of one  of them to see a gorgeous
brunette suntanning  just a few feet  away.  She  has removed the
top half of  her bikini to  sunbathe topless.   You see that  her
beautiful breasts are attracting the attention of a number of men
who are trying  to be casual about  where they are looking.   You
look  around you some more to find that  most of the women on the
beach are topless.  You're a  little nervous.  You've never  been
topless before and the  thought of doing it is both  exciting and
scary.  "What the hell.",  you think to yourself.  IF I  don't do
it right away, I never will.  You quickly reach up and  undo your
top and in one fell swoop, bare your body to the world.   You lie
back and close your eyes imagining that every man on the beach is
looking at  you.   Your pussy  starts to  get wet  and you  can't
remember being this horny.  The heat in your body is suddenly too
much.  You stand up and  run for the water.  The cool  salt water
feels  wonderful  against  your bare  breasts,  just  like skinny
dipping when you were a kid.  You swim for a while before heading
back to the beach for more sun.  The entire day becomes a sort of
ritual  of covering yourself with suntan lotion, baking under the
sun and cooling  off in the warm ocean.  "This is paradise.", you
think to  yourself over and  over.  Now  it is  1 o'clock in  the
morning and  you  are staring  at  the ceiling.   Your  legs  are
squirming  slowly.  You lay  down a few  minutes ago, deciding to
forego the dancing  at the bar.   "A good night's sleep  would be
better for  me", you thought.  Now, you  are lying alone and your
body is  crying out for attention.   All the  wicked thoughts you
had on the  beach all day  seem to come  crowding back into  your
mind demanding attention.  You  remember back to the morning when
you took off your top for  the first time.  You remember  closing
your  eyes and  leaning  back  to expose  yourself  to all  these
strange men.  Your imagination  takes over as you fantasize about
being tied to  the beach chair and having  your eyes blindfolded.
About being  helpless to prevent  all those men touching  you and
arousing you.  One hand naturally reaches down and begins rubbing
your  pussy.  It  is soaking wet.   Your other hand  steals up to
your breasts  and begins  stroking them gently  just the  way you
like it.  "This is ridiculous!", you think.  "I came here to have
fun and meet  people and I'm lying in my room masturbating."  You
get out of  bed and put  on a light cotton  dress.  It is  one of
your favorite.  It is completely  backless and comes down to just
above  your knees.  It is a pale  blue and you know that you look
great  in it.   Your  breasts press  against the fabric  and your
already hard  nipples are  pushing out like  little bell  pushes.
Your body  is still  demanding for attention  but you  ignore it.
You start to pull on  your panties and then stop.  You decide not
to wear any!  Your dress  has you be decent and your body  is hot
enough not  to want to.   You head down  to the bar  where a full
blown party has  been going  on since  11pm.  You  kick off  your
shoes and just start dancing.  The music is good and you love it.
A while later  you have worked up a good thirst and you head over
to the bar  to quench it.  While you are  sipping your rum punch,
the man next to you says hello.  You look up into one of the most
perfect  specimens of male  humanness you have  ever encountered.
He is about six feet tall, dark hair and the bluest eyes you have
ever  seen.  He  is wearing shorts  and a Hawaiian  shirt and his
muscular body immediately  turns you on.   It  is like your  body
goes into overdrive.  The hormones start pumping and it sounds to
you like someone  far, far away is  using your voice to  speak to
him as you answer.   After a little small  talk, and a couple  of
dances including one incredible slow dance where you got to press
your hot body against his, you are back at the bar.  You sit down
at  a table  with  another couple  from  the hotel  to have  your
drinks.  They are young and attractive and obviously hot for each
other.  "Hey",  says your friend David, "Let's take  a drive over
to the other beach!  There won't be anyone there now and we could
go  for a midnight swim."   No sooner said than  done and you are
all in the car heading for the beach.  It is not far and soon you
are all walking along  the sand under  the moonlight.  The  other
couple wander  off on  their own  and you  and David are  walking
along the  water's edge hand in hand.  "This is just like I hoped
my vacation would  be.", you tell him.   "Me too.", he says.   He
stops for a moment and turns  to you.  He leans down  and slowly,
sensuously kisses  you.   The kiss goes  on for  a long  time and
takes your  breath away.   It is perfect.   Your body  presses up
against him and you  feel his hand stroking your bare  back.  You
can feel your nipples pushing against his chest and you know that
you want him.   All of a sudden he stops.   "Let's go swimming.",
he whispers.   You both throw off  your clothes and run  into the
water, giggling like  two four-year old kids.   You have  a great
time splashing  each other and  dunking each other in  the water.
After a  while, you swim back to shore and flop onto your back on
the cool  sand.   David follows you  slowly.   He kneels  down in
front  of you looking  at you  closely.  You  look up at  him and
smile.   You close your  eyes and stretch  your hands above  your
head,  offering  yourself  to  him completely.    You  lie  there
passively waiting for what will come next.  Your breathing gets a
little fuller as your already aroused body anticipates his touch.
You  feel  his  fingertips  lightly stroke  your  breasts.   Your
nipples leap up to  greet him.  They  are so hard that they  hurt
and  you pray that he will lick them but still you keep your eyes
closed.  As  if reading your mind,  you feel his hot,  wet tongue
slide over first  the left nipple then the right.  A moan escapes
your lips and  you arch your back, pressing  your exposed breasts
into him.  His teeth bite down on your nipples gently, making you
beg  for more.  You hear  him move on the  sand and then you feel
his hands  on your thighs,  urging them  apart.  You  spread your
legs,  slowly  revealing  your  soaking  pussy.    Your  body  is
squirming slowly on the sand.  You need him, want him, desire him
in your body.  The thought that there are other people right near
you on  the beach adds a sense of  excitement that you have never
experienced before.   All  of a sudden  you feel his  prick touch
you.  You pause, every muscle in  your body is tense, waiting for
him to penetrate you.  The knob of  is cock urges inside your hot
box and you hear yourself panting.  You strain upwards, trying to
get  more of  him into  you but  he doesn't allow  it.   The only
contact between  your bodies is  the tip of his  prick separating
your pussy lips  and tantalizing your need.   You let out  a load
moan and beg him to do it.  Very, very slowly, he starts to slide
himself into  you, the  long thin cock  gently glides  its length
into your  body until you  are feel your bodies  pressing against
each  other  once  more.   You  let  out  a  long sigh,  suddenly
realizing that you had been holding your breath.  At first almost
imperceptibly and then  slowly but steadily he starts  to move in
and out of you.  Your bodies hit a perfect rhythm immediately and
soon you  are both lost  in the sensation, pressing  against each
other  for all  you are  worth.   You  feel your  orgasm building
slowly.   Soon it seems  as though you won't  be able to bear it.
You  hold onto  him and  pull him  deep into you  as you  feel an
explosion start from low in your  belly and spread up and out  to
consume you totally.   You cry out  together as he comes  as well
and finally, spent, you lie there together.  You  open your eyes,
finally,  and over your head  you see a  sky full of  stars.  You
smile contentedly listening  to the  sound of  the waves  lapping
against the shore mixed with the soft sound of David's breathing.
"Life is just perfect.", you think  to yourself as you drift  off
into a blissful sleep.
In the Principal's Office
Story #22 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Your  mind drifts  back to when  you were  16 years  old and
still  in high  school.   You were  well developed for  your age.
Your pretty  athletic figure coupled with your large firm breasts
made you one  of the most  attractive girls in  your school.   On
this day in particular,  you remember being in  school on a  cool
fall day...
You are having a lot of trouble  staying awake in your math class
because of  the night before.  Last night  you ended up going out
with a few of your more  rambunctious friends.  You got a  little
drunk and  before the  night was  over, you had  used some  spray
paint on the school wall in  the courtyard.  Today you're feeling
a little guilty.   It's not like you  to be so naughty.   Usually
you're such  a good  girl.  Hopefully,  you think, this  will all
just fade away  as a bad memory.   "Sharon!", you hear,  "Are you
asleep?"  The sound breaks you  out of your daydream.  Your  math
teacher is looking at you intently.  "I called your name twice!".
"No sir.", you  reply quietly embarrassed, "I'm sorry.   I'll try
to be more attentive."  "Good", says Mr. Galbrith, "Well, you can
be more attentive  down at the principal's office  because I just
got a  note that he wants to see you."   Your heart leaps to your
throat  as feel a wave  of panic wash  over you.   Your hands are
trembling as  you gather  your books and  head down  the corridor
towards the  office.  You go to  the principal's office where his
secretary instructs you  to sit down on  the bench to wait.   You
sit down on the hard wooden bench and wait quietly.  Your mind is
racing.  You are sure that the principal knows what you  did last
night!  You have never really been in trouble before and you feel
close to  tears  as you  think  about what  will  happen if  your
parents find out.   Your  palms are moist  as you sit  passively,
waiting.  "You  can go in now Sharon.", says the secretary.  "You
get  to your  feet, nervously  open the  door to  the principal's
office  and enter.   The door closes  behind you.   Mr. Bolden is
sitting behind his  desk.  You put  your books down and  stand in
front of his desk and wait for him to say  something.  He doesn't
say anything  for a moment but he looks  upset.  Finally he looks
right at you,  "Well?", he says in  a load stern voice,  "What do
you think are done  with vandals in this school."   You hang your
head in shame as a blush hits  your face.  You don't know what to
answer but he  answers for you.  "I'll tell you!", he shouts, "We
call the police  and we let them  handle it!"  You  are sniffling
now, close to tears.   He continues to yell at you.   Finally, he
pushes his  chair back from his desk.  You  think that he will be
standing up  but he  doesn't.   "You have  been a  very bad  girl
Sharon.", he  says in a low stern voice,  "Come here."  With your
head still bowed, you walk slowly around his desk to stand before
him.  "Lie over my lap young lady.  You're going to be punished."
Your head shoots up to look at him, your eyes  wide as saucers in
disbelief.   Surely he  can't mean that  he would spank  you just
like a little girl!  You shake your head almost  automatically as
you say no.   His large hands shoot  out to grab your  wrists and
before you can  even think  about it,  you are  lying across  his
broad lap with you head  facing the floor only a foot away.   One
of  his large hands  is holding you  firmly at the  small of your
back and you feel the other start to lift your navy blue skirt up
to  your waist.   You  begin to  struggle frantically,  trying to
avoid the  humiliating punishment.   "STOP IT!",  he shouts  in a
loud commanding  voice.   Despite yourself, you  are still.   You
reach  forward with  your hands  to steady  yourself  against the
floor and then you lie passively  awaiting whatever he will do to
you.  You  have it coming, you  think as your skirt  is carefully
tucked  into your  waistband  thus  exposing  your  white  cotton
panties to his gaze.  A moment later, his hand begins pulling the
panties  down your legs.   He stops  when they have  reached your
knees.    You  close  your  eyes,  mortified  that  this strange,
powerful man has exposed you totally while you remain helpless in
his control.   His hand now cups your exposed bottom and you feel
it gently caress you.   You turn beet red, not  knowing what will
come  next.   His  broad, strong  hand now  begins to  smack your
bottom.  At first, the  strokes are very light, almost  a feather
touch, but gradually  he begins hitting  harder.  Your  breathing
quickens.  You  can't believe that  you, a sixteen year  old girl
are actually  receiving a bare-bottomed  spanking at the  hand of
your principal.  His strokes are quite heavy now and you feel the
stinging heat  of the  spanking travel through  you.   Each smack
causes you to  gasp and the  strokes are  both painful and  oddly
exciting.  In another  moment the combination of  the humiliation
and the  pain in  your tender bottom  is too  much and  you start
crying.  A couple of  very hard smacks later  and he stops.   You
get to your feet  and pull up your panties as  quickly as you can
manage.  "Oh  no you don't young lady. You've been a bad girl and
you're not leaving so fast.   Go over into that corner and  stand
there facing it.", says Mr. Galbrith.  You hesitate for a minute,
desperately wanting to pull down  your skirt to cover your little
girl panties.   "Right now Sharon!", he  says.  You blush  as you
walk over to the  corner to stand facing it passively.   "Now get
those panties down.", says the principal.  You close your eyes at
the humiliation, knowing  that you are powerless  to disobey him.
Very  slowly, you start to pull down  your panties while you look
at the  wall.  Your hot red buttocks come into view and you stop.
"All the  way off.",  says Mr. Galbrith  menacingly and  you hook
your   thumbs  into  the   flimsy  undergarment  to   follow  his
instructions.  He picks the panties up off the floor to  put them
on his desk.   You are now standing facing the corner of the room
with no panties on and your  skirt tucked into the waistband thus
exposing  your well punished  bottom completely.   You have never
been so embarrassed  and the silent tears roll  down your cheeks.
He leaves you there  for perhaps ten minutes.  It  seems like ten
hours with every second an  eternity of wondering if someone will
come  into the office to  see you naked as  you are.  Finally, he
tells you  to turn around  and to  lower your skirt.   You  do so
gratefully.  The tears are over now but you feel the heat  of the
spanking coursing right through your body.  "I don't want to ever
hear  about you  getting in  trouble again.",  he says,  "I'm not
going to tell your parents about this time but if I ever find you
in here  again, you will  be very sorry.   Now get  out of here."
You grab your books and  leave the office.  The  secretary smiles
at you  knowingly and you blush  yet again at the  humiliation of
her knowing.   You are walking  slowly down the corridor  back to
class when you realize to your horror that your panties are still
back in the  principal's office.  You  know that you will  not go
back there to  ask so, reluctantly, you continue  on back to your
next class very conscious of  your naked body beneath your skirt.
The rest  of the day passes in a sort of haze as the vivid memory
of  the spanking keeps running  through your mind.   You are both
troubled and  strangely excited  by what  has happened.   Sitting
down, you feel the heat  from your buttocks spreading out through
your whole body.  You are sure that everyone knows and that every
boy is looking at you knowing that you have no panties on.   Your
breasts  are in a  continual state of  arousal and you  go to the
bathroom to remove your bra.  Your nipples are erect and you look
in the mirror to see how they poke out of the fabric.  By the end
of the day your pussy  is soaking wet and you are  more turned on
than you have  ever been in your  life.  As  soon as classes  are
over you  go to the gym to find your boyfriend Robert.  Robert is
shooting  baskets in  the gym  all by  himself.   You  and Robert
haven't  made love  yet,  you  have been  saving  yourself for  a
special  occasion.   Tonight might  be  the night,  you think  to
yourself as you  run your hands over your overexcited  body.  You
have been on  the pill for a couple of months  and tonight it may
come in useful.  Robert sees you right away and  runs over.  "Are
you  the only one  here?", you ask  sexily.  Robert  looks at you
curiously, "Yeah,", he says, "At least for the moment."  You look
around nervously.   If  he doesn't touch  you right now,  you are
going to scream.   You reach over  and grab his head  your tongue
snakes into  his  mouth as  you  give him  a  strong, sexy  kiss.
"Mmmmm", he murmurs.  You feel his bulge spring up in his shorts.
You reach down to squeeze  it.  His eyes open wide at  the touch.
You have never been so aggressive.  You take his hand and pull it
up under  your skirt  and right onto  your naked,  soaking pussy.
"Wow!", he gasps as he touches you  for the first time ever.  You
take his hand and drag him  into the boys locker room.   "Sharon!
What are you doing.",  he exclaims  You take a  quick look around
to make  sure you are  the only ones  there.  You reach  down and
with  one smooth  motion, pull  off your  sweater to  expose your
naked breasts.   Your nipples are  already hard.   In fact,  your
entire body is in heat.  You pull his shorts and underwear to his
ankles in  one yank  and immediately wrap  your mouth  around his
erect organ.   He throws his head back and moans out loud as your
tongue runs up  and down his cock.   You slide it deep  into your
throat and enjoy the feeling of his flesh  pulsing inside of you.
You push him back onto a bench so he is lying on his back and you
sit astride him  facing backwards.  You feel his  hands lift your
skirt and  begin to stroke  your hot buttocks.   It takes  only a
minute before  his tongue is running the length of your wet slit.
The sensation is unique and  you redouble your efforts at sucking
him.   Just as you are about to come you get up.  You turn around
facing  him and  lower your  body so  that his throbbing  cock is
barely touching your  pussy.  You wait for  a moment experiencing
the  delicious anticipation.    This  will be  it,  you think  to
yourself as you slide down slowly, an inch at a time, feeling his
hardness fill  you completely.   When you are  completely impaled
you  pause for  a moment  savoring the  sensation.   Your bottom,
still burning from  the spanking you received earlier is pressing
down  against his body.   Now you  begin to raise  and lower your
body  in an  ever increasing rhythm,  bouncing up and  down.  His
large, strong hands  find your breasts and begin  pulling at your
long brown  nipples.   The sensation drives  your passion  to the
boiling point and  you cry out as  your body tightens in  what is
the most luscious sensation you  have ever experienced.  You feel
Robert's body stiffen as his come  shoots deep into you in  spasm
after spasm.  You lean  down to rest your head on his hairy chest
basking in the warm afterglow of your first love making.
South American Adventure
Story #23 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Vacation time  again  and  this time  you  and  your  friend
Natalie have taken  an "Adventure Excursion" into  South America.
It  is a  three  week tour  and  the first  two  weeks have  been
incredible.  You and Nat have travelled through some of the  most
exotic  jungle scenery in the world.   The natives have been very
friendly and all in all you  have enjoyed this trip as no  other.
You are now  on a rickety  old school bus  which operates as  the
local version  of inter-city travel.  You are  on your way to the
next sleepy town on your itinerary.  Last night you and Nat found
a local party going on to which  you were instantly invited.  The
local boys crowded around, anxious  to play with the two 'gringa'
girls.   You  shiver with  delight  remembering the  way you  and
Natalie got stoned  and then, holding hands, lying  side by side,
you were  gloriously fucked by  two of the more  attractive boys.
Your daydreaming is suddenly interrupted  by the bus coming to an
abrupt stop.  The front door opens and two soldiers get on.  They
make their way slowly down  the aisle looking carefully into each
passenger's face.   They stop at your  seat and look at  both you
and Natalie.  "You two off the  bus!", exclaims the soldier.  You
attempt to argue but the soldier grabs you by the arm  and before
you know it,  you are standing at  the side of the  road watching
your  bus disappear  around the  next bend.   You  are terrified.
People have disappeared  in countries like this, you  think.  The
soldiers refuse to  answer your frantic questions.   Instead they
handcuff your hands behind your back and you and your  friend are
bundled into the jeep to return  in the direction you came  from.
An hour or so later, you and Nat arrive back in the small town of
last  night.  The  soldiers bring you  to the local  garrison and
into the office of Colonel Ortega.  He is an attractive but stern
looking  man sitting  behind a large  desk.   He looks up  as you
enter.  "Good afternoon ladies.", he says in a deep voice,"Do you
know that we have severe penalties  in our country for people who
use illegal  drugs?"  Now  you are very  nervous.  You  know that
smoking dope  in a  foreign  country is  a  stupid idea  and  you
mentally kick yourself for doing it last night.  Natalie tries to
explain but the  colonel cuts her off. "Do you have more of these
drugs with you?",  he asks.  You tell  him that you do  not.  "We
shall see.", he says, "Please remove all  of your clothing."  You
hesitate  for a  moment  but  you realize  that  there is  little
choice.  As  embarrassing as it  will be to  undress in front  of
these strange men, the alternative  is too dangerous to consider.
You look  over at Natalie  and she is  blushing furiously as  she
quietly unbuttons her  blouse.  You  hang your head  submissively
and start  to remove your white cotton shirt.   As usual, you are
not wearing a bra and the soldiers whistle appreciatively as your
firm white breasts  come into view.  Your jeans  are next leaving
you in  only your  flimsy  bikini panties.   As  Nat removes  her
skirt,  she reveals  her  long  tanned legs  and  her sheer  silk
panties.  The colonel smiles at the  sight.  "All of your clothes
if  you  please.", he  says.    You  are  both beet  red  at  the
humiliation of having to do this but you both bend down to remove
your last piece of protection.  The colonel now instructs you  to
clasp  your  hands  behind your  head  and  you both  do  so thus
exposing yourselves completely to him and the other soldiers.  He
stands up and moves around his desk for a better look.  "You will
have to  be searched completely  for this contraband.",  he says.
He  looks back  and  forth  between you  and  Nat comparing  your
smaller firm  breasts with  Natalie's large  ones.  Your  nipples
have gotten  hard despite yourself  and you are mortified  to see
him looking at  them carefully.   You glance sideways at  Nat and
see  that  her long  pink nipples  have extended  themselves too.
Although you should be scared for your life, you find yourself at
once scared and oddly turned on by the situation you are in.  The
colonel looks at Natalie "You first, I  think.", he says.  One of
the  soldiers takes her  and pulls her  into the next  room.  The
colonel walks around you carefully examining your body.  You feel
him stroke your  exposed bottom with his rough hand  and you jump
at the touch.  "Sensitive?", he asks.   You nod your head.  "This
is the part  of the body that  naughty girls have punished  in my
country.", he says.   You close your eyes at the  thought of your
bottom being spanked  just like a  little girl.   Your hands  are
still clasped behind your head and the colonel takes advantage of
your well-presented breasts to squeeze them next.  Your eyes snap
open  to see  him pulling  on the  nipples with his  large strong
hands.   You moan softly as he  pulls them both out as  far as he
can before releasing them.  The door opens and Natalie reappears.
Her face is beet red and she avoids looking at you as  she stands
back in front of the colonel and places her hands back behind her
head.  The soldiers take you now and pull you into the next room.
There is a  table here and you  are pushed onto it on  your back.
You are sure  that they are going to fuck you  but you are wrong.
Two  soldiers hold  your legs  wide  apart while  the other  sits
between your legs.   You feel his fingers  parting your sensitive
pussy  lips and  sliding two fingers  deep into  you.   Your hips
jumps reflexively at the penetration and you are embarrassed that
the soldier finds  your pussy so wet.   His fingers slide  in and
out of you a few times and then one slides deep into your bottom.
You let  out another moan  as he roughly lubricates  your bottom.
Now they  stand  you against  the wall  and one  of the  soldiers
begins to take pictures of your naked body while the others place
you in a variety of exposing  positions.  It is very embarrassing
to expose yourself  so wantonly but also strangely  exciting.  As
soon as the pictures are done,  you are brought back in the  room
where the  colonel is now playing  with Nat's long nipples.   You
stand back beside  her and, as instructed, place  your hands back
behind your head.   The colonel sits  down again,  "You  know, we
could have you  put into prison  for a long  time but I  am in  a
benevolent mood today.  I shall give you a choice.  You may go to
our jail here for an extended stay in our fine country or you may
accept to be punished immediately for your crimes.  I assure  you
that  you will  not find  this punishment  comfortable.   It will
begin  at the hands  of the woman  in charge  of female prisoners
with  the  kind  of  spanking  little  girls  receive  from their
mothers.  It  will end with you  back here punished by me  and my
men in a more personal manner.   You may choose but choose  now."
You  and Natalie  look at each  other.  The  alternatives are not
pleasant  but you  can see  there is  little choice.   "We'll  be
punished  by you.", you tell him.   He smiles at your answer.  He
barks  a few short words at the guards and you and Nat are pulled
right out  of his office still stark naked!   They bring you down
along  a busy corridor  while everyone laughs  at you and  Nat as
they do so.  You have never been so embarrassed.  The men whistle
as you pass and  you feel a  few hands reach  out to fondle  your
exposed breasts or  buttocks.  At the end of the corridor you are
brought into another office  and told to stand and wait.   A side
door opens and a large severe looking woman enters the room.  She
smiles at you  as you stand at attention but her smile has little
warmth  in it.    "You  first.", she  says  pointing at  Natalie.
Natalie shuffles  forward and  the woman handcuffs  her hands  in
front of her.  The woman sits down in a straight backed chair and
pulls Nat over  her lap.   She gives a soldier  some instructions
and  he bends down  to fasten Nat's  ankles to a  bar about three
feet long.   Her legs  are thus  spread wide  apart exposing  her
pussy and  anus to you.   You see that her pussy  lips are puffed
out as though she is sexually excited and her pussy is glistening
wet.  The woman takes a black leather strap and lays it gently on
Natalie's  buttocks.   You  see  Nat  shiver  as she  lays  there
passively.   The spanking now starts.   At first the  strokes are
gentle  but gradually  they  increase in  intensity as  the sharp
report  of the leather  against Natalie's sensitive  bottom rings
out over and over again.  The spanking continues until Natalie is
crying and her  bottom is a bright  red.  You are  trembling, you
are so nervous.  You know that you are next.  The woman lays down
the strap now but  she doesn't let Nat up yet.   You see her hand
rubbing  Nat's bottom  feeling the  heat.   Her fingers  dip down
between her legs and you see two long female fingers slide slowly
but deeply  into Natalie's wet  pussy.  They come  out glistening
and one  then the other  is gently slid  deep into Nat's  exposed
bottom.  Nat lies there passively as her most intimate opening is
penetrated by this strange woman.  The woman reaches down now and
takes a long  string of beads.   She pushes the beads one  by one
into Natalie's now lubricated bottom until they are all inserted.
The last  six inches of the string dangles  from her bottom.  The
ankle restraints  are now  removed and  Natalie stands  up beside
you.    She has  stopped  crying but  her  tear streaked  face is
testimony to the severity of the spanking.  Now it is  your turn.
Your hands are fastened as Natalie's were in front of you and you
are  pulled over  the woman's  lap.   The  feeling of  her nylons
against your naked  skin is  strange and you  have never felt  as
helpless as at this moment.   Your face is about a foot  from the
floor and you reach out your hands  to steady yourself.  You feel
the woman's  hands caressing your  buttocks as the  soldier pulls
your feet wide  apart to attach to  the ankle restraints.   It is
oddly  exciting to  be so exposed  to this woman  and the soldier
behind you.  Your soaking  pussy and sensitive ass are completely
exhibited.  You feel the  warm leather strap gently stroking your
white bottom.  All of a sudden the woman starts to spank you with
the strap and at first, just like  Natalie, the spanks are almost
gentle, and certainly not painful.  The spanking continues to get
harder and harder until  each smack of the leather brings a sharp
sting  to your bottom.   You  can feel  the stinging  heat travel
through your rump directly to your pussy and your juices start to
flow.  The spanking is even harder now and you can feel the tears
come to your eyes.  A moment later the spanking stops and all you
can feel is  the heat of your buttocks rising from you.  You feel
the woman's cool hand caressing you and then her fingers touching
your  wet  slit.     The  sensation  is  at   once  exciting  and
humiliating.   Her long thin  fingers slide easily deep  into you
and you are  unable to contain  a gasp at  the feeling.  You  too
feel her  finger lubricating your  buttocks and then a  string of
beads is slowly inserted into  your ass.  You feel each one as it
pushes past your sphincter  and into your  body.  The feeling  of
the string hanging between your legs is very strange as you stand
once  again beside Natalie.   The  soldiers take  you out  of the
office and  back down the  crowded corridor this  time at a  much
slower pace.   The men and women laugh at your red bottom and you
feel many a  smack on your sensitive rear before you are led into
another room.   You and Nat are blindfolded and you feel yourself
being pushed onto  your back on a  cold table.  You  hear Natalie
being put  in the  same position  next to  you.   Your hands  are
attached to  the head  of the table  and your knees  are fastened
wide apart.   The soldiers leave and  for a few moments  there is
silence.  "Are you  OK Nat?", you ask  in a whisper.   "Uh huh.",
she whispers back, "How about you."  You hesitate a moment before
you reply.   "I'm alright.  That spanking  sure hurt but you know
it's funny.  It kind of turned me on."  "Yeah", says Natalie, "Me
too."   You both  hear the door  open and you stop  talking.  The
sounds of at least two people move around you.  You hear Nat gasp
and a moment later you feel rough fingers pulling sharply at your
nipples.  You gasp  also as they are pinched hard  and pulled up,
away from  your body.    The fingers  continue to  toy with  your
nipples, pulling them and squeezing them until you feel you could
come from  the stimulation  of  your tits  alone.   You feel  one
nipple being pulled hard away from you and then you feel the cold
metallic pinching of  a nipple clip fastening  on it.  The  other
nipple immediately undergoes  the same treatment.   You are  left
for  a moment to savor the piquant  feeling of your nipples being
pinched hard and then you  feel the fingers of your tormentor  at
your pussy.  His  rough workman hands are pulling  your wet pussy
lips with his fingertips, stretching them far apart until it is a
little  painful before  he  lets them  go.    Your pussy  is  now
dripping its  juices  more  or less  continuously  and  you  hear
Natalie moan softly  next to you in response  to her 'treatment'.
Now you feel  the pinching feeling of clips on your pussy lips as
they are pulled wide apart and fastened there to display the pink
interior of your slit.  You hear a low hum and a moment later the
feeling of a  vibrator touches your clit directly.   You cry out.
Your body has been  overstimulated for ages and this is too much.
You  feel your  hips straining  upwards despite  yourself as  you
attempt to  press  against  the  vibrator.   Natalie's  cries  of
passion now mingle with yours as she suffers the same fate.  Your
tormentor seems an expert.  Whenever you are close  to coming, he
stops and  lets your writhing body wait until it has calmed down.
Your entire body  is begging to be  fucked and you know  that you
won't be able to stand it much  more.  The heat in your  buttocks
from the spanking combined with  the constant stimulation of your
nipples and pussy is driving you crazy.  You feel hands squeezing
your  breasts and  pulling at  the tight  nipple clips.   Now the
vibrator slides slowly and deeply into your  hot, wet box and you
moan out loud at  the exquisite feeling.  You know  you are about
to come as never before when all of a sudden you feel  the string
of  beads  being  pulled  gently  from  your  bottom.    You  had
completely forgotten  about them  but  now your  entire being  is
focused  on the  sensation.    You feel  the  first  bead at  the
entrance to your anus as steady pressure from the string holds it
there in the  most sensitive spot.   You feel your body  start to
shake as you begin to come.  Your pussy tightens on  the vibrator
and your ass tightens  on the first bead as a little tug pulls it
from  your  body.    The  release of  the  bead  provides  enough
stimulation to push you over the edge and you cry out in pleasure
as you  peak.  The  vibrator continues to  play with you  and you
feel the second  bead being pulled from  you.  You peak  again at
the sensation as your entire body, now bathed in a sheen of sweat
thrashes  up and  down in  your bonds.   "I'll never  survive it.
There must be twenty  of those beads",  you think  to yourself as
the third  causes yet  another orgasm.   You surrender  your body
totally  to the  sensations.  Dimly,  as if in  the distance, you
hear Natalie crying  out with pleasure as she  gives herself over
totally to the  orgasms wracking her  body.  It seems  a lifetime
before it  is over  and when it  is you lie  there weak  with the
effort.   Your body is totally spent.   Your blindfold is removed
and your bonds untied.  You need the support of the soldier as he
leads you back  to the colonel's office.  You no longer care that
everyone is looking at  your naked body.  They bring  you and Nat
back  into the office where the colonel  is sitting.  You realize
that you  have no idea who saw you or  who touched you or who did
what  to your  body.   The colonel  is smiling.   He  holds up  a
videotape and looks at you both.  "Your punishment is complete.",
he says, "However  we will be enjoying it for some time to come."
You are given your clothes back but before you can dress, you are
brought right  outside into  the open and  hustled back  into the
jeep.  Still completely naked, you are driven almost all  the way
to the next village before they let you out of the jeep and leave
you there, naked at  the side of the road.  You  and Nat sit down
on  the grass  beside the road  and lie  back, exhausted.   A few
minutes later, you raise yourself up on one elbow.  You look over
at  your friend, lying  on her back  still completely  nude.  Her
breasts are gently rising and falling with each breath.  You have
never really  allowed yourself to  think about it before  but she
really turns you on.  "Nat?", you say tentatively.  Her eyes open
slowly and she looks right at you.  You don't exchange words, you
just look  at each other.   It is  as though she  is reading your
mind.   She rolls  over and  pushes you  back as  her lips  reach
yours.  The  kiss is like none  you have ever experienced.   Your
tongues mingle  back and forth  as your passion rises  yet again.
Natalie swings  herself around so  that her head is  between your
legs which you spread willingly.   You pull one of her legs  over
you so  that you are  in a  perfect 69 position.   As  her tongue
glides easily  into your pussy  your lips suck her  clitoris into
your mouth.  You mirror her every action,  knowing that she feels
exactly what you  do as you bring  each other to another  peak of
ecstasy.  It is two exhausted but smiling girls who finally reach
their hotel that afternoon walking down the road hand in hand.
Submission in Suburbia
Story #24 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It is Friday night and you have spent the evening spending a
bunch of  money.   A couple of  your credit cards  have flattened
themselves  out in  your effort  to buy some  exciting purchases.
Your  shopping spree  is now  over  but only  because all  of the
really great stores have  already closed.  You have been all over
town.  The  fun started when you  went out looking for  some sexy
lingerie  to turn  me  on with  and  ended up  getting  turned on
yourself instead.   Now your  arm holds  several bags.   From the
local department store,  you have one bag containing  a couple of
very daring  teddies and  some sheer silk  panties.   Another bag
hold  the  hottest  dress  you  have  ever  considered.    It  is
completely backless  and has a plunging neckline that goes almost
to  your navel.  The slits up the side make sure that your entire
thigh will be  exposed at the slightest  movement.  You were  shy
wearing the dress alone in the dressing room.  You can't  imagine
what it will be  like to wear it  in public.  Some of  your other
parcels contain even  more interesting purchases.   One bag holds
the   latest  in  bondage magazines.    You know  that  it is  my
favorite  and you  got it  for me  despite your  embarrassment at
walking into the sex shop for it.  While you were there, in fact,
you got a few other items.   One is a new vibrator complete  with
raised ribs.  This  item looks like it will out  perform your old
one without  even turning  on.   The  other box  contains Ben  Wa
balls.  You have always been  curious about them and now you  are
determined to find  out what all  the excitement is  about.   The
cars in the parking lot have pretty much cleared out and  you can
see your car over in  the distance.  As you start to walk towards
it,  you hear  a whistle  behind  you.   Your head  snaps around,
startled  at the  sound.   There are  four teenage  boys standing
there.   They look  pretty tough in their  leather jackets.  They
call out to you but you ignore them and walk quickly towards your
car.   Thankfully, they  don't follow.   You unlock  the driver's
door and throw your  bags in ahead of  you.  It is not  until the
door is locked behind you that you breath a sigh  of relief.  All
of a  sudden, the passenger door opens and  one of the young boys
jumps in.  You  open your mouth to yell  at him when he holds  up
his hand and  looks very intense, "Don't say  ANYTHING!", he says
in a  low but  dangerous voice.   A moment  later, the  boys have
opened your door and pulled you out of the car.  They stand in  a
semi-circle around  you.   You are terrified.   The  eldest looks
about  seventeen years old  but they all  look tough.   It is the
older  one who speaks to you.   "If you do  exactly as I say, you
won't  be hurt."   You nod your  head slowly.  He  smiles at your
immediate obedience.   "Turn around.", he says.   You turn around
to face  the car.   "Lift your skirt  and show us  your panties."
You hear the boys snicker as you reach down to lift your skirt to
your waist.  He makes you stand like that for a  moment, exposing
your lacy white panties in the  middle of the parking lot  before
he tells you to cover yourself.  Gratefully, you allow your skirt
to fall  back down.  You feel him  pulling your wrists behind you
and then  you feel  the cold metallic  snap of  handcuffs closing
over your wrists.   The  boys push  you back into  the back  seat
where you sit in between two of them.  One boy slides  behind the
wheel  and starts the  car.   You drive  slowly through  the city
heading you know not  where.  The two boys in  the back seat keep
touching your  helpless body.   You feel  them squeeze  your firm
breasts and  one hand slides  slowly up your thigh  to touch your
warm mound.   Although the entire  experience is terrifying,  you
are also a little  turned on.  Twenty minutes later  you are in a
basement  of an  office complex.   The boys  sit you down  on the
floor in the  middle of a circle  composed of 'the gang'.   There
are about twenty kids here.  They range from about fourteen years
old to maybe seventeen.   At least a third of them  are girls and
they all look  like they're  tough.   You look over  at a  nearby
table  where your  purchases are  being opened.   You  close your
eyes.  'Oh no!', you say to yourself, 'What will happen when they
look through some of those bags.'   You haven't got long to wait.
You hear  squeals of delight  from the  girls who  pull out  your
lace, see-through teddies  and hold them up for  everyone to see.
One of the  boys holds up your new vibrator  and everyone laughs.
One of the girls reaches up to stroke it and  then looks right at
you and smiles.  It is  the most disconcerting movement you  have
ever  experienced.  The Ben Wa balls are  next and you see one of
the boys playing with them.  You know  now that you are in for an
experience  that is  not to be  missed.   You can feel  you pussy
getting wet and you are sure that eventually these kids are going
to get  around to discovering that.  You look  up to see that the
eldest  boy is  looking  through my  bondage  magazine and  keeps
looking from the magazine to you.   You blush and look down as he
catches your eye  and smiles.  He  leans down close to you.   "Do
you like  playing the games  in this magazine?", he  says softly.
You look right at him.  You  find yourself unable to lie to  him,
"Yes.", you say in a near whisper.  He smiles again.  "Then we'll
play a game.", he says.  Your heart sinks as you think about your
helplessness.  He pulls you to your feet.  They bring into one of
the offices on this floor.  It is a well lit  conference room and
contains a number of comfortable chairs and a large table in  the
fully carpeted room.  "Get  up on the table.", says the boy.  You
are assisted in standing up  on the table.  Two of the  boys jump
up as well  and remove your handcuffs.   Your hands are  not left
free,  however.  They are  immediately re-attached to the ceiling
of the room leaving you helpless.   You can see the leader of the
gang giving instructions to the other kids.  Now two of the girls
get up on  the table and one pulls out a  large pair of scissors.
She starts to cut away at your blouse.  It  doesn't take long and
the garment has been removed from  your body.  You are wearing  a
lacy bra today and this is much easier.  She cuts  the straps and
undoes the bra to let it fall to  the floor.  Your breasts spring
free  and  in  your  position,  you are  unable  to  cover  them.
Everyone stops  for a moment  to admire them.   Despite yourself,
your  extra-long  nipples are  already  hard  and  the older  boy
(David)  tells one of  the girls to  pull on them.   You feel her
fingernails as her fingers slide along your stretched breasts  to
grasp the sensitive  nipples.  She twists them  slightly and then
slowly pulls them out, away from your body, pinching  hard at the
same time.  You close your eyes  and moan at the sensation.   She
stops and you feel  one of their hands at your  waist.  The clasp
to your skirt  is undone and  one girl slowly  undoes the  zipper
completely.  The skirt falls in a puddle at your feet leaving you
in only  your white silk panties.  You  know that the panties are
going  to come off  next and show  these kids your  shaven pussy.
You hope against hope  that it won't happen even as  you feel one
of the  girls  move behind  you and  slide her  fingers into  the
waistband  of your  panties.   She starts to  pull them  down and
lowers the back half of them to uncover your buttocks.  She turns
you  around to  show  the group  the  smooth white  skin of  your
bottom.  The other girl gives  you a playful smack on one  cheek.
They turn you around again so that you are facing the group.  You
know what must come next.  The girl is kneeling down  behind you.
She reaches  around you and  grasps the edge  of the silk  in her
fingertips.  The room seems to hold  its breath as she lowers the
garment one  centimeter at  a time.   Ever so slowly,  your long,
smooth slit  is revealed until you are finally completely exposed
to these kids.  The panties are pulled off and you open your eyes
to look down at your audience.  Your shaved pussy is of  the most
interest.  You  know that your pussy  is already very wet.   Your
juices  are clearly evident on  the puffed out  pink lips of your
slit.   One of  the girls reaches  down and runs  her finger into
your lips to wet it.   She reaches up to her mouth  and licks her
finger,  tasting you  as she giggles.   You feel  your feet being
pulled apart  and they are  fastened with ropes about  three feet
apart.  You are now completely exposed to you tormentors.   David
is sitting down  watching you be fastened.   "I'm going  to leave
you here with my friends for a few minutes so they  can play with
your beautiful  body.", he says.   "Don't worry about  my missing
anything though.  We are videotaping your entire performance." He
points out the video camera  in the corner of the room.   "When I
come back,  I  am  going to  give  your pretty  little  bottom  a
spanking and then we are going to see what you look like when you
come.  I think your new vibrator should get a good  workout don't
you?"  He chuckles  to himself as he walks out of  the room.  The
rest of the  kids don't  waist any  time touching your  body.   A
blindfold  covers your  eyes and  you  surrender yourself  to the
sensations running  through you.   It feels like a  hundred hands
are on  you at  once.   Tiny, soft  hands are  pulling apart  the
sensitive inner lips to your pussy while larger, stronger fingers
are playing with one nipple.  The other nipple is in the mouth of
one of the kids  who licks and then bites in  a maddening rhythm.
You feel other  hands stroking  your arms and  legs.  Four  hands
gently spread apart your soft  buttocks so that your ass is  more
fully  exposed.  You feel  a long, thin  finger sliding into your
pussy and then a smaller finger  covered in oil sliding into your
bottom.   Your  body  is squirming  in  its  bonds as  the  young
tormentors play  your body like an instrument.  They seem to know
what they are  doing, however, because whenever you  are close to
coming, they stop,  and leave you  hanging.  You  feel your  body
building slowly to  an incredible orgasm.   All of a  sudden, all
the hands  stop and  you are left  hanging there,  quivering with
excitement.  Your  blindfold is removed and David  is standing in
front  of  you.    He holds  up  a  leather  strap  that is  made
specifically for punishing and looks at you, "Have you ever had a
spanking before?",  he asks.   "Yes.", you reply.   "And did  you
like  the spanking?"   Again you nod  your head.  "Do  you want a
gentle spanking or a hard spanking?", he asks quietly.  You don't
reply for a moment.  Your  head is a jumble of thoughts and  your
body is going  crazy at the same  time.  "Hard.", you  whisper as
you  close  your eyes.    You  can't  believe that  you  revealed
yourself to him  so completely.  David hands the strap to someone
standing behind you and you hear is whistle through the  air just
before it hits your bottom.  The spanking is fast and furious and
is very  hard.  You are crying  at the end of it  and your bottom
feels like its on  fire.  The strapping stops and  you hang there
exhausted.  Gradually, the heat moves from your buttocks into the
rest of your body and more  directly, into your pussy.  The  pain
fades away to be  replaced with your burning sexual  drive.  Your
pussy is so wet that your juices as dripping down your legs.  You
feel  someone touch  you there and  you look  down to see  a very
young girl pulling your tender pink lips apart.  You are suddenly
embarrassed that you,  a grown woman, are so  wantonly exposed to
these children.   The embarrassment turns you  on even more.  You
look down  again to  see another girls  sliding the Ben  Wa balls
into your  pussy.  The metallic balls are  cool and you feel them
like  a  weight  in your  body.   The  sensation  is  strange yet
stimulating.  David  puts his  hands on your  bottom to feel  the
heat.  His hands feel wonderfully cool.  The hum of your vibrator
starts up and you look around to see one of the girls holding it.
She rubs it around her  own body first and  you see her slide  it
under her skirt.  She closes her eyes and moans as the artificial
cock touches her.   When she pulls it out from under her skirt is
wet with her own  juices.  She holds it up to  your mouth.  "Lick
it.", she says.  Your tongue darts out to touch the  vibrator and
you savor  her taste as  your mouth accepts the  vibrator sliding
into it.  The  blindfold is reattached over your eyes.   A moment
later,  the wet instrument  is playing with  your hard, sensitive
nipples.  You are more  and more aroused now.  Your whole body is
straining in the ropes as you pull yourself towards the vibrator.
You  desperately want to come.  The  metallic balls in your pussy
are still very present to  you and their presence has turned  you
on in a way that you didn't  think possible.  It is as though you
are getting  an erotic massage deep  in your body.   The vibrator
continues to  play across your  body.  You  feel David  now naked
body  in front  of  you.   The tip  of  his hard  cock  is barely
touching your drenched pussy and you strain forward in an attempt
to have him in  you.  He lets the  large knob of his organ  slide
easily into your pussy, but he holds  himself there.  You want to
pull him into you but he holds you.   He is in control here.  All
of a sudden his hands slide behind you to grasp your hot buttocks
and he  pushes his length deep into you.   The Ben Wa balls still
fill you and the sensation is incredible.   The vibrator is still
playing with your hard nipples  as David starts long slow thrusts
of  his  entire length  into you.    You cry  out at  the intense
sensation.   The vibrator moves  lower down until you  sense that
the girl is sitting directly under you.  You feel the vibrator on
the stretched out lips of your shaved pussy.  You have never felt
anything like this and you cry out again.  She moves the vibrator
around until it  is between you, it touches the hood of your clit
and  the top of his cock as it slides  in and out of you now in a
fierce rhythm.  You feel your orgasm start to build from very low
in your body.   Your hands pull desperately at the  ropes holding
you and your toes curl at the feeling.  You  let out a gasp, then
a  moan and finally  you cry out  loud as your  passion begins to
boil.   David  is coming  too and  you reach  a climax  together,
thrusting your bodies at each other in  a wild frenzy.  It is too
much for  you and  you pass  out.  You  wake in  a daze  a moment
later.  You are exhausted.   The kids untie you from the  ceiling
and lead you back to your car.  One of the kids drives as you lie
in the  back seat, still completely naked.   You can feel the Ben
Wa balls deep in your pussy but you don't even have the energy to
reach down to take  them out.  They leave you  with a deliciously
full feeling.   The car stops and  the young boy jumps  out.  You
are alone.  You have no clothes but  you have little choice.  You
get behind the wheel  and, still bare, you drive slowly  home.  I
am waiting for you at the door and I can't believe my eyes when I
watch  you walk  in without clothes  on.   The sight turns  me on
right away.   You walk into the  house and into the  living room.
You lie  in the middle of the floor on  your back and you look up
at me.   "I'll tell you what.",  you say, "If you reach  down and
into my pussy and  take out the Ben Wa  balls that are in  there,
I'll tell you a story that will turn you on like nothing you have
ever heard."   You slowly spread your legs wide apart and I reach
down to  do as you ask.   Then I  sit down between your  legs and
gently stroke  your wet,  pink pussy  as you  start  to tell  the
story.
Andrea's Fault
Story #25 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     You have an enjoyable evening in front of the fireplace with
your  husband one  cool winter  night.   You drink wine  and tell
dirty stories of your past.  Your husband is obviously turned on.
All of a sudden you feel very drowsy and you can't keep your eyes
open.  You fall asleep.  When you awake, you are in an unfamiliar
basement all of your clothes have been removed and you are tied
with your hands stretched above your head to the beams of the
ceiling.  Your bare feet barely touch the cool cement floor.
They are also tied about a foot apart.  "You've been naughty
Andrea.", you hear a man say, "Now you must be punished."
Your heart starts to race as you listen to this man.  Where is
your husband?  Did he find out about your affair with George?!?
And WHAT does he mean about punishment? You are completely
imobile.  All of a sudden, you feel a warm slippery finger
sliding slowly into your bottom.
Your pussy begins to gush.  You can't believe how turned on you
are but you are very afraid to show it.  The man stops his
ministrations with your behind and ties a blindfold across your
eyes.  You hear the door open and the scent of another person
assails you.  Your palms are beginning to sweat.
Cold hands begin to caress your stomach and your breasts.  You
are longing to  have your nipples pinched.  You begin to moan and
move with the caresses to the extent that your bonds allow.
'There are at least 2 people', you think to yourself.  One of
them has large, rough hands.  It is obviously the man who tied
you up.  The other hands, however, are smooth and cool.  They
could easily be the hands of a woman.  The scent of her is
everywhere.  All of your senses are assailed at once.  You feel
the hands all over your body.  The rough hands are now rubbing
your soft buttocks while the other pull at the  small brown curls
between your legs.  The hands move up your body  and you feel the
man reach around from behind you to cup your breasts and hold
them up as if for display.  Long fingernails slide along the
smooth skin of your breasts and grasp your nipples.  They
squeeze, hard, and pull the nipples out  and away from your body.
You can't help but let out a little moan.
The hands leave you now but your body continues to writhe.  You
are begging to have them touch you again.  You feel a  silk scarf
behind tied around your head and you open your mouth to allow
them to gag you.  Now you are truly helpless.  You  hear a switch
and then the low hum of a vibrator being turned on.....
The hands leave you now but your body continues to writhe.  You
are begging to have them touch you  again.  You feel a silk scarf
behind tied around your head and you open your mouth to allow
them to gag you.  Now you are  truly helpless.  You hear a switch
and then the low hum of a vibrator being turned on.....
As the vibrator begins to travel up and down your back you hear
the door open again.  A voice says, "That may not be the best
thing to gag her with.  Where are her underpants?  I think she
should get a  taste of what she has been giving away."  You throw
yourself against your bonds but they only pull tighter to your
body.   The vibrator has moved to your breasts now sending little
electric shocks to your pussy.  Your gag is being removed and you
scream protest to what you think will happen next.   The vibrator
has moved down to your feet and is massaging your soles.  A warm,
wet mouth encloses your big toe and  you begin breathing in short
shallow pants as something is inserted in your mouth and the
gag is retied over the strange tasting bundle in your mouth.
The voice says, "We are going to train you to love that taste.
Someday you'll beg for it.  All for my pleasure."
You can't believe the sensations of pleasure unleashed in your
body by that warm mouth sucking on your toes.  The licking of
your toes stops.
You feel the rope that holds your right foot being untied.  You
feel feel the same thing being done to your the left foot.  For a
moment you can actually support all your weight on your feet.
You are very relieved but concerned that it will not last for
long.  The rough hands grab your left foot and you feel the
softness of a womam's hands slip the foot thru what feels  like a
loop of nylon web.  It is push up to about your knee and then
you feel the same thing happening to  your right leg.  Before you
know it you have both your legs in a harness that is sort of like
a pantie except it is like nothing you have ever even imagined.
As the contraption is pulled up to  your waist you feel a leather
strap being wrapped around your waist.  The sides of the nylon
loops are tightly secure to the leather strap drawing the harness
tight to your gushing pussy.  As  it firmly comes to rest against
your pussy you notice it is NOT nylon.  Rather it is a soft
rubbery almost skin like material with little nubs that stand out
from it like the needles on a cactus.  They are not so sharp as
to pierce  your skin but you definitely know it is there!!!   You
still  hear the vibrator humming away as the rough hands cup your
breasts and begin to pinch your  nipples. The gag is removed from
your mouth.  Meanwhile you hear the vibrator getting closer as
you feel a soft hand run a finger along your lips.  You reach out
with your tongue and lick the finger which is quickly replaced
with the vibrator.  It is short, about 6 inches but very thick.
The women asks, " Do you like this?, how would you like this deep
inside you?"
You feel your  knees getting a little weak at the thought of that
thick dildo inside you but before you get a chance to ponder that
your left leg is taken and pull far to the left so that you are
left balancing on your right foot, hanging from the ceiling.  You
can hardly stand it but then again you are very clear you have
no choice.  The hands on your breasts have not stopped and your
pussy has been  soaking whatever that is strapped to it.  You now
feel the soft hands of your female captor lightly scraping her
fingernails across the inside of your  left thigh.  She starts at
the knee and slowly strokes towards your pussy.  But each time
she stops just before she gets to it.  It is more than you can
stand.  The hands on your breasts,  the sensations on your thigh,
the precarious postion you find yourself in.  Your body is
writhing and you hear yourself begging to be touched on your
pussy.
They just laugh.  You plead with them to touch you there, to make
your pussy stop itching.  You feel the intensity of there
attention become lighter and lighter until you scream: " STOP
TEASING ME!!! PLEASE, PLEASE MAKE ME COME.  I WILL DO ANYTHING
JUST PLEASE TOUCH ME."
You feel a medium size rubber ball  shoved into your mouth and as
a silk scarf is tied around your head to keep it in place, the
woman says, " You will get what we give you, and that is all!!
Now I don't want to hear a another peep out of you."
The rough hands grab your right leg and pull it to the right just
as fall as the left on is so that you are hanging from the
ceiling by your hands with both your legs extented at 45 degree
angles about 8 inches off the floor.
You feel the woman reach down to your pussy and flip a switch and
all of a sudden the rubber thing between your legs comes to life.
It starts vibrating with an intensity your are certain you will
not be able to stand for long.  You feel your stomach starting to
contract as the  orgasm starts to build.  You feel the burning in
the insides of your thighs as the tension starts to build.  As
your get closer and closer you feel both of them rubbing their
hands all over you.  Your are tensing all over as you are about
to come.
Suddenly, NOTHING.
The vibrator stops.
The hands are withdrawn.
And you are hanging there your feet wide apart on the edge of the
biggest climax you ever had, and NOTHING.
All you can hear is your own breath whistling through your nose.
All you can feel is the restraints on your hands and feet and the
pounding of your heart.  There is nothing else.  You fight the
restraints, you squirm about trying to rub your pussy against the
butterfly vibrator strapped to your pussy.  It is all to no
avail.  You struggle  but you know it it no use.
Suddenly you hear the hum of the vibrating dildo.  You feel the
strap on the left side being undone and the left side being let
down.  The air feels cool on your now exposed pussy.  You feel
the  head of  that thick  dildo  being shoved  slowing into  your
pussy.
You feel another one, not so thick, but thick enough to take your
breath away, being slipped up your bottom.  The left strap is re-
attached, holding both the fully  inserted dildos in place.  They
are both turned on, so is the butterfly between your legs.
Your interupted orgasm has started building again.  Their hands
are all over you and still you want more.  They remove the gag
and you start begging for more.  You are hanging in this basement
with a vibrator in each of your orifices and one right against
your clit.  You pussy is gushing and you want more.
"MORE, MORE MAKE ME FEEL MORE, PLEASE, PLEASE I BEG YOU MAKE ME
FEEL MORE"
"You are being punished, or don't your remember?"
"Oh yes I remember, it's just that I am SOOO CLOSE, PLEASE PLEASE
JUST A BIT MORE, I AM ALMOST THERE"
Again, just as you feel the edge approaching it stops!!  The
dildos are removed leaving you feeling open and even more exposed
than before.
You scream: "NO, PLEASE NO.  I`LL  DO ANYTHING JUST PLEASE LET ME
COME. PLEASE."
It starts again.  This time they are not touching you, merely
watching you squrim in your bonds as you get closer and closer.
This time as your orgasm approachs you try to hide it, but they
are not fools and see it immediately.  Again it stops, and as
you hang  there your  whole body screaming  for release  you open
your mouth to  beg for the relief you so desperately need and the
ball is shoved back in your mouth.
Your blindfold is removed and you find yourself looking at Julie,
one of your neighbours!  This, however, is not the Julie you
know.  The Julie that you usually do your shopping with is a shy,
pretty blond with a trim but petite athletic figure who could
never harm a flea.  This Julie is another story.   Her long blond
hair is tied up and away from her face in a tight pony tail.  She
is wearing high heeled black leather boots and a black silk teddy
but little else.  Her look is definitely no-nonsense and you find
yourself unable to hold her gaze.  She smiles at your helpless
condition but the smile contains little warmth.  She holds a
riding crop in her right hand.  It is a black leather riding crop
about 2 feet long and is topped with a large silver knobbed
handle.  You are sure its not going to be used on the horses.
Julie reverses her grip on the crop and starts to carress you
with the silver handle.  You feel the cold metal glide across
your breasts and belly.  When it touches your bare slit, she
slides it deep into your drenched pussy.  You gasp and rise up on
your toes.  The crop is slid in  and out in long strokes and in a
moment you find yourself pushing down on it, trying to get more
of it into your pussy.  Julie slides the dildo out of your body
and holds it up to your face.  Your gag is untied and you find
yourself sticking your tongue out to lick the wet silver handle.
Julie lets you suck it into your  mouth and you lick it hungrily.
Now she takes it out and starts walking around your body.  You
have never been so hot and you plead with her to touch you.
"Oh yes", she says, "I'll touch you."
You feel a stab of panick in her tone and all of a sudden the
crop whistles down on your tender bottom.  You cry out at the
stinging sensation.  She strikes you again and again.   Her blows
are directed right onto your bottom and she continues the
punishment until you feel that your bottom is on fire.  Your legs
are still attached about two feet apart.  And being punished
while in this helpless position has turned you on even more.
Julie moves around you to strike your breasts lightly.  The
strokes  are not hard but they sting nonetheless.  She moves back
around behind you and for a moment nothing happens.  You are
hanging in your bonds, present only to the sensations running
through your body.  The anticipation is driving you crazy......
You  feel your  buttocks parted  again and  the smaller  dildo is
inserted again in  your rear.  From behind  Julie reaches between
your legs and reinserts the dildo for  your pussy.  When they are
both deeply seated in your body, she turns them on and they start
to vibrate.   You won't be able  to hold out for long.   The crop
strikes  your oversensitive  bottom and  you  cry out.   You  are
experiencing sensations in a way you thought was impossible.  The
vibrators in both your holes are vibrating against each other and
now  you feel  Julie's gloved  hand reach  around to  stroke your
soaking clit.   She pulls herself against your back  and you feel
the rear vibrator pushed in even  deeper by her body.  Her  other
hand reaches  the vibrator in  your pussy and she  starts pulling
and pushing  it in  long deep strokes.   It  is the  final straw.
Each  breath is coming in a gasp,  you are unable to talk but you
can cry  out.  You do so again and  again and again as wave after
wave of orgasm washes over you.  You are begging her  to stop and
begging her to continue.  It seems to on for hours but in fact is
probably only a few minutes.  When Julie finally lets you go, you
hang,  limply in your  bonds.  You  feel Julie's  wet gloved hand
grasp your chin  and lift your head so that you are looking right
into her eyes.  Her voice is barely a whisper, 'After a come like
that, your life will never be the same.' Julie's voice is low but
intense, 'I am going to be  taking charge of your sex life for  a
while.  Would  you like that?'  You feel your  heart leap to your
throat.  You are at once very nervous and very  excited.  You are
barely able to believe it when you hear yourself say 'Yes!'
Life in the Wild West
Story #26 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Although you were skeptical at first, now that we are on the
plane, heading to Colorado, the idea  of a dude ranch seems  kind
of  attractive.   I  have spent  the last  few weeks  showing you
brochures and talking you into the idea of spending a week in the
Wild West  riding horses  and breathing the  clean mountain  air.
The pressures  of work  have been unbearable  and the  thought of
spending time back with nature is too good to pass up.  The plane
ride is a couple of hours long and we have two seats next to each
other  on the half empty plane.   You immediately snuggle up next
to me  and I put my arm  around you.  Once we  have taken off and
are cruising  on our way, I reach around  you to fondle a breast.
"Mmmm", you murmur.  We haven't  had time to think about sex  for
awhile  and the  caressing is  appealing.   With my other  hand I
reach out  and undo  the top  button of  your blouse.   Then  the
second.  At the third  button, you start to get nervous  and as I
reach for  the fourth button  you instinctively reach up  to hold
your blouse  closed.   I  take your  hands and  gently hold  them
behind your  back as I loosen the fourth button.   I reach in and
gently pull at both of  your nipples.  As  I do so, your  breasts
are exposed  to the air.  "Arch your  back.", I whisper.  Despite
yourself, you  arch your back to more fully offer your breasts to
me.  I reach  down and bite each nipple  hard and then I  release
you.  You reach around and draw your blouse closer  together then
you go  to do up the buttons.   "No", I say softly,  "Don't do up
the buttons,  leave them open.  You  are nervous but you  do as I
ask.  Your breasts are covered  but the cleavage you now  present
goes  all the way  to your navel.   In a way  it is more exposing
than being naked.  Every  once in a while I reach over  to caress
you again.  I  play with your full breasts  or I slide a hand  up
under your  skirt to discover  your ever increasing wetness  or I
simply reach over to stroke your hair or your neck.  The constant
stimulation  continues to  turn you  on until  you are  literally
sitting in a puddle of excitement.   By the time the plane  lands
you are ready to  make love right in the airport  but instead, we
pick up our bags and get on the ranch bus.  I have allowed you to
do only the bottom two buttons  of your blouse and you blush  red
as  men stare openly at the expanse of flesh is exposed.  The bus
ride is not  long.  There  are 2 other  couples with you and  you
notice  that they are  young and attractive,  not at all  the old
retired types you expected.   The ranch itself is also a pleasant
surprise.   The  decor is  modern and  comfortable and  your room
contains  a huge bed as well as a well equipped bathroom complete
with hot-tub.  'This is going to be better than I imagined.', you
think to yourself as  you unpack.  I arrive in  the room a moment
later and you immediately slide  your horny body up against mine.
You have been turned  on all day and you beg for  me to allow you
some release.  I  smile at you as I stand you up.   "Not yet.", I
say in a  mischievous voice, "Don't you want to do some horseback
riding?"  "Uh uh.",  you say, "I want a different  kind of ride."
I'm still smiling as I  pull you out of the room  and towards the
stables.   You follow  reluctantly.  You  are still  wearing your
light blue skirt  and your blouse is still  revealingly opened to
show more than you  are comfortable with.   The stables are  well
appointed and  you admire the  various horses as we  look around.
One  of the  stable hands  introduces himself as  Jim.   "Are you
ready  to go sir?",  he asks me.   You look  at me questioningly.
Evidently,  something  has  been planned  here  in  your absence.
"Sure.", I say.  Four horses are  led out and I refuse to  answer
any of your questions.  "But I'm not even dressed to go riding.",
you protest.   "Shhhh", I reply.   The horses are saddled  up and
Jim and what must be his girlfriend mount up.  I help  you onto a
pretty mare and instruct you to sit,  not sidesaddle as you would
have liked  but astride the  horse thus placing your  naked pussy
directly  on  the  leather  of  the saddle.    The  warm  leather
immediately gets  slippery with  the juices  of your  overexcited
pussy.   We start out  across the empty  plain towards the nearby
hills.  The  feeling of the pommel of the  saddle rubbing against
your  hard  clit is  driving  you  to  distraction and  you  have
difficulty concentrating  on Jim's  steady patter  describing the
wilderness around  you.   After about  an hour,  you come  to the
hills and  shortly after that Jim and his  friend Peggy come to a
stop  beside a  little stream  in  a clearing.    The scenery  is
beautiful.  You are truly away from everything here.  You get off
your saddle, careful not to let  anyone see that you are  wearing
no underpanties  and you sit  down on the  grass to relax.   Your
mind is really on one thing and one thing only; Sex.  You see Jim
removing the saddles and  letting the horses relax also and a few
minutes  later, you are  all sitting in a  circle on your saddles
passing the canteen around  for a drink.  "So,",  says Jim, "this
is  your submissive lady."   You choke  on your drink.   Peggy is
looking right  at you and  smiling.  "Tell me.",  she asks, "What
have you made her do?"  "Well,", I say, "First of all, she is not
permitted to wear underclothes of any kind.  Secondly, I have had
her submit to  strange men and have exhibited her in public.  She
has had her pussy shaved, her nipples clipped, her bottom spanked
and has  been a  slave to both  men and  women."   "Mmmmm.", says
Peggy.  She stands up  and looks down at you.   She is wearing  a
chamois shirt and jeans and has leather riding boots on her feet.
In her right hand is her riding crop.  You feel your heart skip a
beat.  She is petite but she looks severe and her presence scares
you.   You know  that you  will have  little choice  but to  obey
everything she  asks of you.  Your hot  pussy is very present and
you hope that she won't discover it.  "Roll over on your belly.",
she says.   You roll  over on your  saddle so you  are face down.
Your feet and  hands are touching  the grass but  your bottom  is
raised and  presented to  your audience.   You feel a  tremor run
through your  body as  you realize that  you are  helpless before
her.  You feel the leather of her  crop slide up along your naked
calf and  catch the hem  of your skirt.   Very, very  slowly, she
raises the crop  and pulls your skirt higher  and higher until it
has uncovered  your long tanned  thighs.  The skirt  continues to
rise,  now revealing your  white tan line  and the  curve of your
buttocks and then finally  comes to rest in a  puddle around your
waist.    The  crop  now strokes  your  long  legs  carressingly.
"Spread them.",  she commands and  you hesitantly  let your  legs
fall open.   She encourages them further and  further apart until
you are completely exposed.  The  tip of the riding crop explores
the hot wet slit  of your pussy and  then stops.  You hear  Peggy
sit down and  you wait, passively, lying across  the warm leather
of  your saddle with your bottom upraised and completely exposed.
The three of us continue to talk about  you as I describe some of
the situations you have been  put in.  Your face blushes red as I
describe  what parts  of your  body are  most sensitive  and what
particular variations  you enjoy.   Peggy is  very interested  to
hear that you  have long nipples that love nipple  clips and that
you  enjoy being spanked hard.   "Stand up.", you hear Peggy say.
You stand  up before her  thankfully allowing your skirt  to fall
and cover you again.  Your respite is to be short-lived, however.
"Off with those clothes.", she  says.  Your fingers are trembling
as  you remove  your blouse  and skirt  and stand with  your head
bowed awaiting your next instruction.  Peggy leads you over  to a
nearby tree  and attaches  your hands together  in front  of you.
The end of  the rope is thrown  over a convenient branch  and you
feel yourself being stretched upwards.  She takes the opportunity
of your  helplessness to  pinch your sensitive  nipples with  her
gloved fingers.  Your ankles are tied next so that you are spread
eagled  in front  of  us.   Peggy  stands behind  you  and begins
running  her hands  across  your  body.   She  reaches around  to
squeeze your breasts.  You moan  out loud at the sensation.   One
of her leather gloved hands  runs down your belly to  stroke your
pussy.  The feeling of the  cool leather rubbing across your clit
has your whole  body twitch and she does it again and again until
you are  about to come.  She walks around  to in front of you now
and you look down to see that  she has a branch of nettles in one
hand.  You close  your eyes, hoping  that the nettles aren't  for
you.  Of  course they are.   You feel  the prickly frond  rubbing
gently across  your  left nipple.   It  is already  hard but  the
irritating nettles cause it to get  so tight that it aches.   The
right  nipple undergoes  the  same  treatment  and  although  the
rubbing  of  the  nettles  stops,  their  stimulation  continues.
Immediately you feel an itch in your nipples that you are begging
to scratch.  Your body squirms in its bonds and your pussy begins
to gush its juices.  You feel Peggy playing with your shaved slit
and  the tiny  sting of  the nettles  touches your  delicate pink
pussy lips.   She pulls back  the hood of  your clitoris to  make
sure  that it gets  its fair share  too.  The  stimulation is too
much for you.   You are now  panting in short ragged  breaths and
your whole body  is straining at the  ropes which bind you.   You
open your eyes to see Jim in front of you.  He is not wearing any
clothes and his cock is large and thick.  You look up  at him and
say, "Please."  He  smiles as he comes closer.   You feel the tip
of his cock touch your wet  pussy and he allows just the head  to
slide inside you.  You hold your breath waiting for him to thrust
into you,  to fill you up.  Peggy has moved behind you and all of
a sudden a searing pain strikes your bottom.  You body  is driven
forward and impales itself deeply on Jim's cock.  The riding crop
strikes again and the hot pain thrusts you forward again onto the
unyielding hardness of Jim.  The strokes  set the rhythm as Peggy
drives you forward  again and again.  Your  bottom is burning hot
by the time she is  done and you are crying out with every thrust
of Jim's body into yours.  Jim holds himself deep in  you without
moving.  You  feel him reach around  behind you and grasp  one of
your hot buttocks  in each of  his large rough  hands.  He  pulls
them apart to reveal your hidden hole and the  next sensation you
feel is Peggy's cool finger  as she lubricates your bottom.   Her
finger slides in and out of you and again she sets the rhythm  of
you pushing  yourself onto Jim's cock.   Her finger pulls out and
you feel the head  of my cock at your tiny  entrance.  Very, very
gently I  slide into  you  until you  feel my  belly pressing  up
against the heat  in your bottom.   You are more filled  than you
have ever been before in  your life.  Your hypersensitive nipples
are still stinging  slightly from the nettles as  they press into
Jim's hairy chest.   Your soaking pussy is stretched to the limit
by  Jim's thick organ  and your  hot bottom  is penetrated  by my
cock.  You feel  the two organs pushing and  pulling in alternate
strokes.  As  I push in,  Jim pulls out  and as I  pull out,  Jim
pushes in.  Your body takes up a steady rhythm between us as your
hips push harder and harder  forwards and backwards trying to get
more of us into you.  You turn your head to the side to see Peggy
with a camera  taking pictures but  by this time you  don't care.
Your orgasm starts from  the tips of your toes and  the depths of
your belly.  You start to scream out loud at the feeling, letting
yourself be consumed by it, letting  it use you and your body  as
you reach a peak and collapse into our arms.
The Special Reform School for Girls
Story #27 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It was 3  o'clock in the  afternoon when Lori arrive  at the
"Special  Reform School  for  Girls".    She  was  understandably
nervous.  The  excitement and fear  of coming  to this place  had
been building for  weeks.  It  had been almost  a month ago  when
Lori's parents  had sat  her down  for an  important talk.   Lori
remembered it like it was yesterday.  She  and her sister Roxanne
had  just received her weekly "punishment" from mom and dad.  Her
bottom was  stinging hot  and her  16 year  old pussy  was hotter
especially after the "pussy spanking" from Mom.
     "Lori", her father  said, "You're 16 years old  now and your
mother and I would like to discuss something with you.   We think
it is time in your development where you should be disciplined by
someone  from outside  of your  own  family.   You  know that  we
believe that  someone with  the proper upbringing  can go  far in
this world and therefore, we  have enrolled you into the "Special
Reform  School  for Girls"  for 3  weeks  of study.   As  you can
imagine from  the name, they  specialize in discipline."   Lori's
heart  was pounding  as her  mind began to  conjure up  images of
punishments  to be  received.    'What would  it  be like?',  she
wondered, 'to be spanked by a stranger!  "You will be going there
on the  15th of next month", her father said, "and you're younger
sister will  follow you  the week  after for  2 weeks  of study."
Lori started to  tremble at the  thought of what would  happen to
her while she was  there.  The next three weeks  were a jumble as
Lori tried not  to think about  her upcoming trip.   On the  last
night  the family had  its usual "punishment"  session and Lori's
was particularly long  and exciting.   Her mom  and dad told  her
that they would be driving her to the special school tomorrow and
that tonight  she and her mom would be  packing her things.  "You
won't   need  much.",  said   her  dad,  "They'll   be  providing
everything."  His  face held the hint  of a smile but  she wasn't
sure why.   When her mom  packed Lori's case, Lori  was surprised
that  it contained  so  few clothes.   "You  won't need  too much
dear.", she was told.  Her clothes for the next  day had been all
laid out.   She  was to  wear a  light cotton  sundress that  was
backless.   She was  to wear  shoes and  panties but  no bra  was
allowed.  It was almost a sleepless night for Lori.  She couldn't
get the strange  and exciting thoughts  out of  her head.   Being
punished was not  unknown to her.  Her  parents had been spanking
her for years but she had never been punished by a stranger or in
front of a stranger and the thought of that happening was at once
embarrassing and exciting.    The car  pulled past  the gate  and
into the courtyard.  It would hold perhaps 30 students when full.
The building  was  old and  slightly forbidding.   Lori  shivered
slightly as her mom and dad pulled  up to the door.  The three of
them went inside and were quickly  ushered into the office of the
principal.   Mr. Walson's  office  was very  large.   It had  two
leather chairs in front of his  desk and Lori's parents sat  down
in them  leaving her  to stand submissively  between them.   They
were not to  wait long.  Mr.  Walson entered a couple  of minutes
later.   "Good Afternoon.",  he said, "I  won't keep  you waiting
long.  Simply  sign these release forms turning  Lori over to our
care for three weeks and allowing us to discipline her as  we see
fit.  Lori's felt her heart racing.  Her palms were moist and she
was  sure that  everyone could  see her trembling.   A  few short
minutes later  it was done.  Lori was  now officially in the care
of  this strange  institution.   "We'll see  you in  three weeks,
Honey", said her mom.  Lori quickly  kissed her mom and dad good-
bye .  "Wait  here Lori while I see your  parents out.", said Mr.
Walson.  When  he returned he accompanied by an older woman.  She
was a matronly type with dark hair streaked with grey.  She had a
no-nonsense  look  about her  and  her  piercing  gaze made  Lori
immediately bow  her head to  look at the  floor.  "This  is Miss
Paltir.", said  the principal, "You  will be in her  charge while
you are  here."   "Follow  me  Lori.", said  the woman  and  Lori
dutifully followed her upstairs into a large tiled bathroom.  The
room was overlarge and more than  a little foreboding.  Lori took
a moment to look around.  There was a counter and sink off to the
left and some cabinets on the far side.  Commanding the center of
the room was an  old fashioned bathtub.  Off  to the right was  a
doctor's examining table.   The sight of the  metal stirrups made
Lori shiver again.  Miss Paltir now turned around and Lori looked
up to see  that what she  had been doing  was setting up a  video
camera!   Lori's  eyes widened  as  Miss Paltir  approached  her.
"Your entire stay here  will be recorded.", she said, "Now,  I am
going to prepare you.   come over here."  Lori  moved over beside
her and, as instructed,  stood up on a  small platform about  one
foot high  beside the bathtub.   "Remove your shoes.",  said Miss
Paltir.  Lori  did so now feeling  the cool feel of  the platform
against her bare  feet.  "Now the dress.", said  the stern woman.
Lori pulled the cotton sundress off over her head  leaving her in
only her white cotton panties.  Her hands went naturally to cover
her breasts but Miss Paltir wouldn't  permit it.  "No, keep those
hands  down.", she  said.  A  deep blush  hit Lori's face  as she
lowered her hands.   Her pert teenage breasts were now on display
for this strange woman.  Despite herself  she could feel her long
brown nipples  getting hard.   Miss Paltir staring right  at them
and  Lori  could see  her  smile  slightly  as she  watched  them
stiffen.   "Place your hands  behind your head young  lady.", she
said  and reluctantly Lori did  so.  The  older woman now reached
over to  grasp the waistband of  the young girl's panties.   Very
slowly, she  pulled on  them removing her  last defense.   Lori's
smooth  white bottom  and tan  line  were revealed  and then  her
triangle of brown  hair was uncovered.  A moment  later, Lori was
naked.   Lori  was mortified  as  the video  camera continued  to
impassionately record her ordeal.  "Turn around Lori.", said Miss
Paltir.  Lori  obediently turned full circle allowing Miss Paltir
to further examine her now naked body.  When her bottom came into
view, Miss Paltir  instructed her to  pause for  a moment.   Lori
felt the  cool hands  of the older  woman stroking  her buttocks.
"Mmmm perfect for  a spanking.", she murmured to  herself.  Then,
to  Lori's horror,  her buttocks  were spread  wide apart  by the
woman thus exposing  her most intimate opening.   A moment later,
Lori  was instructed  to continue  to turn  around until  she was
facing Miss  Paltir again.   Lori's hands  were still  behind her
head,  submissively offering herself to  the woman.  Leaving Lori
in this position, Miss Paltir now drew a hot bath and  filled the
tub with bubbles.  When the tub was full, Lori was told to get in
it.   She was not to be permitted to touch herself, she was told.
Miss Paltir began to wash her, paying particular attention to her
sensitive 34B breasts and between her legs.  Lori couldn't stifle
a moan  as Miss Paltir's  soaping hands lingered over  her pussy.
When she was  finished and had been  dried in a huge  bath towel,
she  was led  over to  the doctor's examining  table.   Her heart
began  to race  faster  as they  approached.   "Up  on the  table
Lori.", she was told. Slowly, she got  up on the table and lay on
her back feeling  the paper crinkle under her.  Her feet were put
into  the  cold stirrups  and fastened  there with  cloth straps.
Then  the stirrups were  adjusted far apart  to completely expose
her.  Straps  were attached to her  wrists and these  were pulled
above her head  and clipped to  the top of  the table.  Lori  was
left  like this, completely  helpless and  totally exposed.   She
started  to tremble  with the  anticipation of what  might happen
next.   She was getting more and more turned on and she knew that
her pussy was  soaking wet by now.   As though reading  her mind,
Miss Paltir looked down and  said, "You're going to get an  enema
young lady.   Have you ever had  one before?"  "Yes  Miss.", said
Lori  in a meek  little girl voice.   Miss Paltir  moved down now
between Lori's  outstretched  legs.    Lori felt  her  long  cool
fingers touching her there.  Her sensitive inner lips were pulled
apart to show the hot, wet interior.  Then they were  pulled back
to expose her  hard little clit.   When Miss  Paltir touched  it,
Lori's  hips jumped  and she  moaned softly.   Again  Miss Paltir
smiled.   Lori now  watched as she  took a tube  of lubricant and
applied a  liberal amount  of it to  her finger.   She  shuddered
thinking about what was  about to happen to her.   As Miss Paltir
approached her again,  Lori turned her head aside,  not daring to
look.  The cool touch of the lubricated finger on her anus caused
her to  clench her pale buttocks  but the stirrups kept  her open
and vulnerable  to the ministrations  of her mistress.   The long
slender  finger slid  slowly but  firmly into Lori's  hot bottom.
Lori let out a  moan as the finger buried  itself to the hilt  in
her sensitive ass.  Nor was Miss Paltir content to let her finger
lie idle.  It started moving in and out, slowly building a steady
rhythm as Lori's  hips started moving  up and down  of their  own
accord.   The finger  slowly withdrew leaving  Lori now breathing
heavily.  The  next sensation was the feel of the enema nozzle as
it slid slowly,  but deeply  into her.   The warm  rush of  water
followed immediately  after.  It  seemed to continue for  a long,
long time.  Lori felt her stomach getting  tighter and tighter as
the water filled her.  It was soon complete.  As the enema nozzle
was removed,  Miss Paltir quickly  replaced it with a  butt plug.
"Mmmppff", said  Lori.  She  had never had  such a device  in her
before.  It  was about 4  inches long and  thinner in the  middle
than at  the end.   When it  was inserted into  her, it  took her
breath  away as  her  anus  was  stretched  over  the  unyielding
plastic. Then her ass clenched over the thinner part of it and it
was  in.  Miss Paltir looked up at  her.  Lori's face was flushed
and she was  breathing in short ragged breaths.  "I'll be back in
a few minutes.", she said, "You need time to leave the water in."
She  left the  room quickly  leaving Lori  still attached  to the
table.  Lori was helpless  and particularly vulnerable.  She felt
a dire need to go to the bathroom but the butt plug prevented it.
The butt plug itself was holding her  ass open but tight.  It was
the most unique  feeling she had ever encountered  and she moaned
out loud as she pulled at her bonds.  Every second seemed like an
eternity as she waited for Miss Paltir to return.  In  reality it
was only  5 minutes or  so but it seemed  to Lori to  have lasted
forever.   When she returned Lori had  expected that she would be
immediately released but it was not to be so.  Miss  Paltir again
positioned herself between Lori's outstretched legs.  Lori looked
down to see her begin to remove  Lori's brown patch of pussy hair
with a razor.  "Oh no... Please don't.", she whimpered, pleading.
Her cries fell on deaf  ears as Miss Paltir quickly and  expertly
removed  all of her pubic hair thus leaving her more exposed than
ever.   The constant  touching of  Lori's pussy  kept her  on the
verge of  orgasm but  the experienced woman  would not  allow it.
Soon it was  done.  Miss  Paltir loosened her  bonds and led  her
over to the  toilet and had her sit down  before reaching between
her legs  to pull out  the butt plug.   Lori was  embarrassed but
relieved as it was removed.  She was not left by herself however.
Miss Paltir  stayed there,  watching everything as  did the  ever
present video camera.   Lori had never  been so humiliated.   She
was soon cleaned up  and Miss Paltir finally decided that she was
"ready".  Lori wasn't sure for what.  Leather cuffs were attached
to  her wrists and ankles and another thinner one around her neck
as  a collar.   She was  told that they  would remain on  for her
entire stay to  remind her of her  status.  She was  given a thin
cotton robe  to wear.   It was not  much more substantial  than a
hospital gown.   It came down to  just below her buttocks  and as
she looked down she could see that her brown nipples were clearly
visible  through the  thin fabric.    She was  not permitted  any
underwear or even shoes.  Her hands were fastened behind her back
and she  was then led out of the  bathroom and back downstairs to
the study.  The study or library was an interesting room.  It was
filled  with  leather chairs  and opulent  surroundings.   In the
center of the  room was  what looked like  a vaulting horse  from
school.   Lori suspected  that's its use  here was  probably very
different.  Over to  one side was the ever  present video camera.
As she was led  into the room, she saw Mr. Walson  again.  He was
sitting in  a comfortable  leather chair as  she approached.   He
looked  her up  and  down  carefully.   Lori's  face was  stilled
flushed from the  constant stimulation she had had  over the last
hour.   Her pussy  was, she knew  still moist  and hot.   She was
embarrassed to be on display like this in front of a stranger and
she found herself unable to look Mr. Walson in the eye.   "Remove
the gown.",  he said suddenly  in a deep  and stern voice.   Lori
felt a stab of fear strike her stomach.  Miss Paltir reached over
and undid her wrists and then in one quick motion pulled the robe
over her head leaving her again completely naked.  Her hands were
once again fastened behind her  leaving her now naked and exposed
in front of Mr. Walson.  Her  shaved pussy was now being seen for
the first time and her  hot pussy juices were clearly  visible on
the protruding  lips.  "Have  her over  the bench, if  you please
Miss Paltir", said the principal.  Lori felt herself being pulled
over the leather  vault.  Her bare belly and breasts pressed down
hard on  the cool leather.  Her  wrists and ankles were stretched
out taught and  attached to convenient clips  in the legs  of the
vault.  Her ankles  were pulled apart and once again  she blushed
as she  was exposed to Mr.  Walson and the camera.   She felt the
rough fingers of  Mr. Walson at her  rear and a moment  later one
was sliding into  her bottom, covered in lubricant.   Lori's toes
curled  as  the finger  worked its  way  into her.   It  was soon
removed and replaced by a larger  plastic intruder.  It felt just
like the butt plug that had recently filled her behind.  This one
was, however, different.   Mr. Walson reached down  and turned it
on.    The  rectal  plug  began  to vibrate,  sending  incredible
sensations up into Lori's already oversensitive body.  Lori cried
out at  the feeling.   She  looked behind  her and  saw that  Mr.
Walson was  holding a leather crop.  Lori  closed her eyes at the
sight.  The sound of the crop whistling through the air came just
before the searing  pain of it on  her behind.  The  strokes were
quick and  hard  and it  only  took a  couple before  tears  were
streaming down  Lori's face.   She opened her  eyes and saw  Miss
Paltir right beside her stroking her face.  Behind her Mr. Walson
was stroking her bottom.   The sensations were overwhelming.  The
vibrating plug  in her  anus, the hot  stinging sensation  in her
buttocks and Miss Paltir who now reached over to begin tugging at
Lori's long, aching nipples.   Behind her Mr. Walson inserted two
fingers  deep into  her pussy  as he  began toying with  the anal
vibrator.  It was too much.   Lori's whole body tightened and she
cried out loud  as her orgasm started  from the tips of  her toes
and raced through her.   Her pussy was on fire and she could feel
herself bucking against the bonds as she came.  Her ass  clenched
on  the  vibrator and  her  pussy  tightened  on the  penetrating
fingers  as she came  again and  then again  in the  most intense
sensation  she had ever encountered in her sixteen years.  As she
calmed down, she began wondering if it would be like this for the
entire three weeks!
The Training of Nicole
Story #28 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It was  about 7 o'clock  and everyone else had  already gone
home for the night.  As usual, I  was still at the office putting
in  a 12  hour day.   Tonight, however,  I had planned  a special
treat.   A young girl  I know only  18 years  old was on  her way
over.   She was not aware of what the  plans for the evening were
but  she knew that  it was me  who was going to  decide, not her.
Nicole is  a pretty girl,  18 years old, blond  hair.  She  has a
body kept  trim from  jazz ballet and  aerobics.   I had  met her
about a  year before and  had quickly come  to know that  she was
submissive.    She had  only  lost  her  virginity that  year,  I
discovered  and was  relatively  inexperienced.   However,  after
reading a couple of my stories, she had gotten hotter  and wetter
than she had ever  been in her life.  The thought  of being bound
and helpless before me  was a real turn on for her  and I was the
only man she knew who  was dominant in that way.   She arrived at
the office right on time  at 7:30.  I was sitting at  my desk and
she looked  just  like a  little girl  as she  peered around  the
corner of  the door  to my office.   "I'm  here.", she said  in a
hesitant voice.   "Come in  Nicole.", I  said.  She  moved slowly
into the room.   She stood in front of me  not knowing whether to
sit  or  stand  and  I ignored  her  for  a  moment, letting  the
anticipation build.  I  minute or 2 later, I stood  up and walked
around my desk.   "Stand absolutely still."  I said.  She  did so
and I noticed  her breathing quicken.  I walked around her slowly
looking carefully at  her body.   She was wearing a  yellow dress
that came  down to just above her knees.   The dress was backless
and it was obvious that she was wearing no bra as requested.  Her
long tanned legs  seemed to tremble a  bit as I stood  behind her
for a moment.  "Place your hands behind your head.", I said.  She
did so.  I  went over to the  chair in front  of my desk and  sat
down.  "Turn  around Nicole."  She  turned to face me.   Her face
was already red.  "I will require that you be completely obedient
tonight.", I said.  "Will you be a good girl?".  "Yes Sir.",  she
told me.  I smiled quietly.   I didn't say anything for a  moment
and I could see her getting  more and more excited wondering what
I would do next.  I had instructed Nicole to wear no panties that
evening and I was about to check.  I think that standing in front
of  me in just  her dress in  such a submissive  posture made her
very nervous indeed.  I had  never seen her naked and this  would
be the  first time.  "Come over here.",  I said.  She walked over
to me with her hands still firmly clasped behind her head.  "Turn
around.", I told her and she  began to turn full circle in  front
of me.   When  she was facing  away from me  I told her  to stop.
This seemed to excite  her even more.  Not did  she not know what
was coming next but she also  could not see it.  I waited  again,
letting the anticipation  build then I  reached down and  grasped
the hem of her dress.  I lifted it slowly, slowly  slowly letting
her  feel  every  inch as  it  crept  up toward  her  waist.   As
instructed,  she  was wearing  no  panties.    Her  smooth  white
buttocks came into view.  I tucked the hem into the  waistband of
her dress leaving  her bottom in plain  view.  "Cross your  hands
behind  your back.",  I said.   She did so  and I tied them there
with a  piece of  cord.  I  then stood  up and pulled  a straight
backed chair into the middle of  the room.  "Come over here.",  I
said, sitting  in  the  chair, "You  are  about to  get  an  old-
fashioned  spanking.   Nicole's grew  wide at  the thought.   She
hesitantly shuffled over  to me and bent over my lap.  I adjusted
her   so  that  her  bottom   was  perfectly  presented  for  her
punishment.  "Spread your legs Nicole.", I said.   She spread her
legs about 6".   "Wider.", I said.  She gave a little whimper and
spread her legs wider apart.  I smiled.  I began to spank her and
I could hear her gasp with every stroke.  I was not hitting hard.
This was more  a warm up than  a punishment and it  was certainly
having the desired  effect.  When  her bottom was  a rosy pink  I
stood her  up again and marched her to the corner of the room.  I
stood her in the corner and  made sure that her nose was  pressed
right into the corner of the office.  I untied her hands and told
her to raise them above her head.   I reached down and lifted her
dress right off  her in one smooth  motion.  I then had  her hold
her hands in front of her so  her bottom would be well displayed.
I left her there for about 15 minutes while I completed some work
on  my desk.    It must  have  seemed like  15  hours to  Nicole.
Finally, I stood up and left the room.  I arranged the conference
table in the next room to be ready for her.  I attached straps to
the  legs of the table  and placed a jar  of vaseline and a small
butt plug on the  corner.  I  had not brought  nipple clips so  I
took two paper clips  from a desk and left them there as well.  I
went back  into  my office  and took  another moment  to look  at
Nicole.    She  was  breathing  heavily.    Obviously  the  whole
experience of  the spanking and  of being so exposed  had excited
her.   I  moved up  behind her  and reached  around  to attach  a
blindfold over her  eyes.  She  moans softly and  I knew she  was
turned on.  I then turned her around and took  a step back.  This
was the first time I had seen her naked and I looked carefully at
her.   "Clasp your  hands behind your  head.", I told  her again.
She did  so, thus  exposing herself  totally to  me.   She had  a
beautiful body.   Her  B-size breasts were  firm and  topped with
thick pink  nipples that  would be perfect  for the  paper clips.
Her  pussy was as  blond as the hair  on her head  and it was not
plentiful.  She  didn't know it but she would not have any before
the end of the evening.  "Spread your legs.", I said.  She did so
and I  reached down to stroke her pussy.   It was already soaked.
She  couldn't contain  a moan and  when I  took my hand  away she
whimpered, "Please  don't stop."   I  smiled again.   I  tied her
hands in  front of her  and led her  from my office and  down the
corridor.  She was very nervous  since she couldn't see what  was
happening or even if we were alone.  I led her  to the conference
room and placed her beside  the table.  I helped her  to lay back
on the table so that her  ass was just over the edge.   I quickly
tied her in position.   Her knees were bent and tied as  were her
ankles so that she was spread wide apart.  Her hands were tied to
the  opposite side  of the  table so  that her  breasts flattened
against  her body.   I  reached down and  flicked at  the nipples
until they were hard as a rock and she was moaning.  Now I  moved
down between her legs  and sat down on  a chair.  I was  right in
front of her soaked pussy.  "What does this feel like Nicole?", I
asked her.  She had read the first 5 stories of my series and the
position she was in was very deliberate.  Her voice was just like
a little girl's  as she answered, "Like I'm at the doctor's being
examined."  I reached  down to grasp the sensitive inner  lips of
her pussy.   I pulled them  out and wide apart  until she was  as
exposed as  possible.   She gasped  as she  was spread  open.   I
pulled just  a little more until it must  have been just a little
painful.   I watched her toes curl at the  sensation.  I held her
there for a moment, letting her wonder what would happen next.  I
bent down  and very, very  gently blew warm  air across  her hard
little clit.  "Oooooo.", she moaned.  I let go and stood up.  Now
I moved back over to her side and got the paper clips.  They were
not strong enough to hurt her, but she would definitely know they
were there.   I  pulled her nipples  hard while I  attached them.
The sensation of  the clips drove her  wild.  She was  pulling at
her  bonds and  moaning constantly  at the  stimulation.   Now, I
moved back between  her legs and  took the  vaseline.  "Have  you
ever had  your bottom penetrated  Nicole?", I asked.   "No.", she
said.  "Not  even by a  finger?", I asked her.   "No Sir,  not by
anything."   I  sat down  again  and took  a generous  amount  of
vaseline on my finger.  She jumped at the cool touch of it on her
pink anus and I slowly slid the lubricated finger into her.   She
was hot and  very tight.  As the finger slowly filled her bottom,
I  heard her moan.   I did not  let the finger  stop moving.  For
several minutes I slid it in and out.  Several times I added more
lubricant.   Her pussy was really soaked  now and the juices from
it trickled down her  crack to add to the lubrication.   Her hips
were moving up and  down to the rhythm and I knew  that if I kept
it up she  would eventually come this  way.  I removed  my finger
and picked up  the butt plug.   It was not  a large one.   It was
about  4" long and  like most butt  plugs, thicker  in the middle
than  at either  end.  It  had a  "T" shape at  the end  so as to
prevent it from  disappearing inside of her.  I  touched her anus
with the cool plastic and she started to moan.  "MMMmmmm, What is
it?", she asked  as I introduced the  plug into her slowly.   Her
whole body tightened as the thickest part of plug entered her and
then it  was in.   The feeling  of being  held open  by the  plug
excited her immensely.  It was now  time for her shaving.  I took
a pair of scissors and gently removed the bulk of her curly blond
hairs.  I then took  a towel that had been soaking  in warm water
and laid it  over her pussy to  soften the hairs that  were left.
She  gasped  at  the heat.    I  waited a  few  minutes  and took
advantage to play  with the plug in  her bottom and the  clips on
her  nipples.  Her  hips were moving up  and down from excitement
and I told  her to not move.   I took the towel  away and covered
her  pussy in shaving  cream.  Taking  a Bic razor,  I neatly and
quickly shaved the entire area right  down to her anus.  She  was
so turned  on by this  point that  she didn't care.   When I  was
finished, I reached up to remove her blindfold.  I held  a mirror
between her legs and  let her look at the job.  She could see her
naked pussy  lips and  lower down the  white plastic of  the butt
plug  still   inside  of   her.    Her   face  turned   red  from
embarrassment.  She  closed her eyes and let  her head fall back.
I smiled again, her training was proceeding perfectly.  I reached
down and slowly rubbed baby  oil into her now shaven pussy  lips.
I pulled them and  lubricated them and made sure  that every part
of her was slippery.  She was close to coming and I knew that she
deserved it.  I reached down and pulled her lips wide  apart just
like I had  earlier and then bent down to blow softly on her hard
little clit.  She was moaning louder and louder now and, finally,
I  bent down to pull her  clit into my mouth.   My tongue flicked
back and  forth and she  began to scream as  she came.   I didn't
stop as her body pulled frantically at the ropes, I  continued to
keep  her coming  and coming  as I  licked and sucked  her little
clit.   A little  while later,  she was  unbound and  back in  my
office standing  in front of my  desk.  I was sitting  at my desk
just looking at  her.   She was looking  down submissively and  I
knew that it had been a  good first session.  I had  her describe
the entire  evening's session  and tell me  exactly what  she had
liked and  disliked.  She told me that  the most exciting and the
most humiliating part had been the shaving of her pussy.  I liked
that.   She  also informed me  that she was  surprised at herself
that she  had enjoyed  both being spanked  and having  her bottom
penetrated.  I listened to all of her comments before  giving her
instructions"You are to wear no panties  tonight or tomorrow.", I
said.  "Also, tomorrow before you go to school, you are to insert
the  butt  plug  and  wear  it until  you  arrive  here  tomorrow
afternoon.  I will remove it for you.  You are to keep your pussy
shaved  from  now on  Nicole.    It  is  a symbol  that  you  are
submissive."  "Yes, Sir.", she  said meekly.  "Alright,", I said,
you may go."  "Sir?",  she said.  "Yes?"   "Thank you Sir.,  that
was the most exciting moment of my life."   "Good Night Nicole.",
I said as she walked out the door.
Lori and Rox meet at a Special School
Story #29 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It had been a full week since Lori's arrival at  the Special
"Reform School for Girls".  She had experienced seven of the most
unbelievably exciting  times of her  life.  Most exciting  of all
was  the countless ways  she had been  disciplined.  Lori  was no
stranger to being spanked  by her parents but  here she had  been
punished in a variety of ways, each more  exciting than the last.
As  she  woke   up  today  and  began  arranging   her  room  for
"inspection", she began  to wonder what today's  activities would
bring.  Her clothing was simple and the same every day.  She  was
allowed to wear a  light cotton dress that came down  half way to
her knees.   It had buttons that  went all the way  down the back
and allowed the  garment to be  quickly removed or opened.   Like
all the  other girls there,  Lori was allowed neither  panties or
bra.   Her  feet were  also  kept bare.    The feeling  of  being
barefoot seemed  to Lori  to be  more submissive  than everything
else.  "I  wonder what  they'll do to  me today?", wondered  Lori
aloud.  The  thought began to get  the 16 year old  girl excited.
She could  feel herself begin to get hot and  wet and it was only
morning!
     The door opened and Miss Paltir walked into the  room.  Miss
Paltir  had been  in  charge  of  Lori's  development  since  her
arrival.   Lori  immediately assumed  her 'submissive  position'.
She got down on her knees and spread them wide  apart.  Her hands
were clasped behind her head with  the elbows well back.   Lori's
eyes were cast downward submissively.  "Good Morning, Lori", said
the stern older woman.  "Good Morning, Miss", replied Lori.  This
was the way that  every morning had started since the  first day.
Lori's submissive  nature was  being reinforced  until it  became
second nature to  her.   The sexual excitement  that she felt  at
being this way  was all part of the training her parents had sent
her here  to receive.   "Come with me  Lori.", said Miss  Paltir.
Lori quickly rose to her feet and followed the older woman out of
the room, padding barefoot behind her.  She was led into what she
had come to know as the "preparation room".  It  was a small room
attached directly  to the large  salon where all of  the training
sessions of  Lori and the  other girls took  place.  It  was here
that  the  teenage girls  undressed and  were prepared  for their
sessions.  Often they  had leather  cuffs  and collars  attached.
Lori had twice been brought in here to prepare other young  girls
and had assisted  in undressing them and putting  their cuffs on.
She  had once been  ordered to lubricate  the bottom  of a pretty
fifteen year old girl.  She remembered that as one of the hottest
experiences  of her  life.   Just walking  in here  caused Lori's
heart to beat faster.  She could feel her juices begin to flow as
her  pussy got  uncomfortably warm.   "Remove your  dress Lori.",
said Miss  Paltir.  Lori pulled  the thin garment over  her head.
"Turn  around.", said the  older woman.   Obediently, Lori turned
until her back  was facing her stern  guardian.  Lori  heard Miss
Paltir  moving  behind her  and  her  anticipation  grew  as  she
wondered what would come next.   A blindfold suddenly covered her
eyes and was attached in position.   Her hands were pulled behind
her and tied  so that her  right wrist was  attached to her  left
elbow and her left wrist attached to her right elbow.  It was not
uncomfortable but it forced Lori to arch her back thus presenting
her naked  breasts more prominently.   Even her pussy  was pushed
forward by  the position.  She  imagined what she must  look like
with her hard pink nipples pressing outward and her smooth shaven
pussy lips prominently displayed.   Her pussy was already wet and
she imagined her  master or mistress looking down to  see the hot
juices  on the  smooth lips of  her slit.   The thought  made her
hotter  still.   She felt  the long  cool fingers of  Miss Paltir
pinching and  pulling at  her nipples, making  them harder  still
until they ached  to be touched.  Lori couldn't contain a moan at
the  sensation.  Now the hand moved  slowly down Lori's belly all
the way to  her pussy and sliding  into her to find  her wetness.
Lori blushed at how wet she  was.  The hand stopped touching  her
and Lori was left to  stand still for a  moment.  She could  feel
her anticipation building.  She heard the door open  and a large,
rough hand took her by the  arm and led her into the main  salon.
She followed obediently, still blindfolded.   She had no idea who
was in the room today.  It might have been only the principal, Mr
Walson or it might have been  full of people.  She had no  way of
knowing!  She was led across the carpeted floor and told to stand
still.  She stood there  quietly wondering what would happen next
and feeling herself get wetter and wetter.  With her arms crossed
behind her, she was totally exposed and displayed for whoever was
in the room.   It was not a  long wait, perhaps five  minutes and
she heard the door to the  side room open again.  Someone  walked
towards her  and she  heard Mr. Walson  telling someone  to stand
still.   Now Lori  felt long cool  fingers touching  her breasts.
Her nipples were still hard and Lori moaned softly  at the touch.
The fingers  grasped her left nipple  and pulled it  out from her
body.   Lori  felt  the cool  sensation of  a  nipple clip  being
attached  to her  body.  It  pinched her  firmly.  She  could not
contain a moan  at the delicious sensation.  Her other nipple was
soon  also  in the grips  of the pinching  device.  From just  in
front of her Lori heard a sharp intake  of breath and a soft moan
as the girl in front  of her had nipple clips attached to her own
nipples.  Lori  now felt a hand  moving down her belly  to stroke
her now, soaking pussy.  She moaned again and then blushed as she
heard the moan of the girl in front of  her.  They were obviously
undergoing simultaneous treatment!  Lori's pussy was  so wet that
her juices  were literally  dripping down her  thighs.   She knew
that  with her  back arched  like  this, her  pussy was  wantonly
displayed, covered  in her  juices.  She  felt two  fingers slide
deep into her hot pussy and  she pushed her hips forward  against
the intruding hand.   The girl  in front of  her was now  moaning
continuously.  Lori, now heard the voice of Mr. Walson, "Alright,
now attach them.",  he said.  The  fingers were removed and  Lori
felt herself  being pulled forward.   Her nipples were  pulled by
the clips  and she suddenly  realized that her nipple  clips were
now  attached to the  girl in front  of her!  She  could feel the
girl  pulling  gently on  them  and the  feeling  was incredible!
"Spread your legs girls.", said Mr. Walson and Lori and the other
girl obediently did so.  Lori had never been so embarrassed.  She
had no idea to whom she was  now attached or who was now  sharing
the identical sensations  to her!  A hand  reached between Lori's
legs and she felt the soft  plastic of a dildo being pushed  into
her pussy.   Lori  bent her knees  slightly to allow  them easier
access to  her.  The feeling of the  dildo was strange until Lori
realized that it was also  attached to the other girl!   It was a
long double dildo and the girls were now impaled on either end of
it.   As if  that were not  enough stimulation for  her, Lori now
felt her buttocks being spread  apart by the anonymous fingers of
someone in the  room.  A long, slim finger  gently lubricated her
bottom.   Lori could  feel the girl  in front of  her shifting as
squirming as the  same was being done to her.  Now the finger was
removed and Lori  felt the much thicker sensation of  a butt plug
being inserted.  It pushed in slowly but firmly and  continued to
press  inward  until  she  was   completely  filled.    The  hand
controlling this intruder  continued to work the plug  in and out
slowly forcing Lori forward on the  dildo in her pussy until  her
shaved lips  pushed against  those of her  companion.   They were
shaved too!   The  two girls were  soaking and  the sensation  of
being filled  and  grinding against  the  other girls  pussy  was
electric!   Lori was  now whimpering as she  took in short ragged
breaths.  She knew she was close to coming and she also knew that
it would be  unlike anything she had ever experienced.   The anal
dildo was  pulled out for  a moment and  when it  was reinserted,
Lori now felt something  new.  There was some kind  of hot lotion
on the plug!   The sensations coursing through her  body were now
everywhere.   The nipples  were being pinched  by the  clips, her
pussy was  both filled  to capacity and  her hot clit  and shaven
pussy lips were grinding against a strange  girl's.  Her anus was
held open and was  being stimulated by  the sting of hot  lotion.
It was becoming too much and too make matters worse, (or better!)
every sensation she felt was magnified by being  able to feel the
reactions  of the  girl in front  of her.   Lori felt  the person
behind her pulling  her shoulders gently backward to increase the
tension on her nipples.  Lori knew she wasn't going to be able to
hold out much longer.  Hands reached up to undo her blindfold and
now Lori opened  her eyes to look  ahead at who she  was attached
to.   It was her  sister Roxanne!   Rox looked as stunned  as she
was, but neither  of them cared, Lori was humping forward as hard
as she could and she leaned back feeling the bite of the clips on
her nipples as she  began to come.   Rox was coming too  and they
cried out with  one voice as their orgasms reached a peak.  Again
and again they came while pushing against each other.  Lori  felt
her sister's body shake and tremble as another wave of orgasm hit
her  again.  It  seemed to go  on forever.  Finally  it was over.
Lori's  legs felt  like rubber  as the butt  plug and  the double
dildo  slid out of  her.  The  nipple clips were  removed and the
girls  were allowed  to  kneel  on the  floor  together in  their
"submissive" positions.   As they looked up there  was the second
shock of the  day.  Mom and  Dad were sitting there  right in the
room!   They had seen  the whole thing.   "We're very  happy with
their progress Mr Walson.", said  Lori's mom, "Please keep up the
good work."  Lori glowed as her parents smiled at her.   This was
certainly the best summer vacation she had ever had.  And she had
two more weeks to go!

The Interview
Story #30 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

     Sharon  had been  having these  strange  feelings about  her
sexuality for years.  She had always fantasized about things that
would be considered  "kinky" by most of  her friends.  Now,  here
she was in a situation  that only a few months ago she  could not
have  imagined.   It  all started  when  she and  Marge  had been
talking about each other's fantasies.   Sharon had gone first and
she had  shared her innermost  feelings.  Marge was  very intent,
listening to Sharon describe how  she had always wondered what it
would be like to be totally submissive to a man.  Marge asked her
if  she had any  experience in dominant/submissive relationships.
Sharon blushed as she described how she had once been tied  up by
an ex-boyfriend and  how he had spanked her also.  Marge asked if
it had been exciting for her and  Sharon said yes.  Marge smiled.
Sharon's face was flushed as  she finished her story and demanded
that Marge reciprocate.  Marge  smiled and said that her favorite
fantasies were also about submission.  Sharon's eyes opened wide.
Marge told Sharon that only  recently had she done anything about
it and  that she  now knew  a  wonderful "Master".   "Wow!,  said
Sharon, "And he's always dominant?".   "Sure", said Marge, "I get
to live  out my  submissive fantasies totally  with him.   Sharon
felt herself getting excited and she shifted uncomfortably in her
chair.   "Would you like  to meet  him?", asked Marge.   Sharon's
eyes opened wide  at the question.   "What would I have  to do?",
she asked in a small voice.  Marge just smiled, "You'd have to be
completely submissive.   If you want to  meet him, he'll give you
an interview and  he'll find out if you're  submissive enough for
him.   The interview was  one of the  most exciting events  of my
life.  I was  never so open  or vulnerable as  that day!"   "What
happens  in the  interview?", asked  Sharon.   "I  shouldn't tell
you.", smiled Marge, "It would take away all the fun."  There was
a long moment of silence.  Sharon's mind was racing.  Part of her
told her  to grab  the opportunity and  part of  her told  her to
forget it.    Finally she  looked up  at Marge.    Her voice  was
quivering as  she gave  her answer,  "I'd like to  try it.",  she
said.  "O.K.", said Marge, "You can expect a call in the next few
days.  The  name is Sir  Robert."  Sharon  barely remembered  the
rest of the day.  For the next couple of days, in  fact, her mind
couldn't get off what was going to happen to her.   Her days were
filled with the anticipation of waiting for "the call".  Finally,
3 days later, it came.   A woman's voice was at the  other end of
the line.    "Is your  name Sharon?",  she asked.   "Yes.",  said
Sharon, "Sir Robert has granted you  an interview.  I am to  give
you  your instructions.   Are  you  ready?"   Sharon's heart  was
beating a  mile-a-minute.   "Yes, I am.",  she whispered.   "Very
well, you  are to  arrive at  the Holiday Inn  Hotel and  present
yourself at room  210 at exactly  2pm Saturday.   Do not be  late
under any circumstances.  You are to wear a light sundress.   You
are forbidden to  wear a bra, stockings  or panties.  You  are to
wear your dress and your shoes, nothing more.  Do  you understand
your instructions?"  "Yes I do.", said Sharon.  "You may say, Yes
Miss.", said  the anonymous  voice sternly.    "Yes Miss.",  said
Sharon before she could  even think about  it.  "Very well  then,
goodbye.", she said.   Sharon hung up  the phone.  Her  heart was
beating hard  and her  palms were  moist as  she sat  down.   She
leaned back in her chair and closed  her eyes.  She let her hands
glide down her body, feeling its heat.  She had never in her life
imagined that  she would do  something like this  and now  it was
really happening.   She let her  hands slide into  her shorts and
down under  her panties.  Her pussy was  soaking.  She started to
play with herself, letting her hands slide into her pussy and rub
the hot juices  into her already  hard clit.   Her hips moved  of
their own  accord  as  she  imagined  a  stranger  touching  her,
entering  her, holding  her open  for his  inspection.   One hand
moved  up  to her  nipples and  she  pinched them  tightly.   The
feeling was wonderful and she squeezed them harder than she would
normally wondering  if they would  be punished also.   Her orgasm
was not long in  coming and it was a powerful one.  For the first
time ever, Sharon cried out loud while she was coming.   The next
couple of  days passed in a  blur for Sharon  as Saturday quickly
approached.  She couldn't keep  the thoughts of what might happen
from her mind and she seemed to be in a constant state of arousal
thinking about it.  And now, here she was, standing in front of a
hotel room  door wondering if  she should actually knock  or not!
She  had dressed  early after  carefully taking  a long  bath and
cleaning herself  from head to  toe.  She  was now in  her yellow
cotton sundress.  It was a pretty dress that showed off her brown
curly  hair  well.   As  instructed  she  was wearing  no  bra or
panties.   The  feeling of  traveling to  the hotel  with nothing
under her dress had been a little unnerving.  She kept looking at
every man who  walked past her wondering if he  could see through
her dress, wondering  if he  knew that she  was on  her way to  a
Master.   Now, she  stood in  front of  the door  with her  palms
moist, her nipples hard and her pussy hot and wondered what would
happen  when she  knocked.  Closing  her eyes  and taking  a deep
breath,  she reached up and knocked on the door.  It was opened a
moment later moment  later by a stunning  blond woman.  At  first
Sharon thought she  had the wrong room.  She started to back away
mumbling an  apology when  the  woman said,  "Follow me  Sharon."
Startled,  Sharon moved into  the hotel room.   She looked at the
other  woman as  she turned and  closed the  door.  She  was very
tall, perhaps 5'11" and was dressed  in a light summer dress that
came down to about halfway to her knees.  Her figure  was perfect
and her face beautiful.  Sharon  looked at her face and saw  that
this was a no-nonsense sort  of woman.  Sharon waited expectantly
in the  entranceway for instructions.  The  woman took her by the
arm and brought  her over to the  window.  She was  faced looking
out of the  full length  window and  told to remain  still.   The
feeling of  knowing that someone  was behind her while  she stood
there was very unnerving.  Suddenly Sharon realized that standing
this way made her dress almost transparent  from the rear!  A hot
blush   hit  her  cheeks  as  she  stood  passively  waiting  for
instructions.  She  was made to wait for a couple of minutes, not
daring  to turn around before a deep male voice began speaking to
her.  "My name is Sir Robert, Sharon", he said, "You  may address
me  as Sir  Robert or  Sir."  "Yes  Sir", said  Sharon in  a meek
voice.  Sir Robert continued,  "I am going to be  conducting your
interview.    I  want you  to  know  that you  may  not  pass the
interview and  may be unsuitable for serving  me.  Now, before we
begin I want you to spread your legs wide apart."  Sharon blushed
again as  she followed the  instructions.  She knew  that whoever
was behind her was getting a perfect view of her legs through the
dress.   It seemed silly considering that  she expected to end up
without even  the dress  before they were  done, but,  oddly, she
felt more naked with the dress on.  Sir Robert now began asking a
long series of questions.  They started off very normally, asking
her birthday,  her measurements.   She was asked to  describe the
schooling she  had received  as well as  the work  experience she
had.  She  found herself answering honestly and  completely.  The
questions steadily got more personal.  "At what age did  you lose
your virginity?", asked Sir Robert.  Sharon told him that she had
been  15.   "Have  you ever  made  love to  a woman?",  he asked.
Sharon stuttered on her reply that she had not.  Sir Robert asked
for complete history of what  kinds of sexual experiences she had
had and what parts of her body  turned her on the most.  She  was
embarrassed to describe  how she masturbated and when  Sir Robert
asked if she had ever used  her finger in her behind while  doing
so, she stammered out her answer.   She answered a long series of
questions on what types of submissive experiences she had enjoyed
and what  types of  submissive fantasies she  had.   Finally, Sir
Robert  asked her  the last  question, "Are  you now  prepared to
serve me?"  Sharon didn't hesitate.   "Yes", she blurted.  Sharon
heard  some movement  behind her  and  then felt  the fingers  of
someone (Was it the woman or the man?) pulling her dress up.  She
raised  her hands  and in a  moment she  was naked.   She was now
standing in full view of anyone  looking at this room on the  2nd
floor  of the Holiday Inn with absolutely  no clothes on!  Sharon
had never been  so excited.  She  felt she would do  anything for
these people.  "Alright Sharon, now masturbate yourself."  Sharon
jumped at  the command.  Her  hand hesitantly moved to  her pussy
and found it  drenched!  Her juices were  literally dripping down
her  thigh.   She slid  two fingers  into  her pussy  and started
moving them in and out.   She was unable to  stifle a moan.   The
woman  instructed her  to bend forward  a little  to give  them a
better view and Sharon did so,  her face and breasts were  almost
touching the glass  of the window now.   She was hotter  than she
had ever  been in  her life  and her  hand  was moving  furiously
between her  legs.   She was breathing  in short  ragged breaths.
She started  to feel the  beginnings of the most  powerful orgasm
she  had ever  experienced when  all of  a sudden  her  wrist was
grabbed  by the  woman and pulled  away from  her pussy.   It was
pulled back  and quickly fastened  to her other wrist  behind her
back.  Sharon  moaned in frustration, "Please let  me come?", she
begged.   Her  heat was  incredible  she was  desperate to  touch
herself.   "No, Sharon", said Sir  Robert, "You will  come when I
tell you  not when you  please."   Sharon moaned again,  her hips
were still  writhing back and  forth hoping to find  something to
rub against.  Sharon felt  the other woman attaching nipple clips
to her  large brown nipples.  They pinched  her hard but were not
really painful.   The woman had Sharon  go down on her  knees now
and  then  bent her  head forward  until  it was  resting  on the
carpeted floor.  She was instructed to keep her knees wide apart.
She  felt  her  bottom  being  stroked  and  the   sensation  was
wonderful.  The long cool fingers  of the woman stroked the crack
of her  ass and then  gently and firmly pulled  her buttocks wide
apart to completely expose her  tiny rear opening.  Sharon moaned
again as she  felt herself opened.  A finger  cool with lubricant
now slid  into Sharon's bottom  and she gasped at  the sensation.
The finger moved  slowly all the way  into her and then  slid out
deliciously.  She felt  her hips move of their own  accord as she
pushed back  against the finger trying to get  more of it in her.
The finger  was removed and  Sharon moaned in  frustration again.
The  next  sensation was  that of  a  small butt  plug as  it was
inserted  in her rear.  Sharon had  never felt anything like this
and she gave out a little  whimper as the thick part of  the plug
pushed into her.  The feeling of  being held open like that was a
constant  stimulation  for   the  already  over-stimulated  body.
Sharon heard Sir Robert chuckling at her.  She felt a large manly
hand reach between her  legs to feel her heat.   Two fingers slid
quickly  into  her pussy  and  she  cried  out at  the  wonderful
feeling.  They  were quickly removed however.   The two dominants
now stood up leaving the hot submissive on her knees.  Sharon was
hoping for relief.   She moaned and whimpered as she  knelt there
with her filled  bottom on display.  "You are going to be spanked
now,  Sharon.", said  Sir Robert,  "Are  you ready?"   "Yes  Sir,
please.", gasped  Sharon.  Sharon  felt the leather  paddle being
rubbed on her smooth buttocks and then felt the rush of air as it
struck her bottom.  The pain was sharp but not unbearable and the
heat that it generated added to her stimulation.  She was moaning
constantly and  pushing her buttock back  up to the  paddle as it
landed.  The spanking  stopped for a moment and she  felt a large
vibrator being  slid into  her soaking pussy.   The  vibrator was
turned on and off intermittently.   She was kept close to  coming
but whenever  she was close, the action  would stop and she would
be kept  quivering.  Finally,  the spanking ended.   Her buttocks
and upper thighs  were hot  and stinging.   The  juices from  her
pussy were  now dripping down  her legs and Sharon  was delirious
with desire.  She was ordered to turn around and suck her Master.
She did so  eagerly, now pulling his large manhood into her.  The
vibrator in her  pussy was turned on  and off.  Whenever  she was
close to coming  it would stop.  She was kept in a constant state
of arousal.  Her tongue ran up and  down it and she let him slide
all the way  to the back of  her throat, something she  had never
allowed a man to  do before.  His orgasm was  not long in coming.
She swallowed his come in large gulps, determined to catch it all
and please her Master.   Then Sir Robert ordered her  to suck the
other woman.  She was sitting on a chair with her legs spread and
Sharon didn't even  hesitate in leaning over to  slide her tongue
into the hot, wet woman.  She  quickly brought the other woman to
orgasm delighting in the feeling  of being able to please another
person like that.   "Now, I am going  to let you come,  my little
slave.", said Sir Robert.  "Oh thank you, Sir", said Sharon.  She
was desperate  to come.   The sensations in her  nipples, her ass
and pussy were indescribable.   Every movement she made turned on
a different  part of her.   "You  will be entertaining  more than
just myself.", said her Master.  "Go over to the window  and move
forward until your nipple clips  are touching the glass."  Sharon
did so, feeling  the hot flush  on her face  of exposing  herself
this way.   The  vibrator was turned  on again  and she  felt two
hands reach  around to grasp  the clips on her  sensitive nipples
and  pull on them.   Another hand  reached down to  begin playing
with the intruder in her ass and it was that last  sensation that
was finally too  much.  Sharon's whole body began to shake as she
let herself be consumed  by the orgasm.  It took  over all of her
and she would have fallen down if she had not been held up by the
other two.  Her ass clenched hard on the anal dildo and that sent
her into another spasm of orgasm.  It seemed to  go on forever as
one sensation after another triggered another peak.  Several long
minutes  later she  was curled up  on the  floor at  her Master's
feet, drained by  the experience.  It  had been the  most intense
experience of her  life and Sharon  knew that  this was only  the
beginning.
Lori's last day at the Special School for Girls
Story #31 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     When Lori woke  up, her first thought was,  'Today's my last
day'.  After three full weeks, it was  to be her last full day at
the special Reform School  for Girls.  She was filled  with mixed
emotions at the thought.  Each day for the last three weeks, Lori
had  undergone intense training and discipline in her development
as a young submissive.  She had experienced things that she never
would have even dreamed  of before her arrival.   She had thought
that  she  was  knowledgeable  in  the  area  of  punishment  and
discipline  before she arrived but it  was know clear to her that
she had been naive and innocent compared to what she had learned.
The last three weeks had been the most exciting time of Lori's 16
year old life.  They had  also been the most embarrassing.   Each
new day of punishment or "treatment" filled her with dread as she
was enticed and forced to push past the limits of her submission.
So leaving tomorrow  morning was a mixed blessing.   On one hand,
she  would miss  the excitement  of the  treatments she  had been
receiving.    On the  other  hand,  it  would certainly  be  more
comfortable being  home and frankly,  she missed being  home with
her family.
Lori got up quickly and did her morning preparations for the day.
Although she  had anticipated  that things  today  would be  much
different from usual, she was surprised and a little disappointed
that they  were not.   Miss Paltir,  her guardian,  found several
things wrong during inspection and  Lori was turned over her knee
for  a  spanking.   When  her bare  bottom  was red,  Miss Paltir
inserted the  standard  punishment butt  plug which  Lori had  to
where until lunch  time.  It was  uncomfortable, but by no  means
the worst  that she had  received since being here.   Immediately
after lunch,  Miss  Paltir brought  Lori  upstairs to  her  room.
"Remover  your dress  Lori.", she  said.   Lori  pulled the  thin
cotton dress over her  head and folded it neatly on  her bed.  As
per school regulations,  she was wearing neither  panties nor bra
and was now completely available  as she knelt in her 'submissive
position' with her knees wide  apart and her hands clasped behind
her head.  Miss Paltir ordered Lori to her feet and led her naked
out of her room  and down the corridor to the bathroom.  Lori had
never gotten  used to  this.   There was  always  someone in  the
hallway and she always blushed when someone looked at her walking
submissively  behind her  mistress.   In the  bathroom, Lori  was
first ordered onto  the doctor's examining table.   Her feet were
fastened to the stirrups which  were adjusted far apart to expose
her shaved pussy.   Her hands were tied  to the top of  the table
thus stretching her out in a most  inviting manner.  Lori was not
bound to the table because Miss Paltir was afraid  that she would
get  up.   Her  bondage  was  simply  a reinforcement  of  Lori's
submission.   Miss Paltir knew that  she would pull at  her bonds
over the next few minutes but she also knew that the sensation of
pulling at them helplessly would  add to Lori's excitement.  Miss
Paltir moved down to between Lori's legs  and looked at her.  The
white plastic butt  plug was still sticking out  of Lori's bottom
and she reached down now to pull it gently from her.  Lori gasped
as the anal intruder  pulled out leaving  her feeling open and  a
little empty  down there.  The plug was  put aside as Miss Paltir
put a towel  that had been soaked  in hot water on  Lori's shaved
pussy.  Lori's his squirmed a little as the hot towel was laid on
her sensitive skin.  The hot towel was left there for a couple of
minutes  then replaced  by another.   Lori's  pussy began  to get
uncomfortably warm  under the towel.  She could feel her own heat
rising to  meet that  of the towel  and she  knew that  her pussy
juices  were starting  to flow.   (If the  truth were to  be told
though, Lori had been wet almost  all the time since she  arrived
in this place.)  Miss Paltir removed the towel and then  began to
shave Lori's now soft pussy lips.  Her expert fingers pulled  the
pussy lips  taught as  her razor removed  any stubble  that might
have grown in the last two days.  Lori was always excited by this
process.   The feeling of  the razor moving  across her pussy was
incredible and it was heightened by the constant manipulations of
Miss Paltir as she pulled and stroked Lori's sensitive  sex.  The
feeling of  being freshly shaved  made Lori feel  both vulnerable
and pure, as though she had been returned to being the virgin she
had been at  15.  When the  shaving was over, Miss  Paltir slowly
but methodically rubbed oil into the  now smooth lips.  Lori  was
unable to stifle a moan at the feeling and she could feel her own
pussy juices trickle  down the crack of  her bottom and  over her
sensitive anus.   Lori  was pulling on  her wrists  and squirming
with her hips  and she saw  that Miss Paltir  was smiling at  the
effect she was  having on the young  girl.  Just before  Lori was
sure she was about to come, the sensations  stopped.  Miss Paltir
always seemed to know exactly when to  stop so that Lori was left
at the  peak of  excitement.   Lori now  felt Miss  Paltir gently
inserting a finger into her bottom.  "Mmmmmmm", she moaned as her
hips raised from the table.   The finger was thickly  coated with
lubricant and  Miss  Paltir slid  it deeply  into Lori's  rectum,
sliding in and out to further excite the teenage body.  Lori felt
her anus  clench reflexively  on the finger  as it  pulled slowly
from her.  Miss Paltir now moved over to the far side of the room
and Lori watched  as a large enema bag was filled with warm water
and a little glycerine.  Lori turned her head away and closed her
eyes.   Getting a  large enema wasn't  her favorite  thing in the
world and although she knew that it would excite her, the feeling
of being that full would be  uncomfortable.  Lori heard the water
stop and Miss Paltir move back over  to the table.  Lori felt the
tip of an enema nozzle  touch her anus and her  buttocks clenched
involuntarily as  it started to  push into  her.  The  nozzle was
very thick  and Lori gasped as the  thickest part pushed into her
sensitive hole.  Bound as she was, there was nothing she could do
about it.  A moment later and the nozzle was in place.  Her  tiny
rear opening was grasping the thinner  part of the nozzle as  she
was held open helplessly by the plastic  intruder.  She felt some
movement in her bottom and the nozzle seemed to expand inside  of
her.   "It's a Bardex nozzle, Lori.",  said Miss Paltir, "It will
prevent the nozzle  from being pushed out."  The nozzle was now a
little uncomfortable as it had  gotten fairly large but Lori knew
that it was now not going to be removed until Miss Paltir decided
to do so.  The rush of warm water now started to fill Lori as the
clamp on the  tube was released.   It filled her slowly  and kept
filling  her.   Lori looked  down  and watched  her tummy  slowly
expand to  accommodate the  fluid.   Her  tummy got  tight as  it
continued  and Lori  was beginning  to  feel uncomfortably  full.
Finally, the  water stopped.   Lori's breathing  in short  ragged
breaths.  She  was hoping that she wouldn't have to wait for more
than a  moment or two because she was  so full.   "Please..", she
begged, "Please let me go to the bathroom."   Miss Paltir smiled.
She disconnected the  tube from the Bardex nozzle  that was still
firmly in place in Lori's bottom and walked around to beside her.
Her hand stroked Lori's full tummy and gently massaged her.  "No,
Lori,  you'll have  to wait until  I let  you.", she said.   Lori
closed her eyes.  Each second seemed  like an hour as she waited.
Miss  Paltir hands  were at  once  soothing and  exciting.   They
roamed all over  Lori's young body.   She felt her  soaking pussy
stroked, her  nipples were pinched and the  nozzle in her ass was
playfully tugged at.  Finally after 10 minutes or so, Miss Paltir
undid her  bonds.  Lori had to be  helped from the table and over
to the toilet.   When Miss Paltir released  the nozzle and pulled
it from  her, it was an incredible relief  for Lori.  Miss Paltir
left her  for a few minutes to expel the  enema as she ran a bath
for the young girl.  Lori got into the bath and Miss Paltir began
to  scrub her from head  to toe.   It was very  relaxing and also
exciting as Miss Paltir made sure to pay special attention to the
more sensitive areas of the  teenager's body.  Her hair  was next
and by the time it was all over, Lori was  glowing.  Her hair was
shining, her body  was a rosy pink  all over.  Her  nipples which
were more  or less constantly  erect here were sticking  out from
her firm  breasts.   Lori's  leather  wrist cuffs  were  attached
behind her  back and a  leash was attached  to her collar.   Miss
Paltir led her by the leash out  of the bathroom, down the stairs
and  into the  study  of  the principal.    Lori's heart  started
beating faster as  she walked into the study.  For the last three
weeks, Lori  had undergone most  of her  training here.   She had
felt  the  hot  feeling  of  the  crop  and  a variety  of  other
instruments of  discipline as she  was tied down  for punishment.
As she walked  in the door the  first thing she noticed  were her
parents.   Lori's eyes opened wide.   Her parents came right over
to  her and  gave her  a big  hug.   Lori, of  course, could  not
reciprocate  given  her bound  wrists  but she  delighted  in the
feeling of having her Mom and Dad holding her naked body.  Mister
Walson entered the room a moment later.  "Good Morning Lori.", he
said.   "Good  morning Sir",  said  Lori in  a small,  submissive
voice.   "Today is your last day  Lori", said the principal, "and
your parents and I have been discussing what  should be done with
you on this last day.  We  have discussed several options and you
are here because you are going to have to agree with what we have
chosen.  I want you to know that you are free to choose to accept
or decline what we have decided."  Lori's heart was now beating a
mile-a-minute.  'What  had they decided she wondered.   Would she
be able to bear it?'  "I understand, Sir", she said.  "Very well,
Lori, your parents and I feel that  a fitting climax to your stay
here would be to have both of your nipples and both of your inner
pussy lips pierced today."  Lori's eyes flew open.  If her wrists
had  not been  bound,  she  would  have reflexively  covered  her
breasts with  her  hands.   She  looked from  Mr. Paltir  to  her
parents  who were  all waiting  patiently  for her  answer.   The
thought  of her  sensitive nipples  being  pierced was  instantly
terrifying and extremely exciting and  to think of the same thing
being  done to her tiny  pink pussy lips  was even more  so.  She
waited a  long time before answering.   The room had  become very
silent as  a million thoughts ran through  her head.  Finally she
looked  at Mr.  Walson.  "Very  well, Sir.   You may  pierce me."
Lori's parents stood up and came over  to her.  "We're very proud
of you honey.", said  her Mom.  Miss  Paltir led Lori out  of the
study and right out of the  building onto the grounds.  Lori  had
been brought outside  before while naked  but the feeling  always
left her feeling even  more exposed and helpless than usual.  She
was brought to a small building just off to  the side of the main
school building and led inside.  The living room of this building
was set up  for the display of  Lori's ordeal.  In the  center of
the  room was  a  leather  covered doctor's  table.   The  silver
stirrups  caused a chill to go  up Lori's spine.   She sat on the
table and  the back of  it was raised so  that she would  be in a
half reclined  position.   Her wrists,  as  usual, were  fastened
above her  head and  her feet  were once  again  attached to  the
stirrups.  There  were a number of  chairs in front of  the table
and they afforded the observers  a perfect view of Lori's exposed
body.  The front door opened and Lori watched as her parents, Mr.
Walson  and several other  men and women entered  the room.  Lori
didn't know some of them and she blushed deeply as they looked at
her carefully.   Lori  wondered if  she would  ever get  over the
feelings of  embarrassment of  people discovering her  submissive
nature.  Miss Paltir moved  beside Lori and attached nipple clips
to each of her nipples.  The clips were tight and Lori gasped  as
they were attached.  Miss Paltir gave each of them a sharp tug to
make sure  they were  solidly attached.   She moved down  now and
attached  two similar  clips to  Lori's inner  pussy lips.   Lori
moaned as they  clamped down on the  sensitive flesh.   When Miss
Paltir gave these  clips a tug, Lori  cried out.  She  closed her
eyes, embarrassed  that all  these people  could see  everything.
Now Mr. Walson  stood up.  Lori saw  that he was holding  a long,
sharp needle in  one hand.  She whimpered as he approached.  "You
can still back  out Lori.", he  said, "Do you  want to do  that?"
Lori  shook her  head, "No,  Sir.",  she whispered.   Mr.  Walson
smiled.   He grasped the  clip attached  to her  left nipple  and
pulled it hard, stretching the  nipple away from her body.   Lori
moaned at  the feeling and closed her eyes.   Suddenly she felt a
hot  sharp pain  as the  needle quickly pierced  her horizontally
through the base  of her  thick nipple.   Lori cried  out at  the
feeling.  Her  back arched as she  felt the needle removed  and a
ring being pushed through the hole.  The nipple clip was  removed
and  the pain settled into a hot  throbbing sensation.  Her right
nipple  was next and  her cries  were louder  and stronger  as it
received  its nipple.   Lori looked  down to  look at them.   The
sight was very strange to see tiny gold rings pushed through each
of  her brown nipples.   They were  now each hot  and painful and
surprisingly, very erect.   Lori watched Mr. Walson  move down to
her pussy and she was very scared.  She was also very turned  on.
The whole  scene was the hottest thing  that Lori could ever have
imagined and it  was happening to her!  Lori knew that her juices
were literally dripping down her  body and she knew that everyone
could see them.   As if in a  distance she felt the left  lips of
her pussy pulled out by the clip and the hot piercing pain of the
needle.  She  cried out again and  once again as the  right pussy
lips was  done.  Finally, it was over.   Her body was now adorned
with gold rings both above  and below and the thought of  wearing
those  rings  was   the  most  exciting   thing  Lori  had   ever
experienced.  She  felt Miss Paltir reach over to  ever so gently
pull at the rings in her nipples and she gasped and moaned as she
did so.  She felt the fingers of Mr. Walson holding her tiny pink
pussy  lips  apart by  the  gold  rings  and  then she  felt  the
incredible feeling  of a hot  tongue touching her pussy.   Lori's
eyes flew open  and she looked  down to see  her sister Rox  bent
over her waist from the side to lick her.  Everyone had a perfect
view and as Rox's tongue slid  up her sister's slit to touch  her
hard, aching clit, Lori felt her orgasm start.  Her legs began to
tremble and her  tummy got tight.   She felt her toes  curling at
the  feeling and her hands turned into little fists as she pulled
at the bonds holding her.  She started to  cry out and then cried
out again  and again as the most intense  orgasm of her life took
over her body.  It reached a peak and then seemed to subside then
peaked again and then again.  It went on for what seemed forever,
first one sensation  then another taking over as  the stimulation
of her  nipples, her  pussy lips  and the  tongue  of her  loving
sister all  added their effects.  It  was perhaps five minutes or
more before it was  over and it left  Lori drained.  It  had been
the most exciting  time of her life  and she knew that  she would
have her rings to remember it by forever.
Sharon Meets her Mistress
Story #32 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It  had been almost a  month since Sharon' first "Interview"
and now here, she was in  a crowded airport terminal waiting  for
someone she had  never met in what  was probably going to  be the
most exciting experience  in her young life.   Six weeks ago, she
never would have dreamed she  would be here, doing something like
this.  The famous "Interview" with her new Master had changed all
of that.  Sharon  knew that day had started a  new course for her
life that would alter it forever.  She had willingly asked  to be
"trained" by  her Master and  he had certainly obliged.   Now she
was  here  at  the  airport  at  his  request.    Late  yesterday
afternoon, her Master had called her.  "Sharon.", he said, "It is
time for the next phase of your training.  Tomorrow I want you to
go  to the airport and meet someone.  The person you will meet is
a woman approximately 35 years old.  She will know what  you look
like.  She is  an experienced Mistress  and will be training  you
for the  weekend.  Her flight lands at  6pm from Chicago.  Do not
be late."  "Yes, Sir" Sharon had replied.  Her heart was racing a
mile-a-minute as she put down the  phone.  What would it be  like
to be dominated by a woman?  Would she like it?  The thought both
scared  her and excited her.   Sharon had been punished before by
the  other submissives  of  her Master  but  this was  completely
different.
     In the  morning Sharon's  Master called again  and gave  her
specific instructions on  what she was to  wear all day.   Sharon
dressed  in the  light blue  dress  as instructed  and felt  more
exposed and vulnerable than ever as she went to work.   As usual,
her  Master had  permitted neither  panties nor bra  and Sharon's
nipples were well defined in the dress.   It was only because her
pussy  hair was  completely shaved  that her  pussy was  also not
visible  beneath the  thin  fabric.   Sharon  got  more and  more
nervous as the end  of the day approached.  She  got into her car
at 5 and drove  to the airport.  Now, here she  was, waiting in a
crowded arrivals lobby for a woman she did not know who was going
to  be able  to completely  dominate her  for the  whole weekend!
Sharon's palms were  wet as she scrutinized everyone  who got off
the plane.  There were several severe looking women who  went by.
As each one  caught her eye,  Sharon's heart leapt  a beat.   'Is
this the person?',  she wondered.  All  of them went directly  by
her, however.
     A couple came out the gateway doors and Sharon was caught by
the woman's striking appearance.  She was tall,  blond, and had a
beautiful figure.   Her long tanned legs were  visible halfway up
her thighs because she was wearing a very tight, very hot leather
dress.   The  whole look  was striking  and Sharon  found herself
wistfully wishing  that this woman was  to be her  mistress.  Of,
course, she was  with someone,  so it  couldn't be her.   But  if
only...  The couple walked right up the corridor, with  the woman
holding onto the arm  of the handsome man with her.   As they got
to where  Sharon was,  the  woman paused.   She  looked right  at
Sharon and Sharon found herself lowering her eyes, unable to meet
her gaze.  "You're  Sharon." said the woman.  Sharon's  eyes flew
open.  "Look  David, this is the  little slave I was  telling you
about."   Sharon's face turned a deep  red.  The embarrassment of
being  described to  this stranger  so openly  was intense.   The
man's  eyes mentally  undressed the submissive  girl as  the tall
woman took  her arm.  "Come along Sharon.",  she said.  "David, I
think she'll  be perfect, don't  you?"   The man  smiled at  them
both.  Sharon's  heart was racing.   'Was she to be  dominated by
both of  these strangers?'   The blond woman was  holding tightly
onto her arm as  they went toward the exit.  At the baggage claim
area, David went to get the bags.
     The tall woman sat at one of the chairs in the  area and had
Sharon stand  right in front  of her.   She looked Sharon  up and
down and  then said, "My name is Dawn.   You may call me Mistress
Dawn or  Mistress.  We shall be getting  to know one another very
intimately this weekend.   Your Master has asked me  to train you
and  train you I  shall.  Come  closer to me.   Sharon shuffled a
little closer until her knees were touching the knees of Mistress
Dawn.   "Open  your legs.",  she said.   Sharon  nervously looked
around as she opened her legs  about 12 inches.  "Wider Sharon.",
said her Mistress.  Sharon opened her feet a little wider.   "Now
clasp your  hands behind  your back."   Sharon obeyed.   Mistress
Dawn had  her stand  that  way for  what seemed  an eternity  for
Sharon but was probably only 1 or 2 minutes.  Finally David, came
back with the bags and Sharon figured  that they would now leave.
"Just a moment  David.", said the tall blond.   Sharon watched as
her Mistress  moved forward and  slid her hand right  up Sharon's
dress!  Sharon was mortified!   She looked around hoping that  no
one could see but of course she was in plain view.  Mistress Dawn
put her  hand right on  Sharon's shaved  slit and slid  2 fingers
deep  into her  already  wet  pussy.   The  fingers withdrew  and
Mistress Dawn  held them up to Sharon.  They were glistening wet.
"You're a  hot slut little  Sharon." said the older  woman, "Lick
them clean."  Sharon dutifully opened her lips and sucked  on the
long thin fingers.   This simple act  turned Sharon on  more than
anything  she  had ever  done.   The  older woman  smiled.   "Sit
down.", she said.  Sharon took  her place on the seat.   Mistress
Dawn took  her bag  from David  who was  wide eyed and  obviously
turned on by this display.  Mistress Dawn handed Sharon something
from her bag and said, "Put these on."  Sharon looked down to see
that they were 4 leather straps.   She looked up questioningly at
her Mistress, "Here?", she said in a squeaky voice  "Here.", said
her Mistress.  Sharon nervously put on the wrist and ankle cuffs.
Anyone who  even looked at  her now  would know exactly  what she
was; the slave of her Mistress.
     David  carried  the bags  to  Sharon's  car and  Sharon  was
certain  that they  would  both  get in,  but  the Mistress  Dawn
stopped him.  "Thank you David.  I hope we'll get to meet again."
Sharon was a little relieved as  just the two women now left  the
airport  on  their way  to  the  hotel  where Mistress  Dawn  was
staying.   When they arrived, Sharon started  to get the bags out
of the car.  "No, Sharon, the hotel staff will do that, come with
me."  They both went into the  hotel and Sharon noticed the looks
of the bell-hop  as he saw her  leather cuffs.  Her face  was hot
and flushed as she joined  her mistress at the registration desk.
Registering  in  the room  took  only  a  moment and  Sharon  and
Mistress Dawn were on their way up the elevator.
     In  the  elevator, Sharon  was  told  to  turn to  face  her
Mistress.  The  tall blond opened Sharon's dress  front almost to
her navel.  At the least movement  now, Sharon's breasts would be
visible.   Then Sharon's wrists  were locked behind her.   Sharon
was hoping  that there would be no one  on the hotel floor as the
elevator  doors opened  and her  wish  was granted.   They  went,
undisturbed down the  long corridor to the room,  Sharon with her
hands submissively cuffed behind her and her dress wantonly open.
As  soon as  they entered  the room,  Sharon' cuffs  were undone.
"Strip.", said  Mistress Dawn  and Sharon  quickly  took off  her
dress and  shoes.  She  was now  completely naked except  for her
leather wrist  and ankle cuffs.   Her wrists were  again attached
behind her and she  was told to stand in the  corner of the room.
Sharon moved to the corner and obediently put her nose right into
the corner of the room.   Her bound hands were visibly  displayed
behind her and  Sharon was just staring to relax when there was a
knock  on the door.   'Damn! The  luggage', thought Sharon.   Her
Mistress, of  course, had  been expecting it.   Sharon  heard the
door  open and  knew that she  was now  on display for  the hotel
bell-hop.   Her face  turned beet red  and an  embarrassed little
whimper escaped her lips.  The  door closed and now Mistress Dawn
came over to her.  "Spread  your legs for me Sharon.", she  said.
Sharon spread her legs wide  apart.  Mistress Dawn's fingers slid
down  her bottom and  under her to  feel her wetness.   "You like
being displayed I think.", she said.  "Don't worry, there will be
much more of it while you are with me."  Sharon felt  a shiver go
down  her  spine at  the  thought.   Her legs  were  trembling as
Mistress  Dawn's hands  teased her.   She  knew exactly  where to
touch the young  girl to get her  most excited.  When  Sharon was
sure  that she  was  just  about to  come,  the fingers  stopped.
Sharon  moaned in frustration but  knew better than  to ask to be
allowed an  orgasm.  "We shall  be starting your training  with a
spanking Sharon.", said the tall  blond dominant, "Then we  shall
be going into the bathroom.  Now come over here."
     Sharon turned around and saw that Mistress Dawn had laid out
a few of her "toys"  from her bag on the bed.   Mistress Dawn was
now sitting in one of the straight backed chairs of the hotel and
motioned  Sharon over.  Sharon,'s  hands were refastened in front
of her  so that there would be no  impeding the spanking that was
about to come.   Sharon was pulled  over her Mistress Dawn's  lap
and was  ordered to  spread her  legs.   She  did so.   The  hand
spanking was hard and hot and each smack left a sting on Sharon's
bottom.  When her bottom  was red and hot, Mistress Dawn  reached
over to take  the paddle.  The  paddling was also quick  but very
hard and Sharon had tears in her eyes by the end of it.   Finally
it was over and Sharon was allowed to stay over her Mistress' lap
while she calmed  down.  Mistress  Dawn's hands stroked  Sharon's
hot bottom  and upper thighs.   Sharon  felt more turned  on than
ever.    The feeling  of  lying across  the  warm thighs  and the
leather skirt of  her Mistress was exquisite.   The older woman's
hands  now moved  a little  lower, feeling  the heat  rising from
Sharon's pussy.  Sharon moaned out loud as two fingers slid  deep
into her.  The  fingers moved slowly in and out  and Sharon found
her hips humping them.  Now the fingers trailed upward slowly and
Sharon felt first  one then two fingers forcing  their way gently
into   her  bottom.    Sharon   closed  her  eyes,  savoring  the
sensations.  Having her bottom penetrated was the most submissive
thing Sharon could  do and she loved it.  Sharon's whole body was
trembling on the edge of  an incredible orgasm when Mistress Dawn
made her get up.
     The tall blond  stood up and quickly  unzippered her leather
dress.   It was removed right away  to reveal an incredible body.
Her trim  breasts  were topped  with long,  wide, tight  nipples,
there was not  an ounce of fat  on her and to  Sharon's surprise,
her pussy was also shaved!  "Kneel down", said Mistress Dawn  and
Sharon did  so.   Mistress Dawn  spread her  legs wide apart  and
Sharon could  see that  the spanking had  turned her  Mistress on
also.   She could see  the lips of  Mistress Dawn's slit  glisten
with her  own juices.   "Lick me  slave.", said the  older woman.
Sharon felt her Mistress' hand on her head pulling her forward as
she dove in to obey her Mistress'  commands.  Her taste was musty
and sensual and  it turned Sharon on  to be licking her.   Sharon
licked  up  and down  and  sucked the  already  hard clit  of her
Mistress  into her  mouth.   The  older woman  gasped and  pulled
Sharon into her  harder.   It didn't  take long  and Sharon  felt
Dawn's legs and tummy tighten as her orgasm exploded in her body.
It seemed to go on for a long time and Mistress Dawn's hands kept
Sharon's mouth  tight  on her  pussy.   Finally it  was over  and
Sharon looked up  to see her Mistress  with a smile on  her face.
"Very good little slave.", she said, "Now it will be your turn."
     Sharon was led into the bathroom where she saw that an enema
bag  was  already set  up.    Sharon's  heart clutched  again  in
trepidation of the treatment she was  about to receive.  "On your
hands and  knees Sharon.",  said Dawn, "Now  cross your  arms and
cradle your head  in them.  Keep  your knees wide apart.   Sharon
felt the cool  feeling of a  lubricated finger slide into  her as
she kept her knees wide open for her Mistress.  The  thick nozzle
was next and  Mistress Dawn took delight in sliding it in and out
for a while.   Sharon felt the  rush of water as  the restraining
clip was  released and  she felt  her tummy  tighten as the  warm
enema rushed in to fill her  up.  When the bag was  empty, Sharon
felt the nozzle  being removed and replaced by  the familiar butt
plug.  It  was a full and tight sensation that she was left with.
Sharon  was ordered  to  stand up  and Mistress  Dawn immediately
attached two nipple clips to her.   Sharon moaned as each one bit
into her nipple.
     Mistress Dawn pulled her out  into the bedroom again and had
her lie on her back on the floor.  Sharon watched as her Mistress
pulled out  a long, thick double dildo from  her bag and sat down
in front of  Sharon.  Sharon watched as  the gorgeous blond woman
worked the dildo slowly  into her own pussy.   Then Dawn  scooted
down and  adjusted the other end of the  device into Sharon.  Her
Mistress reached down to grab the chain between Sharon's attached
wrists  and  slowly but  firmly  pulled Sharon  and  her Mistress
together  until  they were  both  impaled  on  the dildo!    When
Sharon's shaved pussy lips finally  touched the pussy lips of her
Mistress she gasped.   The two women ground  themselves together,
back and forth,  rubbing their hot  juices into each other.   For
Sharon,  the  sensations were  intense.    Her bottom  was  still
stinging hot from the spanking she had received, her nipples were
being  pinched and  pulled by  the  tight nipple  clamps and  her
bowels were filled  with warm water.  The butt plug in her bottom
and the thick double dildo in her pussy filled her completely and
now the  feeling of her  Mistress' hot pussy rubbing  against her
own  was too much.   Sharon cried  out as her own  orgasm hit her
like a ton of bricks.  Spasm after spasm racked her body and then
Dawn had her second orgasm of the day and the feelings and sounds
of  her Mistress'  orgasm set  Sharon off  again.   She abandoned
herself totally to the feelings and came and came and came.
     It was perhaps 30 or 40  minutes later before both woman had
cleaned up and were  now in bed cuddled up to each other.  Sharon
had  been  allowed to  expel  the  enema but  had  her butt  plug
reinserted afterward.   Her Mistress  had told her that  it would
stay in  until morning.   Now, they  were cuddled  close to  each
other in the  large hotel bed, both  content.  "You are  the very
best Mistress.", said  Sharon.  Mistress Dawn smiled.   "Yes, and
there is a whole weekend ahead of us!"
Darla's Initiation
Story #33 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Darla was nervous.   She had waited for this day  for a long
time and now it looked like she was actually going to be accepted
into the club.  Some of her friends had been part of the club for
almost a  year.  There were  16 members in all.   There were both
boys and girls in the club.  The oldest was 18 and  the youngest,
was 15.  They had all, said their leader George, been through the
initiation that Darla  was about to experience.   Darla wanted to
be a member of the club more than anything.
     Darla was a 16 year old.  She was one of the prettiest girls
in her school.   Her body had  bloomed early and she  was blessed
with  long blond  hair, crystal  clear blue  eyes and  a 34-23-33
figure.  She  was tall and elegant  when dressed up.   Still, she
was only 16 and despite her womanly body, she was very shy.  Now,
she  stood alone  outside  the  closed door  to  the basement  of
George's  parent's house.   She  had just  been 'interviewed'  in
front of all the members of the club and now she waited for their
decision  about whether or  not she would  be accepted.   She had
been  told, in no uncertain  terms, that if  she was accepted she
would have to go through the  "Initiation".  She hadn't been told
what the initiation included but she had been told that she would
probably find it embarrassing.   If she wasn't willing to  do the
initiation, said  George, then she  could back down now.   "No.",
said Darla, "I'll do whatever you say."  Now she waited patiently
wondering what would happen next.
     The  door opened  suddenly and  Darla jumped  at  the sound.
"Come in.", said Susan and Darla followed her into the room.  She
noticed that her  palms were  moist.   The other  members of  the
group  had moved  their chairs  into a  semi-circle around  a low
table about a foot high that had been placed in the middle of the
room.  Susan led Darla  into the center of  the room and had  her
stand on the  table.  George spoke  to her first, "You  have been
accepted into  the club Darla,  but first you must  complete your
initiation.   Are you ready?"   Darla nodded her  head nervously.
"Yes.",  she said  in a little-girl  voice.  George  sat down and
Valerie stood  up beside Darla.   She took a polaroid  camera and
took a shot of Darla standing on the table looking  very nervous.
She put down  the camera and faced Darla. "Take off your shoes.",
she said clearly.   Darla reached down and untied her  Reboks and
them pulled them f.  Valerie held out her hand and Darla gave her
the  running shoes.   "The  socks too  Darla.", said  Valerie and
Darla pulled them off and handed them over.  The table  felt cool
under Darla's  bare feet.   It was strange  to be standing  there
barefoot and Darla felt oddly  embarrassed.  Valerie moved to the
side of the room  and put the shoes and socks  neatly on a table.
She returned to the center and  looked up at Darla again.   "Give
me your  blouse now Darla.", she  said.  Darla's eyes  flew open.
She felt a hot  rush as a blush hit her cheeks.   No one had ever
seen her breasts and she  was embarrassed that everyone would see
her flimsy bra.  She hesitated a moment longer before reaching up
to undo the buttons on her blouse.  Her fingers trembled slightly
as she did  so.  She  removed the  blouse carefully, making  sure
that  a hand  was always  protecting  her breasts.   She  was now
wearing only a  scanty bra  that was almost  see through.   Darla
watched as Valerie carefully folded the blouse and  put it on the
table beside her  shoes.  Her skirt  was next and Darla  felt her
face turn hot and red as  the garment tumbled to the floor.   Her
white cotton panties  were also very high cut  and very revealing
and  Darla kept  telling herself  that it  was  just like  at the
beach.  Somehow that thought didn't seem of much comfort.  "Clasp
your hands behind  your head.", said George and  Darla closed her
eyes for  a  second  as she  did  so.    She had  never  been  so
embarrassed in her  life.  Even worse, to  her mortification, her
nipples decided  that now would  be a good  time to get  hard and
Darla could feel them  start to stick out  against the fabric  of
her bra.  She could just feel the eyes of everyone  watching her.
Darla felt Valerie move up onto the table behind her and hold her
wrists for a moment.  Suddenly Darla felt her wrists being pulled
upward.  Valerie had attached leather cuffs to them and Darla was
now helplessly  attached to  the rope that  went to  the ceiling.
Valerie pulled up  one strap of Darla's bra and  Darla watched as
Valerie  cut it  with scissors.   The second  strap was  next and
then, as Darla  knew it would, the bra was undone and removed all
together.   Her  breasts sprang into  view.   Darla was  close to
tears she was  so embarrassed.  She saw everyone looking at them.
Darla was proud  of her breasts but  she never thought that  they
would be  put on  display for everyone.   Her  firm breasts  were
topped  with very long pink nipples that  were fat and right now,
very  hard and tingling.   Valerie  moved around  to in  front of
Darla and put her hands up on her shoulders.  Darla felt her cool
soft hands  slide down her front.  They  moved down over her taut
breasts  first and  lingered there  for a  moment.   Darla jumped
slightly as Valerie pinched the tight nipples hard.  Then Valerie
stepped  down and  continued to  glide her  hands over  the young
girl's body.  They slid down over Darla's tight belly and as they
came into  contact with the  panties Darla felt Valerie  hook her
fingers into  them and the  flimsy garment was slid  smoothly all
the way  down  her legs.    Darla was  now  completely naked  and
Valerie now sat down.   George stood up and took another Polaroid
of the  helpless  girl and  then  turned  to face  Darla.    "You
initiation is  just starting.",  he said, "You  are now  going to
receive phase 2.   Your bottom  is about to  be spanked with  the
initiation paddle and then we will continue.  George  picked up a
ping pong paddle and moved  around to behind Darla.   Darla heard
the whistle of air  as the paddle swung toward her  and then felt
the searing pain of the paddle as it landed!   It took her breath
away and before she could even  cry out, a second stroke  landed.
Each member of  the group gave Darla  2 spanks making 32  in all.
Darla's bottom was on fire when it ended and there were  tears on
her cheeks.  She felt her hands being untied and she thought that
the  initiation was  over but  she was  only having  her position
changed.   Now she was tied on her  back on the table.  Her hands
were tied to the top of  the table and her feet were  attached so
that  her  legs  were  spread  wide  apart.    Darla  could  feel
everyone's gaze  on her virginal  pussy and she was  mortified to
feel that she  was moist down there!  In fact the whole stripping
and spanking  had been a turn on!  Now Susan stood up.  She knelt
down between Darla's  legs and Darla looked down to  see that she
was clipping  Darla's pubic hair  with small scissors.   When the
hair was  cropped very  close, Susan took  out a small  razor and
started to shave.  "Oh no!", thought Darla, but it was  too late.
In a few short minutes, Darla's bush was completely removed.  She
was now just  like a little  girl.  The  juices on Darla's  pussy
were  now evident to  everyone.  Each  member of the  group got a
chance  to participate  in Darla's  initiation.   The next  was a
young boy  who,  to  Darla's horror  lubricated  her  bottom  and
inserted a tiny plastic dildo.  Two twin girls teased her nipples
and attached  silver pinching clips  to them.  The  sensation was
not very painful  but it was an  incredible turn on.   One person
began playing with  her pussy and Darla began  squirming her hips
despite herself.   She had often played with  herself but nothing
she had done had ever been like this.  The hand at her pussy  was
covered in oil and Darla heard herself moan as it started playing
with her clit.   Whenever  Darla felt  she was  close to  coming,
everyone  would stop  and Darla  was soon  pleading with  them to
giver her  some relief.   The teasing  continued.   Finally Darla
looked up and promised she  would do ANYTHING if only they  would
let  her  come.    Valerie  stood up  again  and  Darla  watched,
fascinated, as in  one motion, Valerie pulled her  dress over her
head leaving her  completely naked.  Darla's eyes  widened as she
saw that Val's  bush was  shaved too!   Valerie stood  up on  the
table and before Darla knew  what was happening, she was kneeling
over Darla with her shaved pussy lips right in Darla's  face! "If
you  want relief",  she said,  "you'll have  to lick me!"   Darla
didn't even  hesitate.   She stuck her  tongue out  as far  as it
would go and  Valerie lowered herself on  it.  Her taste  was not
unpleasant.  It  was a little salty  and Darla kind of  liked it.
Valerie  was  soaking   wet  and  she  started   to  moan  almost
immediately.  Darla  felt the attentions of everyone  else on her
body start  again and she  licked harder.   It didn't  take long.
Valerie's tummy started to tighten up and Val threw her head back
as she started to come.   Darla could feel her own body  writhing
in its  bonds as she got closer  and closer to a peak.   All of a
sudden the  dildo in her bottom started  moving in and out slowly
as  someone started  to play with  it.   It was the  final straw.
Darla cried out  and tugged at her  bonds as her orgasm  hit her.
Her hands  curled into fists as she pulled  with all of her might
and she felt  her tummy tie itself  in a knot  and she cried  out
again and again  as she  hit her  peak.  The  stimulation of  her
over-excited  body didn't stop  and Darla felt  herself have wave
after wave of  orgasm.  Finally, it  was over.  Darla  opened her
eyes,  exhausted.  All around  her were naked  bodies.  They were
all hugging her  and kissing her.   The biggest smile of  all was
George's "Welcome  to the club.",  he said.  Darla  smiled as she
closed her eyes and fell asleep.

Preparing for the Prom
Story #34 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Tuesday started off very much as per usual for Marcie.   She
woke up, stretched and rolled over  on her back.  She  considered
rolling over  again and sleeping late then she remembered; School
was over for the  summer!  "MMmmmmm" she murmured.   A wide smile
spread across her face.  That meant that she could sit around the
pool all day.  No wait,  Mom had said something last night  about
going shopping.   Well, that was ok  too.  Marcie got  out of bed
and looked  at herself  appraisingly in  the full  length mirror.
'She was in pretty good shape  for a 16 year old.', she  thought.
Her legs were long and sleek and her tan line was just beginning.
'She would be dark brown by the end of the summer.',  she thought
to herself.   Her breasts were firm  'B' cup size but,  she loved
her nipples best.  Marcie had been blessed with extra thick, long
nipples.   They were a light shade of  pink and Marcie would have
preferred them to be darker but they were soooooo sensitive.  She
reached up and gave them a little tweak.  The crinkled right away
becoming hard  and tight  under Marcie's  pinching fingers.   She
turned  around and looked over  her shoulder at  the image of her
ass in the mirror.  'My best feature.', she thought.  She ran her
hands over her  smooth buttocks imagining that they  were a man's
hands.   She  reached down  and  held her  buttocks lewdly  apart
exposing her pink anus.  This was one of the most sensitive areas
of Marcie's body.   She would  be mortified if anyone  ever found
out  how much  she  loved  playing with  herself  there.   Marcie
wondered what it would be like for someone else to touch her ass.
She showered  quickly and  couldn't resist  playing with  herself
while  under  the streaming  water.   He  hand slid  down  to her
lightly haired pussy  and began soaping it.   She let two fingers
slide deep into her and moaned as she did it.  Her  fingers began
sliding in and  out in a delicious rhythm.  Her left hand reached
down to get soapy too and then Marcie let one finger slide slowly
into  her hot rear  opening.  The  fingers in her  pussy felt the
intrusion of her rear finger deep in her body.   Marcie shuddered
and let  out a little cry as  she came.  She then  took her razor
and shaved her legs  and under her arms.  She  looked down at her
puss and  started slowly shaving  her bikini line.   'Maybe she'd
take the sun  later.', she thought.   She worked  her way up  her
inner thighs and  down her flat belly  toward her puss.   She was
left with a tiny triangle of curly blond hairs.  Marcie hesitated
a moment and then  continued.  Her mom kept her  pussy shaved and
Marcie had often wondered what it would be like.  She  giggled as
she removed the  last of the unwanted hair.  This was turning her
on!
     Marcie and her mom drove downtown.  Marcie was dying to find
out  where  they were  going  but  her  mom just  wouldn't  tell.
Finally they arrived at a  small boutique in the fashion quarter.
Marcie  noticed the shop display was completely filled with lacy,
sexy  lingerie.    She  figured  that her  mom  was  picking  out
something sexy to turn her dad on that night.  She  already had a
large collection of risque lingerie.  They went into the shop and
her mom  led  her toward  the back  of the  store.   The  manager
greeted Marcie's  mother warmly, "Hi  Janice.  This must  be your
daughter  Marcie."  Marcie shook her hand  and then they were led
back to sit  down in a large  fitting room.  "Marcie,",  said her
mom, "I know you're going to your prom next week and I've decided
to treat you to something special.  Laura and I are going to pick
out some  wonderful lingerie for  you to wear on  under your prom
dress." Marcie's eyes opened wide.   She had never owned anything
that  sexy  before.  "Now  take  off that  dress  and  we'll  get
started.", said  her mother.   Marcie hesitated as she  looked at
Laura.  "Don't be  embarrassed Marcie.", said the  store manager,
"I've seen many, many women naked in  here."  Marcie slowly undid
the buttons on her summer dress and pulled in over her head.  She
was left in  her matching pink bra  and bikini panty set.   "Your
bra too  Marcie.", said Laura.   Marcie blushed as  she unclasped
the flimsy garment  and took it off.  Laura and her mother looked
openly at  her firm  breasts.   Laura now  took out  a series  of
different bras.  Each was more revealing and more risque than the
last.  Marcie  blushed again as she felt  Laura's hands adjusting
the bra and  moving her breasts  in them.   Her mother and  Laura
looked at each bra appraisingly,  having Marcie turn this way and
that as she modeled the flimsy garments.  They finally settled on
a push-up  half-bra that left most of  her breasts uncovered.  It
more  presented her  breasts than  protected them.   It  was more
daring  than anything  Marcie could  have imagined wearing.   She
looked  at herself in  the mirrors of  the room and  she couldn't
deny that the  effect was exciting.  Marcie  was embarrassed that
her nipples  hardened  once again  as she  looked at  them.   The
nipples were  completely on  display above the  top of  the white
lace.  Both Laura and her mom noticed them immediately and smiled
knowingly at Marcie.   "OK Marcie, now take  off those panties.",
said  Laura, "We're  going to  try on  some stockings  and garter
belts."  Marcie  began to reach down and remove  her panties when
suddenly she remembered; Her pussy was completely shaved!  Marcie
turned bright  red and  stopped.  "Uh,  uh, couldn't I  keep them
on.", she stammered in a tiny voice.   "Marcie", said her mother,
"Do as you're told.   Now, get those panties off."   "But I don't
want to.", said  Marcie.   Her mother's face  suddenly took on  a
very stern expression.  "You will remove those panties right now,
young  lady."  Marcie's face  was now hot  and flushed.  "Please,
no." she whimpered.  "Come over here Marcie.", said her mother in
a no-nonsense voice.  Marcie  shuffled over to her mother's side.
This  was just  how she sounded  when Marcie  was about to  get a
spanking.  Surely she  wouldn't get one here!  Not  here in front
of a strange woman.  Marcie soon had her question answered as her
mother reached out and grabbed her wrists and pulled her over her
lap.   Marcie's embarrassment reached  a peak and she  felt tears
welling up behind  her eyes.  Her mother grasped the waistband of
Marcie's panties and pulled them down and off her long legs.  The
spanking started  next and Marcie  felt her bottom get  hot under
the stinging  spanks of her mother.     Marcie's face was hot and
wet with tears when her mother  finally stood her up.  Her  hands
moved  immediately to  cover her  pussy.   "Put those  hands down
Marcie.", said her mom.   Reluctantly Marcie dropped her hands to
her side.  Now her shaven  slit was completely visible.  She  saw
her mother smile as she saw it.   Laura too was looking right  at
the  exposed  pussy  lips.    Marcie thought  she  would  die  of
embarrassment.  "Marcie,  Laura will now finish  your spanking.",
said her  mom.   Marcie slowly  shuffled over  to  Laura.   Tears
trickled  down her  cheeks in  humiliation as  she bent  over the
woman's lap.   Laura  took her  time, readjusting  Marcie several
times until her bottom was in the best position.  Marcie felt the
older  woman's left hand  holding her firmly at  the small of her
back.   Her  right hand  rested gently  on Marcie's  already pink
buttocks.  Marcie felt Laura's hand gently stroking her bottom in
a soothing motion for a moment before the spanking  began.  Laura
gave Marcie  several hard,  quick spanks  then  paused, her  hand
resting gently on  her warm cheeks.  The  spanking continued like
that for  a while.   Laura would  give four  or five  spanks then
pause to stroke  the young teenage bottom gently.  It was like no
other punishment  that Marcie  had ever  experienced and she  had
experienced many.   After a couple of minutes,  Marcie had almost
gotten used to stroking when Laura's hand stroked gently down her
cheeks  and Marcie felt  Laura fingers trailing  delicately along
her  crack!  They  passed teasingly over  Marcie's sensitive anus
and  continued down to  her slit.  Marcie  shivered at the touch.
It was soooooo exciting.   Five or six hard  smacks followed then
Laura's fingers again glided down between Marcie's cheeks.  Laura
paused for a moment. "Open your legs Marcie.", she  said.  Marcie
allowed  her legs  to fall open.   Laura's finger  slid lower and
lower, all the way down to her  clit which was, by now, soaked in
Marcie's own juices.  "Stand up Marcie.", said Laura.  Marcie got
to  her  feet slowly  feeling  the  heat in  her  buttocks and  a
different  kind  of heat  in  her pussy.   Laura  looked  over at
Marcie's mom.  "Janice, she's  soaking wet.", she said.  Marcie's
face  blushed red  again as  this was  announced.   "I  think she
enjoys  being submissive." continued Laura.  Marcie's mom smiled.
"Yes I  know.", she  said, "She's been  getting aroused  for ages
whenever her father or I have given her a bare-bottomed spanking.
Marcie couldn't  believe her ears!   Here was her  own mother and
this strange woman discussing her most intimate moments right out
in the open!   Nothing  more was  said for the  moment and  Laura
busied  herself getting garter  belts and stockings  onto Marcie.
They finally  settled on  a set that  left Marcie  looking hotter
than  she thought  she  ever  would.   Again  she  posed  in  the
clothing,  but  this  time  the   poses  became  more  and   more
suggestive.  Marcie  willingly followed all of  the instructions.
She felt her pussy becoming more and more wet and every once in a
while,  she would notice in the mirror  the glisten of her juices
on her slit.    Finally Laura ordered into the middle of the room
and had her stand with her legs  wide apart and her hands clasped
behind her  head.  Marcie  was told  to remain in  this position.
"We're going  to ask  you some questions  Marcie", said  her mom,
"and  I  want  you  to  answer honestly  and  fully."    Marcie's
breathing had quickened.  "OK", she said in a low voice.   "First
of all", asked Laura, 'When  was the first time you masturbated?"
Marcie's face  turned red again  as she stammered out  her reply,
"About two years ago."  "How often do you masturbate?", asked her
mother.  "Almost  every  day.", said  Marcie  hesitantly.   "What
objects have you  inserted in your pussy?", asked  Laura.  Marcie
slowly listed  her hairbrush, her  fingers, a long  necked bottle
and a small cucumber.  "Have  you ever put your finger into  your
bottom?", asked her mother. Marcie looked at her mother in shock!
She could  barely  get the  word out,  "Yyyyyeeeeess", she  said.
Laura and her mom smiled.   "What objects have you put into  your
ass?", asked Laura.  Marcie's voice was shaking as she told about
using her fingers, the handle of her brush and a tube of lipstick
up there.  "Oh, I think we  can do better than that.", said Laura
mysteriously.   The  questioning  went  on  as  Marcie  described
everything sexual that she had ever done.  She even the time that
her boyfriend Bobby had almost  taken her virginity at the beach.
When they had  finished asking  everything they  could think  of,
Marcie was flushed  and almost  panting.  She  had never been  so
turned  on in her  life!   Laura left the  room for a  moment and
returned  carrying a  small box.   Marcie  was still  standing as
instructed with  her legs  apart and her  hands behind  her head.
Laura opened the box and leaned over to whisper  something to her
mother.  Marcie's mom smiled  and nodded her head.   Laura looked
up at the young girl "Turn around Marcie then bend over and touch
your toes.",  said her  mother,  "Laura is  going to  give you  a
special present.   Marcie did as she  was asked.  She  hoped that
the present  wasn't another  spanking... Her  bottom was  already
sore.  Between her legs she  saw Laura take something out of  the
box and begin covering  it with some kind of ointment.   As Laura
turned  toward  Marcie, the  object  became  visible as  a  small
plastic  dildo that  was  shiny with  the lubricant  covering it.
Marcie  felt  Laura's fingers  at  her ass  gently  spreading her
cheeks and then the cool touch of the object at her anus.  Marcie
gasped as the anal intruder was gently but firmly pushed into her
body.  She  was panting hard when  Laura finally let her  up, the
butt plug  now solidly in place.  Marcie  could see that both her
mom and Laura  seemed excited too.  Laura sat down again, leaving
Marcie  standing in  the middle of  the room.   The  sensation of
having  the plug  holding her  anus  open was  causing Marcie  to
tremble.   She  could feel  her juices  trickling down  her inner
thighs.   "Now,  Marcie", said  her  mother in  a throaty  voice,
"Would you like to be allowed to come?"  Marcie nodded  her head.
She  was so  hot that she  was whimpering  softly.  She  would do
anything to be allowed  to come.  Then ask Mistress  Laura to let
you.", said her mother.  Marcie turned to Laura, "Please Mistress
Laura,  please let me."  Laura  smiled at her, "Very well Marcie,
show us how you  can come.  Play with yourself."   Marcie dropped
her hands to her soaking pussy.  Her fingers found her  clit hard
and hot.  Marcie was so close already that it only took a moment.
She felt the  orgasm start first  deep in her  belly.  She  could
feel her tummy  start to  tremble and  then she  felt her  bottom
clamp down hard  on the anal  plug.  Well, that  was IT!   Marcie
heard  a ringing in her  ears and she sank  to her knees as spasm
after spasm racked her body.  Each peak caused her to  tighten on
the  butt plug  again and  each time she  did, it  caused another
peak.  As if from a distance,  Marcie heard herself cry out again
and again.  It was quite a few minutes before she  finally calmed
down.   Her  body  was  covered in  sweat  and she  felt  totally
drained.  She looked up to see that both her mother and Laura had
lifted their  skirts  and had  brought  themselves to  their  own
orgasms!  The  two older women helped  Marcie to her feet.   They
helped her with her dress, pulling it over her head and down over
the sexy lingerie.  Marcie looked up and asked if she  could take
out the plug from her bottom.  Her mother smiled down at her, "No
Marcie, you'll wear  it until you get home.   You're boyfriend is
waiting for  you there  you know."   A  shiver ran down  Marcie's
spine as she  wondered what further adventures waited  for her at
home.
Arrested in Georgia
Story #35 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
      Day three of the vacation was perfect driving weather.  The
family  had  been  making  their way  slowly  southward  from the
Canadian border and  so far the trip  had been perfect.   Today's
drive  would take  them almost  to  their goal  in Florida.   For
today, however,  Katherine and  her teenage  daughter Kelly  were
just enjoying the ride.  This was very different from Katherine's
normal pace  of life.   She  was her  late 30's  and a  very busy
executive in the advertising business.
     Katherine was a  striking woman.  She was  often mistaken to
be in her  mid-twenties and she liked  to dress the part.   Today
she  was wearing a  skirt and a  loose cotton shirt  that she had
unbuttoned completely and  had tied in a knot  below her breasts.
Her husband John  loved her this way,  she knew.  The  family was
usually very casual about a dress code  and it wasn't unusual for
any one of them to be  wandering around the house naked.   Still,
dressing this way  was more provocative than usual  but "What the
heck.", she thought, "This is vacation!"
     Kelly had  just started her  spring break from school.   She
was a  seventeen year  old senior  who would  be in  college next
year.  Kelly was quickly maturing into a young  woman and neither
of her parents  had failed to notice.   Her figure was  a perfect
34-24-34  and her  pert little  "B" Cups  were topped  with thick
brown nipples.  Kelly seemed to be in a constant state of arousal
and both her parents  knew that she was no longer  a virgin.  Sex
discussed quite openly in the family.   In fact, it was the topic
of today's  conversation in  the car.   "C'mom Mom",  said Kelly,
"What's the kinkiest stuff  that you and dad do?"   Katherine was
surprised to feel  herself blush at the question.   "C'mom Mom.",
taunted her daughter, "'Fess up."
     "Oh God!", said  Katherine, "O.K. young lady,  you asked for
it!  Your  father and I  like mostly to  play at bondage  games."
"OOOoooo", said  Kelly, sitting  forward on  her seat,  "Really?"
"Yes,  really.", said Katherine, still embarrassed.   "He ties me
up and teases me and sometimes he blindfolds me.", she sighed, "I
guess I really like being submissive  to your dad."  Kelly's eyes
went wide  as she listened  to her mother's confession.   "Wow!",
she breathed,
     "What does he  do to you  when you're  tied up?"   "Kelly!",
exclaimed her mother.   "Please, mom.  I want to know."  "Alright
said Katherine, "He pinches my nips and he usually licks me while
I'm helpless.   He likes touching my  behind while I'm tied  so I
can  usually expect to be  spanked just like  you are when you're
bad.  And he often puts  something into my bottom."  "MMMmmmmmm",
murmured Kelly smiling.  Katherine was now  blushing furiously as
she told  her daughter how  being helpless really turned  her on.
Finally Katherine decided to turn the tables.
     "What about  you Kelly?",  she asked,  "What's the  kinkiest
thing you've ever done?"  Now it was Kelly's turn to blush as she
realized that she would have to tell.  "Welllll", she said, "Once
when I  was at  Bobby's place and  his parents weren't  there, we
started to  fool around  and we  were just  about to  do it  when
Bobby's friend Frank  came over.  We pulled  our clothes together
and Frank  came in.  God, I was sooooo  hot!  Anyway, Frank could
easily  see that we  had been fooling  around.   Bobby grinned at
Frank.  "Hey Frank",  he said, "Do you want to  see a little more
of Kelly?"   Frank grinned back, "Sure."  Bobby  reached over and
pulled me close to  him.  He turned  me around so my back  was to
him and then  he pulled  my hands  up until they  were behind  my
head.  I was really helpless.  Frank was looking at  my stretched
body and I felt vulnerable in front of him.  Bobby must have made
some kind of  sign to him  because all of  a sudden, Frank  moved
forward and started unbuttoning my blouse.  I started to struggle
but Bobby had me firmly  secured.  I wasn't wearing a  bra and my
breasts started to come into  view.  Frank was watching carefully
as my blouse slowly opened complete.  My blouse was taken off and
they both got to feel my boobies.  Frank pinched my nipples and I
was so hot I thought  I was going to  come right there!   Anyway,
they made me go topless the whole night.  It was pretty great and
later, when Bobby  and I were  alone, it  was wild!   He made  me
strip and get into  all kinds of erotic poses  for him.  He  said
that next time he's going to take pictures of me.
     Katherine was feeling a little  warm herself.  Kelly's story
had  definitely turned  her on.   She could  feel her  own juices
flowing between  her legs.   All of  a sudden  there was  a sound
behind the car.  Katherine looked in the rear view mirror.  There
was a police  car there!   The red and  blue lights were  happily
turning around and she  knew that they were  for her.   Katherine
looked down at the speedometer  and sure enough she was speeding!
"Shit", she said.   She had gotten so caught up  in Kelly's story
that she hadn't noticed that she  was now doing 70mph!  Katherine
slowed down  and drifted off  to the  side as  the Georgia  State
Trooper pulled in  behind her.  Katherine found  herself a little
nervous as she  waited for the police  officer to walk up  to the
car.  Prepared as  she was, the tone of the cop was unexpected as
she lowered her window.
     "Get out of the  car Ma'am", said the burly cop.   Katherine
shook her head in disbelief at the rude tone of the officer.  She
opened  the door and slowly got out.   "License!" barked the cop.
Katherine slowly opened her wallet to hand over her license.  The
police  officer was leering at Katherine as he looked at Kelly in
the passenger seat.   "So darlin'", he drawled,  "Y'all are going
to have  to come down  to the police station  about your speeding
fine."  "Just  a minute.", said Katherine, "Don't  you just write
me a ticket  and send me  on my way?"   "'Fraid not  Ma'am.   New
rules says you  gotta come down to  the station so the  judge can
determine how much your fine should  be."  "Well that's just  not
fair.", said  Katherine, starting to  raise her voice.   "You can
write me a fine if you like but I'm not going to take the rest of
my day  to pay  a silly  speeding ticket!"   Ma'am  you can  come
quietly or I'll  have to  arrest you.   Now get  into the  police
cruiser."  "I won't do it I tell you.", said Katherine.
     The next  thing she knew,  Katherine was facing her  car and
had been  pushed over  the trunk.    "Hey!", she  shouted as  the
officer  slipped  handcuffs  onto  her wrists.    By  now  Kelly,
frightened for her mother had come out of the car.  "What are you
doing?" she cried.  "Now you just  stay out of this Missy.", said
the cop.   "OK Ma'am, you're under  arrest.  I'll have  to search
you  now  before you're  put  into the  police  car.   Just stand
still."  The cop's rough hands slid up Katherine's thighs despite
her  protests and  continued  until  her  white  cotton  panties.
Katherine  held her  breath.   The  thick fingers  slid into  the
elastic of the panties and up along  her wet slit.  "Mmmmm", said
the cop.    Kelly was  shocked.   She couldn't  believe this  was
happening.  When the policeman's  hands slipped into the front of
her mother's shirt to pinch her already hard nipples she leapt at
the cop, jumping on his back.
     The tough Georgia  cop was much stronger than  either of the
woman and in another moment, Kelly  found herself handcuffed just
like her  mother.   "Well,  well" said  the cop,  "Time for  your
search  Missy."   his hands  moved  slowly up  Kelly's skirt  and
slipped higher  and higher.  Kelly was  mortified.  She knew that
in a  moment the hands would be high  enough to discover that she
was wearing no panties at all.  The strong hands of the policeman
spread Kelly's thighs apart as he moved higher.  As she expected,
his hands found her  hot and wet pussy completely exposed.  Kelly
gasped as his  thick finger slid along  her wet slit.   The hands
left her thighs and  a moment later she felt them  move under her
T-Shirt to find  her budding breasts.  The nipples  were hard and
despite herself  Kelly moaned as  he pinched them.   "Ok  you two
into the car now." said the cop.   Neither of the two women  said
anything during the ten minute drive to the police station.
     They  were hustled  into  the building  in  short order  and
brought to a bench outside an office.   "Wait here" said the cop.
Another ten minutes  passed by waiting.  Their  wrists were still
held by  the handcuffs.   An  officer came  up to  them then  and
brought them into an  office.  They were brought in  front of the
desk of  another officer.  This  one seemed to be in  charge.  He
looked up at Katherine  first.  "Well Ma'am, I  don't suppose you
realize just how much  trouble you're in here."  he  said.  "This
is  outrageous!" started Katherine  but she was  quickly cut off.
"Just a  minute!" said  the  cop, "I've  got  you down  here  for
reckless driving and  resisting arrest and  that alone could  put
you  in jail  for  6  months  so you  just  mind  your  manners."
Katherine shut up  as though a bucket of water had been thrown on
her.  "Now  then.", said the cop,  "You'll be staying in  our own
jail overnight and  the judge will see  you in the morning.   But
you'd best mind  your manners  because I  can tell  you that  the
officers  her aren't likely  to take kindly  to you putting  up a
ruckus.   They've been known to put a  young lady over their knee
for being  impolite so  watch yourself.   This officer  here will
bring  you to  the  detention  cells."   Katherine  was about  to
protest again but one look from  the policeman and she though the
better of  it.   The judge  would let  them go  soon enough,  she
figured.
     The younger officer brought them out of the office and along
a corridor.  In  front of a locked door, he told Kelly to wait on
the bench.  Katherine was brought into the room where there was a
table and a chair.  "Take off all your clothes.", said  the young
cop.   Katherine  looked up  wide-eyed.   "Ma'am,  you can  do it
yourself,  or I'll call a couple of  strong armed policemen to do
it for you."   Hesitantly Katherine reached up  for the remaining
buttons on her  shirt.  Given the few clothes she was wearing, it
did not  take long until  she was  naked.  Her  hands reflexively
covered her naked breasts and pussy.  "Turn around  and bend over
the table."  said the cop.   Nervously, Katherine did  as she was
asked.   The table was  cool against  her breasts.   "Spread your
legs  Ma'am." said  the cop.   Katherine  spread her  long tanned
thighs.  She watched the policeman  walk around her to a  counter
running along the  wall.  Her eyes  got wider as she  watched him
put on  a plastic glove and cover it  with jelly.  He disappeared
from view behind her.  Two  of his long thin fingers touched  her
naked  pussy and  in one  long  slow motion,  slid deep  into her
pussy.  She  reached up on her toes  as he pushed deep  into her.
The fingers moved  in and out slightly, further  exciting the hot
young woman.  After twisting in and  out a few times, the fingers
slid out of  her.  Katherine thought  the humiliating examination
was over but  there was more to  come.  The slippery  fingers now
touched her tinier  more sensitive opening.  "Oh no...", murmured
Katherine as the same two fingers pushed into her hot anus.  They
slid deeper and deeper putting Katherine back on her toes as they
twisted slowly.   Katherine had  never been able to  resist being
touched in her ass.  The sensation  had always seemed a 'naughty'
thing.  The rectal  exam was, if  anything, longer and slower  as
the fingers moved  in and out  of her tight  opening.  When  they
were finally withdrawn,  Katherine was left gasping  for air with
her  face beat-red.    Knowing  that her  pussy  juices were  now
flowing  freely   from  the   stimulation  had   her  even   more
embarrassed.   The cop  gave her a  short cotton shift  to put on
that was not unlike a hospital gown.  Katherine was acutely aware
of her nakedness  as she was led from a side  door into a regular
jail cell.
     The cop returned to the  waiting Kelly who was still outside
the main door  to the examining room.   "Come in." said  the cop.
Nervously  Kelly entered the  room her  mother had  just vacated.
"Remove all your  clothes.", said the  cop.   This was too  much.
With  the exception  of the  one time  with her  boyfriend Bobby,
Kelly had  never been  seen naked by  a man.   Despite  the cop's
continuing request, Kelly would not  remove her clothes.  Without
further ado, the strong young officer grabbed Kelly's wrists  and
pulled her over his knee as  he sat in the chair.  "You're  going
to  learn to  obey young lady."  he said  as he pulled  her skirt
right to  her waist.  Kelly's pantyless bottom was exposed to his
view.  The  spanking was hard and  hot and Kelly felt  her bottom
was on fire as he pulled her back onto her feet.  Without further
prompting Kelly removed  her skirt and T-Shirt and  bent over the
table as directed.   She blushed  a deep  red when instructed  to
spread her legs but did as she was  told.  When the policeman put
on the plastic glove, Kelly shuddered but obediently remained  in
her  exposed position.   The  long  fingers slid  into her  tight
teenage pussy sliding easily thanks  to the juices of the already
horny young girl.  The fingers started a slow in and out movement
and  Kelly found herself  rocking back and  forth pressing harder
and harder onto the fingers.  She was almost sorry when they were
pulled from her.   The finger at  the entrance to her  bottom was
completely unexpected,  however.   Kelly gasped  as the  slippery
finger pressed against her puckered opening.  "Oh!", gasped Kelly
as the finger forced its way past  her sphincter and into her hot
rectum.  Kelly had never  experienced anything like this  before.
The feeling of the  long finger working its way slowly  into her,
opening  her up  and  holding  her open  was  incredible.   Kelly
couldn't catch  her breath as  she found herself pushing  back on
the finger trying to pull  more of it into  her hot bottom.   The
long leisurely  rectal exam lasted  a couple of minutes  and left
Kelly panting and moaning by the time it was over.
     Kelly was dressed in the same cotton gown as  her mother and
brought to an adjoining cell.   Her hands were handcuffed  to the
head of the bed.   Despite her desperate situation, Kelly's hands
pulled against the cuffs as she tried to reach her soaking pussy.
The  exam had left her  hot and soaking wet and  she was dying to
bring herself relief.   The morning  was not  long in coming  and
Kelly  was  nervous  as  she   waited  patiently  for  her  court
appearance.   She had been  awakened several times by  the guards
for 'inspections'.   Each  time they came  in, she  was terrified
that she  would be  raped, but each  time they  seemed interested
only in turning  on her young  body.  She  was stripped and  held
helpless, while the men examined her naked body.   Each time, she
was  left  hot,  wet  and  very frustrated  and  each  time,  the
embarrassment of the examination seemed to turn her on more.
     Now it was morning and  she wondered what would happen next.
The door  to the  cell opened quite  suddenly and as  Kelly moved
into the corridor,  she saw her  mother, Katherine being  brought
from her cell also clothed in only the thin cotton shift.   Kelly
expected that they would be allowed to  put on their own clothing
before  going into  the courtroom  next door  but they  were not.
Acutely aware of her naked bottom showing in the open back of the
gown, Kelly and Katherine were pulled into the  next room to meet
the  judge.   "Well, now.",  he said upon  seeing them,  "You two
ladies are in  a fair amount of  trouble.  I've reviewed  all the
evidence and  I'm prepared  to sentence you.   Is  there anything
you'd like to say on your own behalf before I do?"  Katherine was
shocked.  "But, don't we even get a trial?", she asked.  "Oh, but
you did Missy.", said the judge.   "You were found guilty as  can
be.  OK then,  as far as  sentence goes, I can  tell you that  we
have a  particular method  of punishing young  ladies.   So, your
sentence is set  at 1 year in jail or punishment at the bailiff's
discretion."   Katherine  was pale.   "What  does that  mean your
honor?", she asked.  The judge smiled.  "That means that  you and
your pretty young daughter can spend  a year in our fine jail  or
you'll be punished immediately as  the sheriff sees fit.  That'll
probably mean that you won't be sitting to well for a while.  You
can have five minutes to make up your mind."
     Katherine  and  Kelly sat  down in  the little  courtroom to
discus their fate.  "Are you ok?", asked Katherine.   "Sure Mom."
said her daughter. "What should we  do?"  "I don't think we  have
any choice to  tell you the  truth.", said Katherine.   "I  think
we're going to have to choose  being spanked.  I certainly  don't
plan for us  to spend the next  year here in  jail!"  "Ok."  said
Kelly nervously.
     The  two pretty women stood up and  faced the judge.  "We've
decided."  Katherine   told  him,  "We'll  accept  the  sheriff's
punishment."  The judge  smiled again as the sheriff  led the two
of them out  of the courtroom and  into a separate room.   In the
center of the room was a vaulting horse just like you'd find in a
high school gymnasium.  The  two women were pulled to  the center
of the room and their  gowns were removed leaving them completely
naked.  "You first." said the sheriff pointing to Katherine.  The
two deputies took the  older woman and brought her to  the end of
the vault.  Her ankles were attached to the legs of the vault and
spread wide apart.  Leather cuffs were attached to her wrists and
then pulled forward until she was stretched out along the leather
vault, her breasts pressed into the cool leather.  Kelly watched,
fascinated from behind as all her mother's charms  were revealed.
She saw  that, like her, her  mother had been 'attended  to' last
night.   The  slick sheen  of lubricant  was evident  between her
shapely buttocks.  The sheriff  came forward and put an  open jar
of vaseline  on Katherine's back.   His long fingers  dipped into
the  jar and  then moved down  to Katherine's  tiny opening.   As
first one, then two fingers  penetrated her, Katherine was unable
to contain  a moan  as the  fingers slid  deep into  her.   Kelly
watched as despite herself, her  mother began thrusting her  hips
backward to get  more of the fingers  into her.  Now  the sheriff
removed his fingers  and then Kelly watched him  take out a small
object from his  pocket.  She didn't  recognize it at first.   It
was made out of white  plastic and was about  4 inches long.   It
was thin at one  end then flared out to about an  inch or an inch
and a half  wide in the middle  then tapered in again to  about a
half inch  wide before joining  a "T" shaped  end piece.   As the
sheriff  placed the  tapered end  of the  device to  the puckered
entrance of  her mother's  bottom, Kelly  suddenly realized  that
once this object was inserted into the rectum, it would be firmly
lodged there until the sheriff pulled it out.
     Kelly had  never had anything  in her bottom before  she was
examined there  yesterday but the  thought of this anal  plug was
very distracting.  Kelly caught herself clenching her buttocks as
she wondered what it would be like to have that inserted  in her.
The plug had now been inserted into Katherine and Kelly heard her
moans of  arousal as the  sheriff toyed  with it.   Katherine was
beside herself.  She could not remember ever being  so turned on.
The plug  in her  ass was  driving her  crazy.  Now  she saw  the
sheriff reach  for a paddle.   Katherine heard the whoosh  of the
paddle as it swung down onto her  bottom.  The heat of the  smack
took her breath  away.  The next followed immediately after.  The
spanking  was certainly not light  but Katherine had frankly been
prepared for  worse.   The heat from  the paddle was  burning her
behind  but was  also  travelling  right through  her  body.   In
particular,  her pussy was  getting hotter and  hotter. Katherine
could  feel her own juices trickling down  her inner thighs.  The
spanking stopped  long enough  for the sheriff  to play  with her
anal plug then started again.
     When next  he stopped,  Katherine was  breathing hard.   Her
hips  were squirming  in constant  motion from  the sting  of the
paddle and  the constant  stimulation of  her anus.   One of  the
deputies knelt down behind her and Kelly watched as a small dildo
was slid into  her mother's soaking pussy.  'Are they going to do
that to me?', she wondered.   Katherine was beside herself.   The
sensation of  finally having  her pussy  touched was  incredible.
She was so close  to coming that she knew it would  be soon.  The
paddling  started  again  on  her  already  hot  and  red bottom.
Katherine's hips were in moving all over the leather vault as she
pulled at her bonds.  All of a sudden both the plug in her bottom
and the plug  in her pussy started  to vibrate.  With  the paddle
still  descending, and this  new sensation  in her  most intimate
openings, it  was too much.   Katherine felt the  orgasm starting
from deep  in her belly.   She pulled frantically at  the leather
cuffs surrounding her  wrists and ankles  as she cried out.   The
orgasm came in wave after wave  coming again as she clenched  her
anus down hard on  the vibrating butt plug.  Finally,  it and her
'punishment' was over.  Now it was Kelly's turn.
     Katherine was taken off of the vault and Kelly was led over.
Her young teenage body  had never been so turned on.   Seeing her
pretty mother punished and then brought to orgasm in the way that
she  was had been  an incredible experience.   Now  she was being
tied across the vault  just as her mother had been.   The leather
was warm where  Katherine had lain across it  moments earlier and
Kelly could  feel her mother's  juices at the  end of  the vault.
Her legs were spread wide apart and fastened to the legs and then
her pert young breasts were pressed  into the warm leather as her
wrists were attached far out in front of her.  Kelly felt the jar
of vaseline as it was placed on the small of her back  and as the
fingers  sheriff's fingers  touched her  tiny  anal opening,  she
tried in vain to clench her buttocks.  First one then two fingers
pressed  firmly  into  her  bottom  as  she  was  lubricated   in
preparation  for  the  plug  that would  soon  be  placed  there.
Katherine watched,  her plug still  inside her  although not  now
vibrating  as her  daughter  was  prepared  for  her  punishment.
Katherine  had never seen  her daughter exposed  like this before
and she could  see her toes curl as the sheriff's fingers slid in
and out of  her tight bottom.  Kelly's pussy  juices were plainly
evident  and  Katherine knew  that  Kelly  would  also be  coming
shortly.  The spanking proceeded just  like it had for the  older
woman  and Katherine watched,  fascinated, as the  vibrating anal
plug  was inserted  then turned  on.   The paddle  descended upon
Kelly's  naked buttckes  turning  them a  bright  pink.   Kelly's
breathing  got louder  and louder  and  Katherine shuddered  with
excitement as Kelly pulled desperately  at her bonds as she cried
out during her orgasm.
     Exhausted, their  bottoms sore,  the two  pretty women  were
given  back their  clothes and  driven  out to  their car,  still
waiting by the side of the road.   As the officer let them out of
the police cruiser  he tipped his hat  to the two women.   "Y'all
enjoy the rest of your day." he  chuckled and then drove off.  As
Katherine and  Kelly got into  their car, Katherine  reached over
and hugged Kelly to her.  "Well,  I'll say this.", she said, "I'm
sure not going to be speeding in the near future."  Kelly laughed
and then gave her mother a strange look. "Oh, I don't know.", she
said, "My bottom's sure  sore.  But I don't think  I've ever been
that  turned  on."    "Me neither."  Admitted  Katherine  as  she
wondered if this was only the beginning.
Sam and his Young Sisters
Story #36 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     When he was  8 or so,  Sam discovered the  game of  "Playing
Doctor". Sam had 2  sisters. One was just  6 at the time  and the
other was only  two years old  but already,  he had noticed  that
there were some differences between boys and girls.  The grownups
seemed to want to discourage Sam's discovery but he was not to be
thwarted.  Sam had already  talked to his best friend Mark  about
this  and Mark had told  him some VERY  interesting news.  Mark's
sister  Paula was  only  a year  younger than  him  and Mark  had
already "Played Doctor"  with her.  Sam was very excited.  He and
Mark arranged to  go over to Mark's  house the next day  when his
parents would be absent to "play".
     The next day  Sam was up early.  His parents remarked on how
eager  he was to get  over to Mark's house to  play but when they
asked him what  they would do there  the answer was oddly  vague.
Sam was soon on his way over to Mark's and very soon they were in
the basement, getting ready  for their game.  They set  up a kind
of "fort".   The kind that kids are won't to set up in basements,
it was  made of whatever  materials they could find  then covered
with  blankets  and sleeping  bags.    Soon,  Paula  was  enticed
downstairs  with promises of  popsicles and other  delights.  She
was very  hesitant when she saw  Sam but Mark  became quite stern
and told her she would be getting a spanking if she did not do as
she  was told.  They let  her into the fort  and climbed in after
her.  They  were, of a necessity, sitting down.  Mark looked over
at Paula and told her to take off her dress.  Paula hesitated and
Mark told  her that  her spanking would  be worse if  she waited.
The dress  was removed leaving  Paula in her young  girl panties.
They were white cotton with tiny blue  dots all over them.  Paula
was instructed  to get  on her hands  and knees  and she  did so,
presenting her  taught little bottom  to the boys.   Mark reached
over and  ever so  slowly pulled  the panties  to her  knees.   A
moment later  they were worked  off her  legs and she  was naked.
She was ordered to  open her legs next.   The two boys peered  up
into her smooth tiny little  slit.  Sam would remember  the scene
for the rest of his life.  He would often  want girls to get into
this  position and,  when  he was  older  and experimenting  with
dominance and submission,  he would have young  submissive girls,
wait in this position for ages while he examined them.   Mark now
ordered Paula  onto her back  and she turned over  and obediently
spread her knees.   First Mark then Sam  took turns touching  her
tiny  pussy.  They  attempted to push their  fingers into her but
were  only able  to  do so  for  about a  half-inch  before Paula
complained.  Sam was delighted and  obviously Mark was too.  They
had  Paula get  into a  variety  of positions  each one  exposing
herself a little differently.  Finally, Mark told her that it was
time for  her spanking.   Paula, complained  that she had  been a
good girl, but Mark was unrelenting.  Paula bent over  Mark's lap
and then, at his insistence, spread  her legs so Sam could get  a
good view.   The spanking  was brief  and not very  hard but  Sam
could see Paula's bottom get  a little pink under Mark's smacking
hand.    Paula  was  next   ordered  to  lie  across  Sam's  lap.
Reluctantly she did so.   Sam was beside himself.   He rested his
left hand in the  small of her back and his right on the curve of
her  tiny  buttocks.    His   first  few  tentative  smacks  were
featherweight and it was Paula who told him to spank harder.  Sam
did so and thus  gave his very first spanking.  It  was not to be
his last.
     The next weekend it was Sam's sister's turn and she suffered
much the  same fate  as Paula.   Both  Sam and  Mark noticed  the
differences between the two girls  bodies and vowed to arrange to
have  them both together in one room.  It took a couple of months
to arrange it but finally all four were in the room  at one time.
Mark and  Sam were both 9  now and Paula  and Nancy were 8  and 7
respectively.   Once  they were  all in  Mark's basement  and the
parents were  gone, the  girls were ordered  to follow  the boy's
instructions  exactly.  They were very shy in front of each other
but agreed finally.  Nancy was ordered  to stand in the middle of
the room with her  hands up above her head.   Then Paula was told
to take  off her  dress.   Nancy almost  quit then,  but after  a
minute or two,  decided to stay.  Paula removed  her dress, then,
as instructed  her little  panties.  This  left Nancy  completely
naked.   Paula  was next  and Nancy  removed all of  her clothes.
Paula had begun having a few pubic  hairs and this was the object
of much attention of  the rest of the  kids.  Her tiny  pussy was
examined  minutely  by  all  three  kids.   Paula  was  red  with
embarrassment but she  followed the instructions.   The "Doctor's
examination" was much the same  as before with the exception that
the girls each joined in for  the exam.  When they were  spanked,
each bent over the lap of one  of the boys then half-way through,
they switched.  The girls seemed to enjoy themselves but the guys
loved it.  These types of  scenes continued for years.  Each  was
more involved than the last.  Sam continued playing with Mark for
a couple  of years then  they drew  apart.  The  "doctor's exams"
continued however.   Sam remembered  being 18 years old  when the
last occasion arose.  He and his sister were visiting the country
home of one of Nancy's best friends.  They were now both 15 years
old.  Sam knew for a fact that they were both virgins.  The  trip
had been pretty much uneventful until the third day.  Sam and the
girls had  gone for a canoe  trip across the lake.   The trip was
not very long and was not  very difficult but it resulted in  the
three kids being in complete privacy.   They beached the canoe on
the opposite  side of the  lake and proceeded up  the trail there
until they  came to a tiny  clearing at the  top of a hill.   The
scenery was beautiful.  While sitting around, Sam started to talk
about the  games of "Playing Doctor" when  they were younger.  He
and  his  sister had  not  played  in several  months.   She  was
becoming  quite well  developed he  had noticed  and  was already
considering  different  boyfriends.    Janice   was  even  better
developed than Nancy.   Her breasts were already  quite large and
her bottom was  the curvy kind that  would probably get her  in a
lot  of trouble in  later years.   Sam imagined it  bent over his
lap.  The stories got more  and more detailed and the three  kids
got more and more  excited.  Finally Sam asked the  girls if they
wanted  to play.   Nancy looked at  Janice for a  moment and they
both nodded  in unison. Sam  started by ordering Janice  to strip
Nancy.  Nancy  felt her best friend remove  article after article
until at  last she was completely  naked.  Sam instructed  her to
hold her  hands behind her  head.  The  view was excellent.   Her
pussy hair was brown  and curly and the sight of  her breasts was
delicious.   Her  nipples were  still  pink and  not particularly
large.  Sam knew,  however, how sensitive  they were.  Nancy  was
told to  turn around and  the other two  got a  good look at  her
curvy behind.  Sam told  Janice to reach down and spread  Nancy's
buttocks.  She  hesitated a moment before obeying.   Nancy gasped
as they were spread apart.  Her pink anus  came into view and Sam
had  Janice hold her like that  for a moment, leaving it exposed.
Janice was  next.   Nancy stripped  her quickly and  as her  firm
breasts came  into view,  Sam stood  up.   Her nipples  were very
large.   They were thick  and long.   They were the same  pink as
Nancy's but their  size had Sam mesmerized.  Her pussy hair was a
perfect blond.  Janice too was turned and had her  cheeks spread.
The sensation must have been a new one for her because  Sam could
see her embarrassment.  Janice was the first to be examined.  Sam
had her  lie on her  back just  like in a  doctor's office.   Her
knees were spread  wide apart  and he had  Nancy hold them  open.
Sam got down between her legs and started touching her pussy.  He
toyed with her blond hairs and gently rubbed her.  He leaned back
a bit  and  ordered Nancy  to  do the  same.   Her  fingers  were
trembling slightly as she reached  forward to rub the young slit.
Sam and Nancy  could see  that the  pussy lips were  moist.   Sam
reached down and ever so slowly pushed a finger into Janice.  She
moaned and pushed her hips up  at the feeling.  Sam was  startled
for a moment and then pushed a little deeper.  He was rewarded by
Janice pushing up  harder at him.   Soon he had his  whole finger
buried in her  pussy.  He started  them moving in and  out slowly
and Janice's hips  moved up  and down  of their own  accord.   He
pulled  out of her  and had Nancy  replace his  finger with hers.
Nancy did so and soon was moving her finger in and out.  Sam slid
his hand lower  and felt the juices of the  teenager sliding down
between her  cheeks.  He let one finger  trace them down into the
sensitive  crack and  then  slowly pushed  one  into her  bottom.
Janice  opened her  eyes and  gasped.   Evidently  she had  never
experienced that before.  Nancy's  finger was still moving in her
and now Sam's finger entered slowly  into her rear.  The  feeling
must have been exquisite for Janice.  Sam felt Nancy's  finger as
he pushed  still deeper.   All  of a  sudden,  Janice gasped  and
tightened her whole body still pushing up into Nancy's finger and
then down  onto  Sam's.   When  Janice had  calmed  down, it  was
Nancy's turn.  Janice was  very hesitant about touching Nancy and
Sam had  her  get onto  her hands  and knees  and  reach back  to
display her  anus.  The  position was very  submissive.  Sam  had
Janice wet  her fingers in Nancy's  pussy and then it  was Janice
who had to insert her finger into Nancy's rear.  It did not  take
long for Nancy  to come.  She  was already hot from  playing with
her friend Janice.  As she started to spasm, she collapsed on the
grass.  When they had all  calmed down, Sam had Janice and  Nancy
remove  his clothes  and then  licked  him until  he  came.   The
sensation of  two hot tongues  touching him was incredible.   The
girls licked him with wanton  abandon, running their hands across
his chest and playing with his balls.  They slurped up his juices
from his belly until he was clean again.
     That was the last time that Sam and his sisters got together
but the experience of dominating  the young girls stayed with him
until later  years.   His experiences as  a dominant  were always
reminiscent of his youth with his young submissive sisters.
Jennifer and her Mistress
Story #37 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     "Jennifer, it's time  to go."  Jennifer looked  up, her eyes
wide.   Jennifer was  a gorgeous 18  year old  blond.   Her large
brown eyes looked up at you  nervously.  She was trembling.   You
and she had talked about  this trip for weeks.  Now the  time had
finally  come and Jennifer  was apprehensive about  submitting in
the  way  she  would  tonight.    Your  own  nipples  tingled  in
anticipation as you  thought of what would be  happening over the
next few  hours.  Jennifer  would be following  your instructions
just as  she  had  over  the  last few  months.    She  would  be
undressed, tied  and teased in much the same way.  The difference
tonight is that she would be doing all this while your Master was
present.    Jennifer was  not  a virgin  but  she had  never been
submissive with a  man.  You  had introduced her  to the joys  of
dominant/submissive fun yourself several months ago.
     You  think  back, remembering  the  shy young  girl  who had
fallen,  infatuously, in lust  with you.  You  would be her first
female  lover and you smile as you remember that evening when you
lay  out the rules  of how it  would be.  Jennifer  had been very
nervous  then too  as  you had  watched  her  undress.   You  had
remained fully  clothed as she undressed  before you.   It was an
evening of  "firsts".  That  evening, she  had been tied  for the
first time, she experienced being licked by another woman for the
first time,  she felt her  bottom penetrated for the  first time.
Yes, it had been  an enjoyable evening.  You told  her that first
night, that one  day, you would display  her for your  Master and
now, that day had arrived.
     The last few hours had been carefully scripted out.  You and
Jennifer had  been "preparing"  her since the  morning.   You had
first given her a  long, sensuous bath, followed by  a warm, slow
rubdown.   Jennifer was  immediately uncomfortable,  not used  to
having you pamper over her.  You wanted everything to be perfect.
Before you let her up, you had  her turn onto her back and  raise
her knees.    Jennifer was  never  comfortable about  having  her
bottom touched but this did not  deter you as you reached a  well
oiled finger between  her legs and slid it slowly but firmly into
her tight teenage bottom.  Her hips lifted involuntarily from the
table as  you  lubricated her  deeply.   As  usual,  she was  not
allowed to wear panties or a bra and the white dress you have her
wear is almost  see through.  She has  been dressed provocatively
before but  her appearance now  is pratically an offering.   When
you look directly, her erect brown nipples are clearly visible as
they poke at  the thin fabric of  the dress.  You  have her stand
and turn for you.  The  backless dress shows off her tanned  back
beautifully and you can just make out the tan lines on her bottom
as she faces away from you.  You  know that I will love the look.
There is  one  more touch  to add  before you  leave.   You  have
Jennifer  stand in  front of  you and  you gently  attach leather
cuffs  to her  wrists and  ankles.   You  can  see her  breathing
quicken as the bonds  are attached.  You remember the  first time
that you wore  such leather restraints and you  feel the familiar
tingle between your legs  that reminds you of  how much you  love
it.  You  take your carry bag that has been carefully packed with
a number of toys and you tell her to follow you.
     Downstairs and into  the car,  Jennifer follows  obediently.
You can  see that the whole  idea of submitting  to her Mistress'
Master  is a  turn-on for  her.   Jennifer seems  relieved to  be
actually in the car, her leather wrist and ankle cuffs thankfully
out of the public eye for the moment.  She lifts her dress to her
waist, following  the training you  have given her to  always sit
her flesh directly onto the  seat.  You drive the car  out of the
center of town  and into a nearby  suburb.  It  is evening.   You
stop on a quiet suburban street and reach into the bag.  You pull
out a  blindfold and  use it  to  cover Jennifer's  eyes.   "Lean
forward.",  you  say and  the  young  girl  obediently  does  so,
allowing you to fasten her wrists together behind her.  The drive
continues  for a  few minutes and  finally, you pull  up into the
circular drive of  a pretty suburban home.  "Kick  off your shoes
Jennifer.   You  won't  be  needing  them for  the  rest  of  the
evening."   Jennifer  kicks her  shoes off  her feet  leaving her
barefoot.   "Wait her  for instructions  Jennifer.  Someone  will
tell you what to  do."  You get out of the car  and walk into the
house.  I am waiting for  you.  We wait for a couple  of minutes,
letting Jennifer's anticipation build.
     We both walk out to the car and you open the passenger door.
Without saying  anything, you reach  in and take Jennifer  by the
arm.   She is breathing heavily.  With  her blindfold on, she has
no idea  who is leading  her out of  the car and  into the house.
The feeling of being barefoot on the cool asphalt of the driveway
is very strange  for her but does  not last long as  you lead her
into the house.   Once inside,  Jennifer is brought into  the den
where I have  been prepared  for her  for hours.   You leave  her
standing in the middle of the room as I take several  pictures of
her.  "Get her ready.", I say to you.  You move forward and  undo
the wrist  cuffs attached behind  her back.  "Stand  still.", you
say.   I watch as  Jennifer stands, trembling slightly  while you
remove her  flimsy white dress.  In a moment  it is done, and she
stands naked in front of us.
     You  attach her  wrist cuffs  to a convenient  rope dangling
from the ceiling and  I pull her wrists above her  head until she
is stretched upward.  Her ankles are next and you attach  them to
ropes that pull  them apart until she  is on tiptoe,  spread wide
and helpless before  us.  She  is still blindfolded and  we leave
her that way while  you take some more  pictures of her.   I move
forward now  and touch her for the first  time.  She gasps as she
feels the unfamiliar  fingers stroke her breast,  stretched tight
against her  chest.  I grasp her already  hard nipple and pull it
out from her body.  Her left nipple is next and as I pull it out,
I attach one of  the nipple clips to it.   The first nipple feels
the  pinching feeling of a  clip as I  attach that next.   I move
away from the young girl enjoying the view of  her body stretched
out before us  with the prominent nipple clips  sticking out from
her.   Her blond  pussy hair is  in a  pretty thatch  between her
thighs.  We had discussed for  weeks whether or not it should  be
shaved and had decided that it  would be removed in my  presence.
You  know that Jennifer is very apprehensive about being removed.
I reach down to tug at it.  "This will be removed today.", I tell
her.  She  shudders in reply.   I motion you  behind her and  you
pick  up the hot  lubricant and her butt  plug as you  do.  I see
your finger dip deeply into the  jar of Hote Lube and then  slide
between her curvy  buttocks.  She gasps again as  the thin finger
slides into her.  The plug is next and I watch her  arch her back
trying in vain to avoid the  plastic intruder as it is slid  into
the tiny opening.  The heat of the Hot Lube is immediate and  she
immediately starts to  squirm in her bonds.   We move back  and a
number of pictures  are taken from all angles.  "Alright", I say,
"Take her down."
     You release her  from her bondage and  lead her over to  the
doctor's examining table.  As soon as  she is on it, she realizes
what it  is and when her feet go into  the stirrups, she is sure.
She whimpers, wondering what will  happen next.  I reach down  to
play with  her  plug  as you  fasten  her wrists  and  ankles  to
convenient clips  in the table.   I  watch and photograph  as you
slowly and carefully remove all of her pussy hair.  I can see her
blush deeply as she realizes that it is being removed.  Her pussy
lips have begun to puff out and  I can just see a trickle of  her
juices  running down  to further  lubricate her butt  plug, still
sticking obscenely from her bottom.  When she is smooth as a baby
and her white pussy lips have been gently oiled, we take yet more
pictures.
     Jennifer is  released again  and brought to  the bed.   "Get
into  your submissive  position.", you  tell  her.   She does  so
quickly, kneeling down on the bed with her knees wide apart.  She
bends  forward to rest  her head on  the bed and  reaches back to
expose her  filled anus  and newly  shaved pussy.   The scene  is
exquisite I take several  more pictures of it.  I  have you strip
and bend  over and insert your own plug  before we continue.  You
are in for the  treat you've been waiting for and  I have you lie
on  your back and I slide half of  a large double dildo into your
soaking pussy.  You are  close to coming and I have  to go slowly
to keep you  from getting there too quickly.  When you are filled
to the hilt, I stand and remove my own clothing.  You move behind
the  young teenager  and I  watch  as you  touch the  tip  of the
plastic  penis to her  now smooth pussy.   I get onto  the bed in
front of the young girl.  "Attach  her wrists again." I say.  You
take her hands from her buttocks  and fasten the cuffs once again
behind her back.   I watch as you hold onto  her wrists and begin
to slide the long cock into her.   "Open your mouth Jennifer.", I
say.  Jennifer obediently follows my instructions.  I sit down in
front of her  and guide her young  mouth over my ver  erect cock.
She hungrily slides  it down her throat.   As she does,  you push
forward impaling her  on the cock that  now fills you both.   She
pushes back hard as your smooth pussy slides up against her.  You
start  to push and pull in and out  of her in a steady rythmn.  I
grasp her hair in both  hands and pull her head up and  down onto
my cock.   I can  see you reach down  with one hand  to twist her
plug and I feel her moan as you do so.  The  orgasm that has been
building in  the young girl starts peak and  this time, we do not
stop it.  She gasps openly and then sucks even tighter onto me as
her belly starts to explode  with all the sensations happening at
once.  Her nipples, still firmly grasped by the nipple clips seem
to  swell as  she rams  back into  you, pushing the  double dildo
deeper into both of your pussies.  You push hard at her anal plug
and you watch her tiny ass clench at the intruder.   Suddenly you
are coming  too and I  hear you cry  out with  pleasure.  I  pull
Jennifer's head  down to hold  my cock tightly with  her talented
mouth and  a moment later, she feels my  cock shoot deep into her
throat.  Well trained as she is, she swallows my come thankfully,
licking the  last of  it from  my cock.   It  is several  minutes
before  we  have all  calmed  down  and  are  lying on  the  bed.
Jennifer's  hands are still fastened behind  her with the leather
cuffs that  will remain on  her for the  rest of the night.   You
reach up to unfasten her blindfold and as it is removed she looks
up, seeing me  for the first time.  "Jennifer", you say, "this is
our Master."
First Meeting with her Master
Story #38 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Erika knocked  on the  door tentatively.   This meeting  had
been a long time in  coming and now, finally, it was  here.  When
she knocked on  the door, she would be meeting her Master for the
first time.   They had been communicating by  Electronic Mail for
months  and  knew that  they  enjoyed  the  same things.    Erika
couldn't remember  ever  being so  excited  by a  man.   He  knew
exactly what he wanted and Erika knew that he would be exactly as
she expected.   Erika had spoken  with him many times  about this
meeting and  had even gone  over the whole  agenda with him.   "I
shouldn't be  so nervous.", she said to herself, "It's not like I
don't  know what's happening."   Knowing  what she  expected was,
however, of no  comfort to Erika.   She knew that  Master Jeffrey
would do exactly what he intended to  and that she would obey him
completely.  Erika had never had to  giver herself to anyone like
that.  It was nerve wracking to say the least.  The knock sounded
too  loud as Erika knocked  on the hotel room  door.  She heard a
movement inside and her heart  started to pound.  A moment  later
the  door opened  and Erika  looked at her  Master for  the first
time.   "Hello.", he said  in a strong voice."Thank  God.", Erika
thought to herself, "He's not ugly".  She didn't realize that she
had been  holding her breath.   "Come in.", said  Master Jeffrey.
Erika entered the hotel room.  Jeffrey told her to stand right in
the middle  of  the room  as  he sat  down.   Erika  was  nervous
standing there as  her Master sat looking  at her.   "Turn around
for me Erika.",  said Jeffrey.   Obediently, Erika turned  around
slowly.   When she had turned around  so that her back was facing
Jeffrey, he told her to stop.  Erika now found her heart pounding
furiously.  She knew that she would soon be exposed to her Master
and although  she had waited for this for ages,   now that it was
here,  it was both  exciting and  very scary.   "Lift  your dress
Erika.", said her Master.  Erika reached down to grasp the hem of
her light summer dress.  Slowly, she began pulling it up her long
tanned legs  as the  hem of  the light  fabric slid  up over  her
smooth buttocks,  it revealed that she had not worn panties.  Her
tan line and  now the full curve  of her bottom came  into view.
When her dress reached her waist,  Jeffrey told her to stop.   He
left her there for a couple of  minutes.  Erika got steadily more
and more excited as Jeffrey made her wait there holding her dress
to her waist.  Her bottom was completely exposed to him.  After a
few  minutes, Jeffrey  told her to  remove her  dress altogether.
Erika was almost relieved that she was finally  able to take some
action.   She pulled the light cotton dress over her head leaving
her in only  her shoes.  "The  shoes too.", said Jeffrey.   Erika
slipped out of the shoes.  Now she was completely naked.   "Clasp
your  hands behind  your head  Erika.", said  her Master.   Erika
followed her  instructions.  She was  left there like that  for a
minute or two.  She heard a movement behind her and knew that, at
last, Jeffrey had gotten  up.  She heard him and  then saw him as
he moved around to stand in front of her.  At last!  Finally, she
was there, naked  in front of her  Master.  Erika could  feel her
legs  trembling slightly  as  she held  herself  in the  exposing
position.  Erika was dying to have her Master touch her.  "Just a
nipple.", she thought, "If he would only pinch my nipple, I think
I could come."  Jeffrey was in no hurry.  He knew that this young
slave was  his for the  night.  He  walked completely around  her
examining carefully  each part  of her  body.   He looked  at her
breasts, her face,  her neck, he spent a long time looking at her
shaved pussy.   The whole experience  was quite embarrassing  for
Erika.  When Jeffrey was back  behind her again, she finally felt
his hands caressing her buttocks.  His hands, at once, strong but
gentle, rubbed over the curve of  her buttocks from her thigh  to
her waist.  Erika let out a little moan despite herself.   All of
a sudden Erika  felt Jeffrey's hands grasping both  her cheeks at
once  and her  anus was  immediately exposed  by him  pulling her
buttocks apart.    Erika gasped.   She  had known  that he  would
expose that most private part of her body but she hadn't mentally
prepared  for  it happening  right  now.    What else  would  she
experience that would  be unexpected, she wondered.   He held her
buttocks open for a minute or so before releasing them.  "Alright
young  lady,  into your  submissive position.",  he said.   Erika
lowered herself  to her knees and spread  her knees as wide apart
as she could  manage.  Then she  bent forward at the  waist until
her forehead touched  the floor.   Arching her back  so that  her
shoulders  almost touched the  floor with  her head,  she reached
back with both hands to hold her bottom open wide for her Master.
"No, no", said Jeffrey, "Not on the floor, up here on the table."
Erika's face turned  beat red.  The  table was right in  front of
the window  and the window's  curtains were open.   Slowly, Erika
moved up  on the table  and arranged herself into  her submissive
position.    She  felt  Jeffrey  making  minute  adjustments  too
posture.  First he nudged on leg a little further apart.  Then he
had her  arch her  back a  little more.   "Open  your buttocks  a
little wider Erika.", he told  her.  Obediently, Erika pulled her
buttocks  as wide  apart as possible.   She  didn't have  long to
wait.   While  kneeling there,  wondering how  she would  be left
there, she suddenly felt a finger touch her anus.  The finger was
obviously covered in a thick layer of lubricant and it wasted  no
time in  rubbing that lubricant  into her rectal opening.   Erika
gasped  out loud as  the finger slide slowly  but firmly into her
bottom.   It held itself there for a moment, letting Erika become
accustomed to  the feeling of  the warm finger holding  her open.
Her Master's finger started to move slowly now.  First in and out
and then with  a gentle twisting motion.  Erika moaned again as a
second finger was added  to the first.  When her  bottom was very
slippery  and tingling from  excitement, the fingers  were slowly
withdrawn.   Erika  felt herself  totally open.   Erika  felt two
fingers touch her  soaking pussy and  position themselves at  the
opening to  her hot  pink lips.   She tried  to move  backward to
press herself  onto the teasing  fingers but her  Master wouldn't
let her.   Now she felt  the tip of her large  anal plug touching
her bottom.  She moaned out loud, begging for him to push it into
her.  "Stay perfectly still, Erika.", said her Master.  Erika was
holding her breath as the first 1/2" of the plug pushed into her.
Her legs  started to tremble at the effort  of not moving back to
impale  herself.   All  of a  sudden  the  plug started  to  move
resolutely forward.   At the  same time, the two  fingers started
pushing into her  drenched slit.  The long, fat  plug pushed into
her  at a  steady rate,  slowly  filling her  and stretching  her
rectal opening larger.  As the fattest part of the plug slid into
her, Erika gasped.  The two fingers  were slowly sliding into her
at the same time.  Erika's breath was  now ragged.  When the plug
was firmly seated,  the fingers slowly  withdrew until Erika  was
left just with the plug.  Jeffrey sat down to watch her.  Erika's
hips moved involuntarily up and down as though she was sensuously
humping someone.  The sight was erotic to say the least.  Erika's
hands were  still  holding her  buttocks  open for  her  Master's
pleasure.  The  white plug sticking out of her was a real turn on
for her Master.   Jeffrey sat down  behind her and sipped  at his
drink.   Erika had  been too  close to  coming and  now, she  was
calming down.  Soon,  she would be ready for what was next.  When
she had  calmed down somewhat,  Jeffrey ordered her to  turn over
and lie on her back.  Erika slowly  did so.  He had her grasp the
inside of her  knees with  her hands  and pull  them wide  apart.
Erika had never been so exposed.  Her shaved pussy was completely
open  to Jeffrey  and  her  plug was  still  clearly visible  and
accessible to her Master.  Erika watched as Jeffrey picked up the
camera.   The shot  of her  from between  her legs  was the  most
embarrassing Erika  had ever  endured.   "Don't worry",  he said,
"Tomorrow will be  even more interesting when I  take pictures of
you and your  girlfriend together.  Erika shuddered  as the photo
was taken.   The plug was gently pulled  from her and Erika heard
herself moan as  it left her.  Jeffrey covered it again with more
lubricant  and slid  it gently  back into  her.  Erika  was still
holding her  knees obediently apart.   The plug slid  deeply into
her, again holding her  anus open.  The  plug had only been  in a
moment when Erika felt another sensation in her bottom.  The plug
had been covered not with lubricant but with a hot ointment!  The
tingling in  her rectum  began turning warmer  and warmer  and as
Jeffrey  gently twisted  the plug  Erika  began to  squirm.   Her
juices were flowing freely now and Erika felt the trickle of them
slide down her hot thighs and along her crack.  She was unable to
stop squirming now.  Jeffrey took her  hands and tied them to the
top of  the table and  fastened them firmly with  leather straps.
Other, thicker leather straps came from the side of the table and
were attached to her thighs just above  her knees.  Her feet were
left  free  but  the  other bonds  left  her  completely helpless
anyway.  Her  feet were left dangling in midair and her pussy and
ass  were even  more exposed  than  before.   Jeffrey moved  down
between her legs again  and she watched, embarrassed as he took a
picture of her bound and helpless  body.  He leaned over her  and
dabbed a dollop of the hot ointment on her already erect nipples.
Immediately they  stood up  harder than  before as  the incessant
tingling began.  Erika was panting openly now as she broke into a
sweat.   She was unable to  stop squirming and  begged Jeffrey to
enter  her.  He  chuckled as he  shook his head,  "Not yet little
one.   There is much  more to come  first."  "I'll  never survive
it.", thought Erika.   A blindfold was next and the sensations in
Erika's body seemed to heighten as her  sight was taken from her.
She moaned, unable to  contain the sound.   Her nipples were  hot
and aching and  her anus,  still held  open by the  hot plug  was
clenching  spasmodically.   Erika  heard  Jeffrey  move  down  to
between her tied  legs again and again she heard the sound of the
camera  as  her condition  was  again recorded  for  her Master's
amusement.  The touch of the ice cube against Erika's inner thigh
caused her to gasp.  She  was sure that this new sensation  would
push her  over the  edge as  she thrashed  in her  bonds, begging
release.  However, Jeffrey knew just how to keep her from coming.
He kept  her at  the edge of  orgasm for what  seemed ages  as he
touched her with the ice, then licked with his tongue.   Whenever
she seemed  just about  to come, he  would stop.   Then  a moment
later, the plug would  be touched, or her nipples pinched  or her
clit would be stroked  and it would begin all over  again.  Erika
was going  out of her mind.  Finally  after an eternity of almost
peaking  she heard Jeffrey  say, "Are  you ready  to come  for me
little  one?"   "Oh  yes!",  cried Erika.    "Alright then,  said
Jeffrey, now standing in his  favorite position between her legs,
"I have a surprise for you."  Erika felt the drip of the ice cube
on  one nipple  which was  immediately followed  by a  hot mouth.
"Ohhhhh", she  moaned.   While that nipple  was being  licked and
sucked, the  ice cube dripped onto the  other nipple.  Suddenly a
second mouth fastened  itself to her other nipple!   Erika arched
her back  in surprise.  The sensation of  these two hot mouths on
her aching nipples was enough to drive anyone crazy!  And WHO was
the other  person.  The  two talented mouths started  licking and
nibbling in  tandem, driving  Erika closer  and closer.   Jeffrey
reached down to start the camera to take pictures from its tripod
every  30 seconds  and then  he flipped  the switch  that started
Erika's but plug to  vibrate.  This was too much  for Erika.  She
cried out loud and despite  her bonds, she lifted her  hips right
from the  table.  Jeffrey  and his  helper kept playing  with her
engorged nipples as she felt the orgasm building inside her.  One
of the mouths left her nipple and traveled down to Erika's shaved
pussy.  Her hot clit was sucked right into her  tormentor's mouth
as Erika started  to come like she  never had before.   Her fists
clenched and her  toes curled up  as she  felt herself bear  down
hard on her anal  vibrator.  She felt herself building  to a peak
and then  she was over the peak and she  felt what seemed like an
explosion  go off  inside her body.   The  orgasm went on  and on
crashing over her in  waves.  Each time she thought  it was over,
one  of them would touch her plug, or her nipples or her clitoris
and  she would peak again.   From a distance, Erika heard herself
cry out again  and again.  Finally,  it was over and  Erika dimly
felt  the vibrator  being turned  off and  being pulled  from her
exhausted body.   Gentle hands  reached up to undo  her blindfold
and  Erika looked  up into  the eyes  of her best  friend Sharon.
Sharon smiled at  her, "Nice  hmm?   Jeffrey says  that he'll  be
photographing both of us tomorrow"  Erika smiled back at her  and
then  closed her  eyes slipping  into  a deep  and well  deserved
sleep.
A Threesome - Part I
Story #39 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     When  Kelly and  our friend Marie  decided to  go up  to the
country house a couple of days  before me, I wondered briefly  if
anything would happen between them before I  got there.  Marie is
a petite, 30  year old girl who  is Kelly's best friend  and very
close to  both  of us.    She is  also  submissive and  had  read
literally  all of my  stories.   She had  even written  a couple.
Kelly and Marie had  figured in my fantasies for months.   When I
got  to  the  cottage  late Saturday  night,  I  discovered  that
although  both of  them  were  hot for  each  other, nothing  had
happened.  We  had been talking about  sex all day.   When Marie,
Kelly and  I went out  in the canoe, Kelly  had asked me  to tell
them a story.  Well, the story I started to weave was reminiscent
of one of my  written stories that they both knew.   I started to
talk about two 'anonymous' women who were  out in the country and
started to play with  each other.  By  the time I was  done, they
were both  hot.   The two  girls had  been talking about  fooling
around with each other for  months.  Kelly and Marie had  decided
that if they were ever going to sleep with another woman it would
be with each other.  Of course, this drove my libido crazy.  They
are both  attractive women  and to think  of Marie's  head tucked
between my wife's  thighs was exciting to  say the least.   As if
matters weren't hot enough already, we were sitting in the living
room of the cottage and Kelly asked Marie to give her  a massage.
She took off  all her clothes and  lay on her tummy.   Marie, who
had also just come out of the shower, was in just a short T-Shirt
which afforded me  a peek at her  curly pubic hairs from  time to
time.  She pulled out the moisturizing  lotion and started to rub
Kelly's back.   It was no surprise  that the talk soon  turned to
sex  again.  This  time the subject  was a pet  favorite of mine:
B&D.     "What   does   the  'D'   stand   for?",  asked   Kelly.
"Discipline.",  I answered.  Kelly had been playfully threatening
to give Marie a spanking all day.  I could barely contain myself.
"Well Marie  could use  that.", joked Kelly  again.   "She'd like
it.", I replied.   I saw Marie  blush.  "Wouldn't you  Marie?", I
asked.   "Yes", murmured Marie.   "Well, have you been  a naughty
girl?", I asked.   She nodded her head and I had to ask her twice
to speak  up.   "Yes", she  said again.   "Well,  you should  get
spanked.", I said.   The air in  the room was getting  thicker by
the minute.  We started to  talk about all sorts of B&D  subjects
and found out  who like what.   No one liked  heavy pain.   Kelly
decided she would  rather be dominant than submissive.   At least
with women and Marie decided that she would rather be submissive.
(Of course, we  knew that already.)  I started  talking about how
what I'd like to see is Marie in the corner of the  room with her
bottom pink  from a spanking  and her nose  in the corner.   "I'd
like that.", said Marie.  Then we talked about possible starts to
scenarios.   "Oh, but how does that  kind of thing get started?",
asked Kelly.   "It's  not difficult.", I  said, "You  just start.
For instance, all you'd have to do is tell Marie to  stand up and
close  her eyes and  then you could  blindfold her.   Then see if
she'd follow all of  your instructions.  Do you think  she'd like
that?"  Kelly smiled.  "Sure she  would.", she said.  "Well then,
you  should get  a blindfold."   Kelly  disappeared off  into the
kitchen.  Marie  was looking a little  nervous.  It took  Kelly a
minute  or two to find a scarf.   Then she came back.  I was very
excited.  This was actually going to happen.  Kelly showed me the
scarf  and raised her eyebrows.   "Perfect.", I said.  She looked
at me questioningly as if to say 'Well I'm not  going to tell her
what to do.'  I smiled again.  "Stand up  Marie.", I said.  Marie
hesitated for a moment then took  a deep breath.  Slowly she  got
to her  feet.  She looked at  us both.  I was  sitting in an easy
chair  about  3 feet  from her.   Kelly  was standing  beside me.
"Turn around.", I said.   Marie turned  around to face away  from
us.  Kelly moved forward and attached  the blindfold to her.  The
atmosphere  in the  room was  electric.   "Can  you see?",  asked
Kelly.   "A little.",  replied our friend.   Kelly  tightened the
blindfold.   "It's  ok now.",  said Marie.   Kelly  stepped back.
"Marie, raise your  hands straight up above your  head.", I said.
Marie did  so.  The T-Shirt  lifted with her  shoulders to expose
her brown  bottom.  Marie had  just returned from Jamaica  and it
was evident that she had been tanning without a bathing suit.  We
left her there for a minute or two, just standing there.  I could
hear  her breathing  quicken.  I  motioned to  Kelly and  after a
moment, she  moved forward  and grasped the  hem of  the T-Shirt.
Slowly,  the shirt  was raised until  it was  up to her  arms and
covering  her  head.   Kelly left  it  there.   I could  see that
Marie's arms  were now getting  tired.  "Clasp your  hands behind
your head.", I said.  We  were now looking at Marie's long  brown
back.   Her  buttocks were  nicely  curved.   She was  beautiful.
"Spread  your legs, Marie.",  I said.   She did so.   "Wider.", I
told her.   Her legs  inched apart again.   We could  now see the
curly  hairs  from   between  her  legs.    I   looked  at  Kelly
questioningly to ask if she wanted  to continue.  Kelly looked at
me and shrugged her shoulders as if to say that she wouldn't know
what to do.  I left Marie like that for a couple of minutes.  She
knew that we were behind her.  She didn't know what we'd do next.
She was very hot and very excited.  So were we all.  "Turn around
Marie.", I said at last.   "Oh God.", I heard her murmur then she
slowly turned around to face us.  Her brown breasts were upturned
and tight  from the position  of her arms.   Her tiny  pubic area
which had teased me all night was now clearly  visible.  I had to
remind her again to keep her legs  spread.  We just looked at her
for awhile.  All of a  sudden, Kelly leaned over and took one  of
Marie's nipples between  her fingertips  and pinched  it.   Marie
moaned softly.  Kelly let go and again we left her there, letting
the anticipation build.   I was about  to do something  else when
Kelly stopped me.  She walked behind  Marie and stood there for a
moment.  She gestured with her hands at me in a pantomime of what
she  wanted to do as if to ask if  that would be ok.  I nodded my
agreement.  She  reached both hands around Marie  from behind and
suddenly Marie  felt both  her breasts in  Kelly's hands.   Kelly
started to pinch the nipples and  rub the breasts.  "Do you  like
that Marie?", I asked.  She nodded  her head.  I asked her again,
wanting  to hear it.   "Oh, yes.", she  said.  "Do  you like your
nipples  played with", I asked her.   She gasped as Kelly stroked
them.  "Yes", she replied.  "How  do you like them played with?",
I asked  her.   "I like it  hard.", she said.   On  hearing that,
Kelly   pinched  both  nipples   hard  between  her   thumbs  and
forefingers.    Marie gasped  and  leaned back  against  her best
friend, my wife.  Kelly's hands left her and again Marie was left
to stand there, naked, on display  for us.  Her hips were  moving
now, of their  own accord.  "Are  you hot?", I  asked.  "Oh  God,
yes.", she  said.  "Are you  wet Marie?", I asked her.   "I think
so.", she said.  "We're going to check, you know.", I said.   She
moaned again.  Kelly disappeared into the kitchen and I heard the
water running.  'What the hell is she doing?', I wondered.   When
she came  back  she was  holding an  ice cube  in  each hand  and
grinning like a cheshire cat.  Again she looked askance at me.  I
smiled and nodded.  Kelly held out one of the ice cubes and let a
drop of ice fall onto Marie's nipples.  Marie gasped again at the
sensation.   Kelly  walked around  behind Marie  and  reached her
hands around  her.   All of  a sudden  the ice  cubes were  being
rubbed onto Marie's breasts.  "Ohhhh", moaned Marie.  The ice was
all over.  It was never hurried  but it went everywhere, over her
breasts, her  belly, down her  thighs, along her spine,  over her
buttocks.  I kneeled down in front of Marie and reached around to
pull her buttocks  wide apart.   Kelly's hand reached  underneath
from behind and dragged the ice cube along Marie's pussy lips and
right  across her  anus and up  her crack.   Marie reached  up on
tiptoes  as the  cold  touched  her most  intimate  openings.   I
reached  up and  pulled at  her  nipples, feeling  them cold  and
warming  them up with my fingers.   Again we left her alone for a
while.   Kelly leaned  over and  whispered into  my  ear that  we
should have her lay  down on her back.  I stood  up and led Marie
over to  a low settee and  had her lay  on her back.   "Lift your
knees Marie.", I said.   She did so.  "Now spread them apart.", I
instructed.  Marie obediently let her knees fall apart, revealing
her pink pussy lips.  We  stretched her hands out above her  head
so she  was completely  exposed to  us.   Kelly led  me into  the
kitchen and we left  Marie like that for 5 minutes  or so.  Every
once in a  while we'd peek and  she'd still be there,  her spread
legs, offered to us.  Kelly led me back into the living room  and
we sat on the floor next to her.  Kelly  started playing with her
nipples and Marie was instantly hot.  Her breathing quickened and
her  back arched.  Kelly and I both  leaned down at the same time
to each take a nipple into our mouth.  Marie moaned helplessly as
we bit and  licked in  tandem.   "Oh God.",  said Marie,  "That's
amazing."  We teased her and touched her everywhere.  Kelly ran a
finger  up her  soaked pussy  and  although she  was hesitant  at
first,  soon she was  playing with her  clit with  one hand while
another  finger slid  into Marie's tight  pussy.   Wherever Kelly
touched, I  was somewhere  else.  While  she played  with Marie's
pussy, I was  licking her nipples.   When Kelly moved up  to kiss
Marie and  play with  her tits,  I moved  down to  play with  her
pussy.   At one point, Kelly was sitting  near Marie's head.  She
lifted  her T-Shirt  and  leaned  over Marie  to  lick her  right
nipple.  Kelly's breast reached perfectly to touch Marie's mouth.
Marie moaned and  started licking and nibbling at  Kelly's nipple
at the same time.  I  started to go down on Marie as  Kelly had a
few  minutes earlier.    Marie's  hips  started bucking  and  her
breathing was  in ragged breaths.  I had  one finger in her pussy
and I slid another into her bottom as I licked.  Kelly  and Marie
were both panting and moaning.  It  was the hottest I'd ever seen
two women  at  the same  time.   The  whole  evening was  one  of
discovery and loving.   After it was all over, Marie, Kelly and I
just cuddled up to each other and hugged and held each other.  We
talked alot about  the whole thing  that night.  Both  girls were
afraid of hurting  their relationship with each other  and it had
been  a little upsetting at times for each  of them.  It was such
an exciting opening experience for everybody, that we were left a
little stunned  by it all.  By now it was almost 11pm and we were
both hungry and tired.  We opened up the fridge and put literally
everything onto the grill.  About 20 minutes later, the girls had
packed us up and had cleaned the place and I had made  us a meal.
We sat down to eat, still talking about the whole experience.  It
was communicating about it that made  it so special.  We had a  2
1/2 drive ahead of us  to get back to Montreal and by  now it was
after  midnight.   We started  back in  two  cars and  Kelly kept
switching from  our car to Marie's to keep  us company.  That was
good too.  It  gave her a chance  to talk privately with each  of
us.  When Kelly  was sure that I didn't now love  Marie more than
her and  when she and Marie were both  sure that they still loved
each other  and would always  be friends, the entire  evening was
perfect.  We  got home  late, tired but  more calm and  satisfied
than we have been in ages.  The perfect end to a perfect day.

A Threesome - Part II
Story #40 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It was just after work when Marie arrived.   Kelly and I had
already  discussed what  she wanted  to  do.   It was  definitely
Kelly's show.  She and  Marie had talked long into the night in a
conversation  that sounded,  from the  few moments  of it  that I
heard, like a couple of school girls talking in secret about sex.
They had talked  about the incredible scene at  the country house
this past  weekend and  they had  found  the entire  scene to  be
exciting and  leaving both of them with a  taste for more.  "More
like a craving.",  I joked.  They both agreed.  Kelly started  to
really  get into it.   "Did you  like it when we told you what to
do?",  asked Kelly.   "Yes, I loved  it.", said Marie.   "Ok then
Marie,",  she  said,   "I'll  give  you  your   instructions  for
tomorrow."   "Mmmmm", said  Marie.   I was  sure  that they  were
getting more and more turned on.  "Here's what you have  to do.",
said Kelly.  By now I was lying beside Kelly as she talked on the
phone and listening to  the entire conversation.  "You are not to
wear underwear tomorrow.  Also, you are to  not touch yourself AT
ALL  either tonight or tomorrow.   At lunch  time, take the story
that Chris wrote and bring it  to your car.  Then while  you read
the story,  lift your dress  and masturbate until you  come."  It
was obvious that just giving the instructions had turned Kelly on
terribly.  "What dress are you going  to wear?", she asked.  "The
tight cotton black one.", replied Marie.  "Uh oh... ",  she said,
"There's only  one problem.   When it's  windy, the back  of that
dress  opens  up and  shows  everything!"    Kelly  just  smiled.
"That's the one you are to wear then.", she said.
     Marie was to call us right after lunch and we both waited at
the office for the  call.  Sure enough, she called  Kelly and had
followed  most of her instructions.  Kelly  was dying to hear how
it  went.   She had been  pacing and  thinking about it  all day.
Productivity around the office had dropped to low.  I chuckled as
I saw how worked  up Kelly was.  She was like  a kid on Christmas
Eve waiting for her presents.  I heard her side of her call  with
Marie when  it finally came.  "Oh, you chicken!", she said, "What
do you mean you went home instead of doing it in your car.  Well,
you'll just have to be punished!"   Marie had been too scared  of
being seen in her car  when she followed Kelly's instructions and
had driven home instead to play with herself.  Kelly's threat was
mostly play but  as the  day wore on,  I could see  that she  was
thinking about it.  Marie called near  the end of the working day
and after  Kelly  hung up  she  looked at  me.   "Marie's  coming
over.", she said, "I want you  to discuss with me what we  should
do with her."  There was a sparkle in her eye.  "What do you want
to do?", I asked.  "Well...", said Kelly, "she  didn't follow her
instructions properly.   I  think you should  spank her!"   Kelly
knew that this  was an ongoing  fantasy of mine.   She had  never
asked before this  but I suppose  I should have guessed  the next
question.   "Have you  ever spanked anyone?"   I smiled  and said
yes.  Kelly was, of course, instantly  curious.  I told her about
an old girlfriend that she knew who loved being tied and spanked.
Kelly was even more  excited.  When Marie arrived, she  and Kelly
went into the  conference room to talk  for awhile.  When  I went
back there, I heard a  "smack!", "Hmmmm", I thought, "Sounds like
an  interesting party."   Marie had a  long plastic  ruler in her
hand.  "I think I should be spanked with this.", she said.  Kelly
smiled  at me.   She had evidently  told Marie what  was going to
happen.  "Ok then.", I said when you're ready  for your spanking,
bring  your ruler  to my office.   Kelly went  around the office,
closing blinds and locking the front  door.  Marie and Kelly came
into my office  together.  I  didn't say anything  for a  moment.
Kelly sat down and Marie was standing there like a five-year-old.
"Take off your dress, Marie.", I said suddenly in a crystal clear
voice.  She  looked at me in shock.   "Completely?", she croaked.
"Was  it a  complicated instruction?",  I  asked sweetly?,  "Yes,
off."   Marie reached down and pulled the  black dress off of her
body.   As we expected,  there was nothing  underneath.  I smiled
again.   "Over my lap,  young lady.",  I said.   Marie obediently
draped herself over my lap.  I held her down at the  small of her
naked, brown back with my left hand.  My right passed gently over
her smooth buttocks.  I adjusted Marie  so that Kelly could get a
good view.  "Spread your legs, Marie.", I said.   She did so, now
on tip-toe.   I started  to spank her  with my hand,  varying the
tempo  and  the strength.    Marie  gasped  and squirmed  as  she
received her spanking.  Her bottom was beginning to get pink when
the phone rang.   We all jumped.   Kelly answered and  started to
laugh right away.   "It's David.", she said.  Of  all my friends,
David is  the one  who would appreciate  the scene  I was  in the
most.   I chuckled  and told  her to have  him hold.   "Stand up,
Marie.", I said.  "Now go and stand in the corner."  Marie looked
at me.  Here she was,  completely naked and in my office and  now
she was to stand in the corner like a five-year-old?  I smiled at
her again and she turned and walked  slowly into the corner.  Her
nose was pressed right to the corner and I left her there while I
spoke to  David for a  few minutes.   After a couple  of minutes,
David  was still on the  phone and Kelly was ready  to play.  She
picked  up the  ruler and moved  over to  the corner.   All  of a
sudden, three  hot, sharp slaps  hit Marie's bottom.   She gasped
and raised up  on her toes.   I  was still on  the phone.   Kelly
started to  get impatient  and finally, I  let David  go.   If he
could only  see this, I  thought.  Marie  had evidently like  the
hard smacks and I  asked her if she was ready for the rest of her
spanking.   I said she was and I looked  at Kelly to see what she
wanted.   A  moment later, Kelly  and I  had traded places  and I
instructed Marie to turn around and bend over Kelly's lap.  Marie
hid her face as she  did so.  Kelly held her there  for a moment,
just as I had.  Marie's face was a foot from the floor as she lay
over her friend's lap.  Kelly started with the ruler  and spanked
quite hard.   Marie  gasped and  raised up  on  her toes  several
times.  I looked down  and could see that Marie had gotten a hold
of Kelly's jeans in her  teeth and was pulling at them.   She was
obviously very turned on!  After a couple of minutes Kelly turned
Marie back over to me.  She came over and bent over my lap for an
even harder spanking.   When I finished, her bottom  was pink all
over.  It was also hot to the touch.  Marie had become more  like
a little girl throughout the whole game.  Now when I asked if she
had had enough, she replied, "I don't care."  It  was just what a
naughty little five-year-old would say.   Finally I had her stand
up and  go back into the corner.  She did so and Kelly and I left
her  there for  another five  minutes  just showing  us her  pink
bottom.   At one point I looked over  and saw that her hands were
moving in  front of  her.  "Are  you playing  with yourself?",  I
asked.   "Maybe.", she said.  "Put  your hands behind you.", said
Kelly.,  "Maybe we'll make  you show us  how you do  it one day."
"Oh, God.",  murmured Marie.   After a few  minutes, Kelly and  I
discussed what should  come next.  "Make her  wait.", said Kelly,
"Let's have  her get dressed  and stay horny until  tomorrow."  I
had  Marie  put  her  dress  back  on  and  Kelly  gave  her  the
instructions  for tomorrow.   "Marie it's your  birthday tomorrow
and  these are  your  birthday  instructions."    Marie  listened
intensely.  "You are to purchase a small dildo that could be kept
in your pussy, you are to purchase  a small jar of Vics Vap-O-Rub
and  you  are to  bring your  vibrator.   At a  time that  I will
specify  tomorrow, you  are to come  to our  home.  Here  are the
keys.  You will bring these things to the house and you will read
the instruction just inside  the door on the  table.  Follow  the
instructions.   Oh,  and  one  more thing,  you  can't play  with
yourself at all from now until I tell you tomorrow."
Marie looked a little nervous.  "Ok.", she said. "I'll do it.  We
left the  office a few  minutes later.   On the  phone  a  little
later I heard Kelly discussing the upcoming evening with her best
friend.   "Well, I figured we'd  start off with  both of us  in a
bubble  bath.",  she   said.    The  evening  was   hot  but  the
conversation was hotter.   I don't know what  tomorrow will bring
but the Summer of '88 has already gone down as a momentous one in
my diary.
A Threesome - Part III
Story #41 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It  was a  wonderful birthday  for  Marie.   Kelly had  been
determined to  make  sure that  it  was.   I  was in  Toronto  on
business all day  but Kelly was  undaunted.   She started off  by
calling  our  florist  and sending  over  a  beautiful basket  of
flowers.  She  happened to be on  the phone with Marie  when they
arrived.  "Oooohhhhh,  you should see the  Beautiful flowers that
just came in  for me.", said  Marie, "Just a  sec, I'll read  the
card and  see who  they're from."   There  was a  moment's pause.
"They're from you!"  Kelly was happy that Marie was so happy with
them.  Marie had been given her instructions for later in the day
but Kelly  had cancelled them.  It was  all becoming a little too
contrived.  When Marie and Kelly finally met up at  our apartment
after work, it was  not to have Marie be submissive.   Instead, I
found out  later, they  had had a  chance to  talk and  Kelly had
given Marie a tiny brief pair of panties  to show me later.  Then
they had gone to the birthday party.
     My flight was  40 minutes late and thankfully  I had carried
on all of my baggage.  I got off the plane, went right to the car
and  headed  west,  away  from  the city  to  the  small  country
restaurant where everyone was waiting for me.  When  I got there,
I found our  table right away.   There were 8 other  people there
and they were obviously having a great time.  Marie, the birthday
girl, came right over  and gave me a  hot kiss to welcome me.   I
ordered dinner and we  all settled down to a great  party.  A few
minutes later Marie  came up from  behind me and  leaned over  to
give me a hug.  She put her mouth right to my ear and said, "Your
wife licked my nipples before we got here and I am sooooo horny!"
Smiling she turned and  went back to  her chair.  Thankfully  the
table  hid  my  now  raging  hardon.    It  was  going  to  be an
interesting evening.  When the  party broke up a couple of  hours
later, Marie and  Kelly drove together.  I  followed close behind
as we head to our  place.  We all went  in and the apartment  was
very hot.   I went to change out of my  business clothes and into
my shorts.  We chatted for awhile and I told the girls that I had
written story number two about  Marie's spanking the day  before.
They both immediately demanded that I show it to them.  I started
up my  Mac and  opened the  file.  The  two of  them crowded  the
screen as Kelly  handled the mouse.   "Did you like that  when it
happened?", I  heard Kelly ask  Marie.  "Oh, yes.",  she replied.
When they had finished  the story they were  both very very  hot.
Kelly had  already changed into a MuuMuu and  I knew that she was
wearing nothing under it.  Marie was still in her black miniskirt
and red  top.   "Well, I'm going  into the  air-conditioning said
Kelly.  The only room in the apartment that is air-conditioned is
our bedroom.   We both followed  her.  We all flopped down on the
bed  and  in only  a few  moments,  the talk  had turned  to sex.
"Well, I know what I've been fantasizing.", Kelly said.  "What?",
we both asked.   It took Kelly a couple of  minutes to get around
to telling us.   She was  obviously shy.  "Well...",  she finally
said, "I'd like to lie  back and feel both of you  lick my tits!"
"Well, then", I said, "you'll need  to open your top and show  us
your nipples."   Kelly closed her  eyes and did so.   Marie and I
smiled at  each other.  We both leaned over  and took a nipple in
our mouths. We  each licked and nibbled and bit for a few minutes
and   finally  stopped.     "Whew!",  gasped  Kelly,   "That  was
incredible."  I  had been trying to describe how  two women might
use a  double dildo  earlier and  now Kelly  asked me  again.   I
smiled.  "Come  over here Marie.", I  said.  Marie moved  down to
the foot of the  bed.  Kelly was lying on her back.   I had Marie
sit between Kelly's  legs, facing her.   Then I placed  her right
leg over Kelly's  left and her left  leg under Kelly's right.   I
had Marie  lie back and then told them  to scoot closer.  "Closer
still.", I said and finally  they found that they're pussies were
touching.  "There.  Now, what you do  is put one end of the dildo
in you  and the other end  in you.", I said, pointing  to each of
them in turn.   "Then you push yourselves together  until you can
feel the other's pussy pushing against  yours.  The dildo will be
filling you  both completely.   "Mmmmmm", they both murmured.   I
lay  back down  and smiled.   Marie sat  up but didn't  move from
between Kelly's legs.  I was leaning back and watching as Marie's
fingers stroked  Kelly's legs and  inner thighs.  Kelly  was just
lying back and letting Marie have her way with her.  Marie was in
no hurry,  her movements were  slow and sensual.   Gradually they
got closer and closer to Kelly's pussy.  Finally I saw Marie just
grazing Kelly's pussy hairs.   "MMMmmmmm", murmured Kelly.  I saw
her raise her hips,  pressing herself further into  Marie's hand.
Marie's  fingers started trailing up and down Kelly's soaking wet
slit.   I  saw Marie slide  a finger  slowly and deeply  into her
friend.   Kelly gasped and  arched her back.   Marie continued to
play  with Kelly's  pussy and  Kelly  got hotter  and hotter  and
wetter  and wetter.    Marie started  licking Kelly's  thighs and
continued stroking  her.  Marie got  up on her  knees and started
licking  higher and  higher.    Kelly's  breathing  was  becoming
ragged.  Marie started to lick at the lips of Kelly's pussy.  The
tip of her tongue started to slide up closer to closer to Kelly's
clit.   When the  licks finally touched  her clit,  Kelly moaned.
Marie was really into  it now.  Every  once in a while  I reached
down and licked at Kelly's  nipples.  She seemed to love it.  The
sensation of  two tongues working on her at  once had long been a
fantasy of Kelly's.   I looked down to see that Marie was sliding
a finger into her as  she licked and sucked  at Kelly.  The  room
was very hot.  The air-conditioner just would not let up.  "Marie
take off  your clothes.", said Kelly.  Marie stripped in a moment
and  Kelly pulled  her onto  her.   The two  girls pressed  their
pussies into  each other.   "Chris, our  pussies are  touching.",
said Kelly.   I reached down between Marie's spread legs and felt
them.  They were both  soaking wet, their juices intermingling as
they rubbed  against each other.  I slid  a finger into Kelly and
reached up to slide my thumb into Marie at the same time.  I held
them together like  that for a moment, probing  deep inside them.
Their hips  were gyrating  harder and harder.   Marie  moved down
again.  She licked at Kelly's  neck.  Kelly has a very  sensitive
neck and I know she loves having  it licked.  She turned her face
and the  two of them  kisses passionately, their  tongues running
into each  other.  Marie  started moving lower, kissing  at Kelly
breasts and licking and sucking  her nipples.  Her tongue trailed
lower still  sliding along her belly  and then lower again.   She
was in no hurry  but it was obvious  from the way that Kelly  was
holding her breath that she was  waiting for the tongue to  touch
her pussy.   Marie slid herself down  lower.  Her tongue  started
running in long licks up Kelly's  slit and onto her clit.   Kelly
was breathing in short ragged breaths.  I started licking Kelly's
nipples  again and her  hips started bucking up  and down.  Marie
never let up.  Kelly was  moaning loudly now and as Marie  licked
her and sucked her clit, she started to come.   She cried out and
arched her back.  Marie kept licking and the orgasm lasted a long
time.   Finally  Kelly sank  back, exhausted.   Marie  looked up,
content.  Her  face was wet  with Kelly's juices.   We smiled  at
her.   "It was my first time.", said  Marie.  "Whew", said Kelly,
"That was  intense."  We  all relaxed for  a few minutes  but the
stroking  went on.   Soon Marie  was licking  at Kelly  again and
Kelly was  licking back.   "Chris, touch Marie's pussy  while she
licks me.", she  gasped.  I moved  down behind Marie and  started
touching her pussy.  It  was dripping.  I played with it  with my
fingers  and then  while two  fingers  were deep  in her  started
licking her as  well.  Marie's hips  were now bucking as  well as
Kelly's.  Kelly moved to the side  and pulled Marie over onto her
back.  As  I continued to go  down on Marie and tease  her pussy,
Kelly began  sucking her nipples.   I felt  Kelly move  again and
then she  was kneeling over Marie's head and I saw Marie's tongue
reach up to lick at Kelly's pussy again.  Kelly's orgasm  was not
long in  coming and again  it was intense.   Marie had  still not
come and both Kelly and I wanted her to.  She hadn't  come for us
in the country either and I know Kelly wanted her friend  to come
for her.  I was still  playing with Marie's pussy but every  time
she would get  close to coming she  would slow down.   Finally, I
stopped.  I got Kelly's vibrator let Kelly and Marie play with it
for awhile.  I figured if maybe I left for  a bit, Marie might be
more comfortable without me watching.  She was obviously a little
shy  about masturbating in  front of me.   I went  into the other
room and turned  on the computer.  I played for a few minutes and
then I heard  Kelly call me.   She asked  if I would  go down  to
Marie's  car to get  Marie's vibrator.   I chuckled as  I did so.
Marie  has a  Prelude 3  that  she swears  by.   She  immediately
plugged the  vibrator in and  started playing with herself.   She
was so shy to be doing it.   It was strange given all that we had
done together but this  was obviously something private for  her.
"Close your  eyes, she told  us."   We chuckled but  did so.   At
least I  did, Kelly kept hers open.  Kelly  was lying at the foot
of the  bed and  had a  perfect view  of Marie  playing with  the
vibrator.   After a  few minutes, Marie  took the  other vibrator
also and slid it into her pussy.  Her breathing was now all moans
and gasps and  a few minutes later  she arched her back  hard and
cried out as she came and then came again.   Marie drifted off to
sleep within minutes.   Kelly and I got up and  talked for a bit.
I know that it's  important for her to  know how much I love  her
while she and  Marie are  experimenting and  exploring this  knew
side of themselves.  A while later, Kelly and I also crawled into
bed and the three of us slept there until morning.

A Visit to "The Club"
Story #42 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     It  is late  at night and  you are  just approaching  an old
Victorian home.  You are a little nervous.  "Are you ready for an
adventure?", I had  asked you.   Those simple  words now throw  a
tingle down your  spine.   You know  that it means  that you  are
about to embark on another episode of exploration into the depths
of your own  sexuality.   You know that you will do whatever your
Master asks of you.  I had given you the address of a home in the
outskirts of  the city.   Now, as  directed, you are  standing in
front of the  door, wearing only a thin white dress.  The hemline
is short and, as  usual, you wear neither panties nor  bra.  Your
nipples are clearly visible through the thin fabric of the dress.
You take a deep  breath and knock on the door.  You hear movement
inside the house and  a moment later the door opens.   You enter,
only to  be greated by a gorgeous woman!   This is surprising for
you.  Every time you have visited your Master in the past, it has
been just the two of you.  You have confessed to me several times
that you  have fantasized about  being with another woman  but to
have a  woman  answer the  door is  shocking.   You  look at  her
carefully.   She  is  tall,  blond and  wearing  a short  leather
miniskirt and a tight white silk blouse.  Her  breasts are either
B or  C cup  and you  can see  her dark brown  nipples erect  and
evident through the  silk.   "You must  be Sara.   Come in."  she
says.  She is definitely a no-nonsense sort of woman.  You follow
her before you  even notice that you are obeying.  She walks into
the living room  and picks up  an envelope.   "This is for  you."
You open the envelope and recognize my handwriting instantly.
    Sara,

     Your adventure  for the  evening has already  started.   The
     woman who is standing in front  of you is a friend of  mine.
     She is  also very  skilled  at dominating  young women  like
     yourself.   She will be taking  charge of the first  part of
     your training  this   evening.  You  are to  obey everything
     that she tells you.

     Your Master,
     Chris

     You feel a blush hit  your face as you read the  letter.  As
you look up the woman is smiling at  you.  She holds out her hand
and you give her the  letter and the envelope.  She puts  them on
the table.   She sits down in the large  easy chair in the living
room.  You  are a little uncertain  about what is expected  of yo
and you remain standing nervously.

"Take off your things Sara." says the girl quietly.  Your fingers
are trembling as you reach fo the buttons on your  dress.  As you
remove  the dress,  you  see her  smile.   In  a  moment you  are
completely naked  and as much as you  want to cover yourself with
your hands, you  keep them at your sides.  The Mistress instructs
you to clasp  them behind your  head and  you are embarrassed  at
being  even more exposed.       She stands now and starts to walk
around you.   You can feel her  gaze piercing through you  as she
examines every part of your  body.  It is intensely embarrassing.
She takes a good look at your pussy.  "Mmmm shaved I see.  That's
good.  I see that Master Chris has been taking good care of you."
She looks  right at  you.   "I  think that  a shaved  pussy is  a
neccessity with  a submissive  woman.  It  allows a  much clearer
view  of  your  body.    Your  pussy  juices  become  immediately
visible."   You blush again as she  takes a finger and runs it up
along your soaking  pussy lips.   You see her  slide it into  her
mouth and savor your  taste.  "Mmmm, very delicious."   She takes
one of your  nipples between her fingers and  teases it, watching
your face  closely for your  reaction.  Your nipple  becomes hard
and  tingling under her  fingers.  She  moves behind  you and you
feel her  hand stroking  your buttocks.         "Alright Sara,  I
understand you've been taught a 'submissive position', I want you
to get into it  on that table over there."   You move slowly over
to the large oak table in the  room and climb onto it.  You kneel
with your legs  wide apart and press your shoulders  to the table
as you've been taught.  You reach as far back as you can and pull
your buttocks open to expose your anus and shaved pussy lips from
behind.  You've  been in this  position many times but  it always
seems that you're  embarrassed when you  get into  it.        The
woman makes  you wait as  she moves around  the room.   It is  as
though  she  knows that  your feelings  of sexual  excitement are
being enhanced every moment.   Finally you feel her hands on your
buttocks.  Her hands cover  yours and she pulls your bottom  even
more open as she  looks at your pink puckered opening.   She lets
go and you can hear your heart racing, wondering what will happen
next.  She moves away and sits down.  Suddenly you hear the  door
to  the room  opening.   You  start but,  maintain your  position
obediently.  "Ahh,  Mary", says the woman, "That is  Sara over on
the table.  Prepare her for me please."        "Yes, Ma'am", says
the voice  of what  sounds like  a teenage  girl.   It quivers  a
little as she  answers.  You  hear Mary move  over to you.   Your
face is hot as you imagine what you  must look like to this young
girl.  Out of  the corner of your  eye, you see Mary move  to the
side of the table.  She looks about  16 or 17 years old.  She has
red hair  and is dressed  in a flimsy  blue cotton dress.   She's
actually very pretty.  You see  her reach down and pick up  a jar
of vaseline.   Her slim finger dips deep  inside the jar and come
out covered  in the slippery  jelly.  She  puts the jar  down and
walks back around behind you.  You feel the tip of her finger  at
your bottom and  you start to  breath heavier as  she teases  the
outside of your anus.   The tip of her finger  enters you and you
dip your back,  wanting it all  inside.  She's  happy to  oblige.
The finger slides deep into you, twisting slightly as it does so.
You gasp at the sensation.  She moves in and out, and then buries
it  deep in you  again and stays  there, just turning  her finger
slowly.  Your  hips are moving of  their own accord in  tune with
the movements  of  her finger.    You feel  her other  hand  move
beneath  you and two of her slim fingers suddenly slide into your
soaking pussy.  You moan out loud despite yourself.  You can feel
her fingers  deep inside you,  touching each other in  your body.
Your hips  are moving up and down  now and you know it  is only a
matter of moments before you come.       Mary slides her  fingers
out of  your pussy and  her other hand  leaves your ass  open and
exposed.   "Ohhh, please...", you  whisper.  She leaves  you like
that for a  moment before returning  with a  long but thin  plug.
You can see it in her hands before  she moves out of sight behind
you.  The  tip of  the plug  touches your bottom  and very,  very
slowly she  slides it into you.  Before  the plug is even halfway
in, you know that it has been covered in a warming lotion of some
kind.   The heat of  the thing  is travelling right  through your
body.    It  stings  your   anus  slightly  but  it  excites  you
incredibly.  You break out into  a sweat.  The plug continues  in
deeper and deeper.   It has several ridges to it,  each one wider
than the  last and as each wide ridge  passes into your body, you
gasp.    Finally the  widest  of  these  ridges pushes  past  the
resistance of your sphincter and it is firmly lodged inside you.
   You are moaning and gasping now.  They leave you like that for
a moment and then you feel Mary  taking your wrists and fastening
them  behind your  back.   Leather  straps are  fastened to  your
ankles and  other  straps are  fastened  just above  your  knees.
"Thank you Mary.  That will be all.", says the older woman.  Mary
leaves right away.  "Get up Sara."   You stand slowly and turn to
face her.   Without asking you  clasp you hands behind  your head
and spread your  legs, showing her how well  you've been trained.
She reaches over  and attaches a thin leather  collar around your
neck.  It has a long leash attached to it  and she grabs this and
leads you out of the room and along a long corridor.  The plug is
moving  inside  of  you  at  every step  and  you  are  intensely
embarrassed at being  so displayed with the leash  and the straps
around your  ankles and  thighs.    The plug  is clearly  visible
sticking out of  your ass  and you are  terrified that you'll  be
seen by  someone else as you walk along  the corridor.  The woman
leads you into another room.   This one is much larger and  dimly
lit  except for the  very center of  the room.  There  is a table
here  that closely resembles  a doctor's examining  table and the
sight of it  sends a chill down  you.  She leads you  over to it.
You have had your gaze so fixated on the table that it takes  you
a moment  to realize that there are other  people here!  You look
around into the  shadows and see that there are perhaps 20 people
or so, sitting in chairs looking at you.  There are  both men and
woman and although you cannot make  out their faces, you can  see
that they are elegantly dressed.      Your face turns crimson and
you let  out a little whimper as the woman leads you to the table
and  has you  lie back  on  it.   Your hands  are  unfastened and
reattached  above your  head.   Your ankles  are attached  to the
stirrups  and they are adjusted  wide apart.   The straps on your
thighs are attached to the sides of the table and they leave your
knees  held  wide apart.    The  woman  adjusts the  stirrups  up
slightly so that your ass  is better exposed then she  steps away
from the table.   "This is Sara."  says the  woman to her guests,
"She is the submissive of Master Chris who you all know.  She has
been prepared in  the usual manner.   The plug  in her bottom  is
covered in the special lotion we all know so well.   You feel the
table begin to  move.  It  starts to turn slowly  as though on  a
turntable so  that everyone in  the room can see  you completely.
You  have never been  so embarrassed and  you have  never been so
hot.       You see Mary approach  you.  She is now naked  and you
can see that she has  had her nipples pierced!   There is a  gold
ring through each nipple and a chain that attaches them together.
She reaches over you and pinches your nipples until they are rock
hard.  Then she attaches nipple clips to them.  You moan out loud
as she does, feeling the  sensation run directly into your pussy.
She moves down to your legs and adjusts the stirrups so that they
are very high.   Your ass is  now completely exposed.   She moves
away  so that everyone can get a good look.       The woman moves
over to  you now and  leans over your  face.   "Your about to  be
spanked Sara.   Are you ready?"  You nod your head and close your
eyes embarrassed at having  to tell her.   She moves between  you
legs and slides a small plug into your pussy.  She lets you relax
for a moment and then you feel  the sharp slap of a leather strap
strike your naked  buttocks.  The shock is immediate  and you cry
out.  The next stroke comes soon after and the spanking continues
for  several minutes as your bottom  gets hotter and hotter.
The woman pauses  now,  "Only five  more Sara, but these  will be
hard.   They will sting  your bottom.   Are you ready  for them?"
"Yes", you  whimper.   You hear  the sound  of  the strap  moving
through the  air but just before it strikes  you feel the plug in
your pussy start  to vibrates strongly.  You  cry out even before
the strap hits your bottom.   The last five strokes are in a daze
as your hips shake at the multiple sensations.       You can feel
your orgasm  building from every  part of your  body and when  it
hits it takes all  of you with it.   At the last stroke you  feel
yourself explode and then explode  again as your fists clench and
your pussy tries to squeeze the  vibrator.  You feel the plug  in
your ass being  pulled out and you  come again and again  as each
ridge passes out of you.  You  are pulling hard at your bonds  as
the nipple  clips are released  and your nipples sucked  to bring
the circulation back.  You come yet again as they are stimulated.
Finally as the vibrator in your ass is removed you buck your hips
and come again, a final time.   It takes a while for you  to calm
down  and when  you do,  you  are hanging,  limp in  your leather
bonds.  The woman  is right there, stroking you and touching you.
"You  did very well sweetheart.  Let me get  you out of this.
Very gently the woman undoes your bonds and releases you from the
table.  You look around and the room is empty.  "Where are they?"
you ask.  The woman smiles,  "They're all waiting for you in  the
pool."  She helps you up and  then into a quick shower where  you
let the warm water cascade over you.   When you get out the woman
dries you in a huge fluffy bath towel and then takes your hand to
lead  you out of  the room.        There  is a huge  pool and the
guests are scattered in and around it.  As you enter,  the guests
break into applause, congratulating you on your performance.  You
blush as they do.  You see me come right up to you.  "Did you see
me?" you  ask.  I laugh, "Of  course.  I was there  all the time.
You  did very  well.  Welcome  to the  club.  You've  just earned
yourself a membership."      Glowing as you take my arm, we start
to walk through the room to meet these, your newest friends.

A Mistress Takes Charge
Story #43 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     I was very nervous as she brought me downstairs.  I had been
told  several  times  that the  evening  would  include something
unusual but she never  let on, never even hinted that  this would
be it.  The evening had started off as many of our "hot" evenings
had.  I had  come over to her home, she was sitting in the living
room and as the maid showed me in had told me to undress.       I
was  used  to  the  maid   watching.    I  still  remembered  the
embarrassment I  felt the  first time  she had  made me  strip in
front of her.   Since that time the maid  had seen me naked  many
times.  It was the maid who usually bathed me afterwards.  It was
the maid who often helped tie me to the special table my Mistress
loved so  much.   It was  the maid  who was  often  called on  to
"prepare"  me.      As soon  as I was naked and standing in front
of her, I assumed my standing submissive  position.  That is with
my legs spread wide apart, my hands firmly clasped behind my head
and my elbows  well back.  As  usual, I was  already erect.   The
embarrassment of standing like this in front of the two women was
always  enough to  excite me.I  was  left like  that for  several
minutes, waiting for my next  instruction.  I wondered what would
happen to  me tonight.   My Mistress turned to  the waiting maid.
"Get him  ready, Yvonne.   Do  it just  as we  discussed."   "Yes
ma'am." said the  young girl.  "Come  with me Paul."   I followed
her  quietly as we went up  the stairs and into  the small room I
knew so  well.  "Up  on the table."  she said.   I got up  on the
doctor's  examining table that dominated  the center of the small
room and put my feet into the metal stirrups.  This  position was
always nerve wracking as it  laid me completely helpless.  Yvonne
wasted little time as she put leather bracelets on my wrists  and
ankles.  Yvonne had been with my Mistress for almost a  year now.
She  was,  herself,  quite  submissive  and  always  followed  my
Mistress'  instructions to  the letter.   She  was now  almost 19
years old,  blond and originally  from France.   Her age  was the
most  embarrassing part  of  her seeing  me like  this.   I still
remembered her hesitancy when she saw me naked for the first time
for my Mistress.   She was still very hesitant  about touching my
ass and  I knew that  my Mistress had  been training her  in this
area.  We had  discussed last week when she should  be trained in
dominating  young girls.My ankle  bracelets were attached  to the
stirrups and my hands were  stretched far above my head rendering
me now helpless  to the ministrations of  Yvonne.  I was  told to
lift my  head  as Yvonne  put  a blindfold  over  my eyes.    The
stirrups  were adjusted  so that  I  was spread  wide apart  thus
further exposing my genitals and anal area.  I was left like that
for a moment.   I imagined how I  must look, lying on  my back on
the  examining table,  my  knees  wide apart  and  my stiff  cock
twitching with excitement  between my legs.I heard  Yvonne moving
around the room and tried to guess what she was preparing for me.
Many strange things had happened to me in this "preparation" room
and  I was now breathing a little heavier.   I felt her finger at
my  ass  quite suddenly  and  I  gasped  as  she  slid  the  thin
lubricated finger deep into me.  She worked it in and out several
times watching  the effect  on my bound  body.   When the  finger
finally pulled out  of me, my hips were  squirming involuntarily.
She left  me  again for  a  few moments  watching as  I  strained
against my leather  bonds.  The anal  plug was next and  I moaned
softly as she  teased it into me.   Sometimes it had  been pushed
into me all in  one stroke but today was  not like that.   Yvonne
teased me with the first 3/4" of the plug for easily five minutes
before sliding it deeper.  When the thickest part of the plug was
holding open  my anal  sphincter, she held  it there,  playing it
back and forth in minute movements that were driving me crazy!  I
was moaning, and  breathing hard now, my  hips raising in a  vain
attempt to get  the plastic intruder deeper into me.  My cock was
rock  hard  and  I knew  that  if  she touched  it  I  would come
instantly.   I begged her to  touch my cock.  A  moment later the
plug was pulled  almost all the way out.   I felt again  just the
tip  of it holding  my anus  open.   Then, all  of a  sudden, she
pushed it all the way deep into me.  I gasped out loud.  The plug
was now firmly  lodged deep in my rectum and I knew it would stay
there until Yvonne or  my Mistress took it out. I  was left again
to  contemplate the  sensations coursing  through  my body.   The
feelings in  my  ass as  I clenched  down hard  on  the plug  was
indescribably hot.  Yvonne left me for a few minutes to calm down
and then I felt her expert hands slowly rubbing oil all  over me.
The feeling was more exciting than calming  and as she reached my
cock and balls to  rub oil in  there, I was  scared that I  would
come without my  Mistress permission.  Yvonne stopped  one moment
before it  would be too  late.  I  groaned in frustration.   Just
before Yvonne stood me up, she went between my legs once more.  I
felt her hands  on my plug and she pulled  gently, increasing the
pressure of the plug on  my anus.  I felt the plug  start to move
and  I moaned in excitement.   Then I felt the  hot warm mouth of
Yvonne descend on  my cock as she  engulfed it in one  motion.  I
gasped and panted as I felt her hot mouth surround my hard organ.
My hips thrust up involuntarily.  It lasted for only a moment and
then she stopped.   I had never been so hard.  I  was sure that I
would just about explode any minute.  Yvonne had me get up and my
hands were fastened behind  my back.  My plug was  still in place
deep inside  of me.   She sat  down and pulled  me over  her lap.
There was something very embarrassing about lying across  the lap
of an 18 year old girl.  Her hand began spanking suddenly and for
a teenager, she had  a sharp slap.  She spanked  me until I could
feel that my bottom was hot.  She stopped and I figured that that
would be  all, but  I was  mistaken.   "Your Mistress  wants your
bottom extra warm tonight." she said.  I felt the hair  brush lay
on the small of my back as  she adjusted me to the perfect angle.
She picked up the  brush and the whoosh of it  moving through the
air reaced my  ears a split second  before the pain of  the smack
reached  my  brain.   She smacked  me several  times until  I was
gasping  for air.  My bottom  was on fire as  she had me stand up
and wait in the corner with my nose pressed right into the corner
of the room and my hot, red bottom on display.  I had been taught
to keep  my fastened  hands at the  small of my  back so  that my
buttocks would be displayed properly.  I was left there for a few
minutes as  my  bottom slowly  cooled.   I felt  the  heat of  it
travelling through me  and directly to my  cock.  It was  so hard
that it ached to  be touched.  I heard my  Mistress come into the
room.   She and Yvonne talked to  each other in hushed voices.  I
blushed  as I  thought about  them  talking about  me.   I  heard
someone  walk  over  to me.    A  cool hand  passed  over  my hot
buttocks.  "MMmmm  nice and hot." I  heard my Mistress say.   She
took me by the arm then and led me out of the room.  I could hear
the  smile on her  face as she said  to me.   "Come with me Paul,
there's some  friends  I'd  like you  to  meet."   My  heart  was
pounding-a-mile a minute as she led me  down the stairs.  I could
make out the sound of several female voices as I was brought down
to them.  I  was led over to  the center of  the room.  My  hands
were tied above  my head to  the ceiling straps  that I had  been
attached to many times before.  I felt my ankles being spread and
attached to the  special rings in the  floor, put their  for just
this purpose.  I knew that my cock was sticking straight out from
my body as my  Mistess moved back to  let her friends get  a good
look at me.  "MMMmm  he's just darling." said one voice.  "I like
his ass." said another.   "OOOoooo, look!", said one young voice,
"He's got a  plug in his bottom."I  could feel my face  turning a
deep red.   I felt many hands touching me, stroking my hot bottom
and touching my  cock.  I knew  that I was very  close to coming.
My Mistress had them all stop for a few minutes.  "He'll come any
second if you  girls keep it up.", she laughed.  They all stopped
but I knew from the comments that  they were all still looking at
me.  I tried  to will my cock to stop twitching and  to not be so
damn hard but, of  course, it was to no  avail.  I was left  like
that  for a  few minutes  before I  heard Yvonne  being summoned.
"Mmmmm, very pretty.",  said one of the  women.  "I like  the way
you have her trained.", said another.  I knew, from listening  to
the women talk that  Yvonne was probably naked and in her leather
cuffs  and collar, just  the way my  Mistress likes her.   I knew
that her  shaved pussy lips  would also be  of interest to  these
women.   I felt Yvonne being moved in  front of me and I heard my
Mistress  telling her  to  put her  hands behind  her back  to be
fastened.   "Now kneel down Yvonne.", said our Mistress.  I heard
her kneel  and felt her  hot breath on  my cock.   It became even
harder.  Our Mistress moved around behind me and I heard  her ask
one of the  other girls to begin spanking Yvonne with the leather
strap  upon  command.   The  whoosh of  the  strap and  the smack
against my own  bottom was unexpected.   I cried out and  my hips
jerked forward.   My cock slid directly into  Yvonne's mouth just
as  was  planned and  I felt  her  begin to  suck me  in earnest.
Yvonne's head  jerked forward onto  me as the leather  strap made
contact with  her naked bottom  with a loud  smack.  I  heard her
moan as  she licked me.   The spanking  went on with  alternating
strokes, first me  then Yvonne.  I was so close to coming that it
did not last long.   I cried out long  and hard and Yvonne  began
sucking me harder as I started to come in her mouth.  "Swallow it
all Yvonne", cooed our Mistress and  Yvonne did as she was asked.
I was left  to stand, naked in my bonds weak from the "treatment"
I had just received and listened as  the women tied Yvonne to her
back on  the table and teased her  to orgasm.  It  is a wonderful
life I lead.  I wouldn't give it up for anything.

Shelly Transforms a Fantasy into Reality
Story #44 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     "Are you ready  for an adventure Shelly?"   Shelly looked up
in surprise.   We had  discussed such 'adventures' for  weeks and
Shelly  had  expressed  more than  a  passing  interest  in being
submissive but this would be the first time that the fantasy  had
become reality.   "What's  it really like?",  she had  asked more
than once.  Now she was about to find  out.  "Well...?", I asked.
Shelly's eyes  were wide  and her breathing  had quickened.   She
seemed to hesitate  a moment.  "But  what are you going to  do to
me?",    she  asked in  a  little  girl voice.    I  just smiled.
"Finding out  is part of the  adventure.", I whispered,   "If you
decide  to  try  this adventure,  you'll  experience  pleasure as
you've never felt it before but you'll also have to  surrender as
you never have before.   Are you ready for that?"   Shelly nodded
her head slowly.   "Then come here  Shelly."  She pulled  herself
out of her chair and  moved over to me.  "Turn  around.", I said.
She turned to  face away  from me.   The black  scarf was  placed
carefully  over her eyes  and I heard  her gasp as  I fastened it
behind her head.   Gently I lead Shelly from the living room into
the garage and had her sit in the passenger seat.  I reached over
to fasten  leather cuffs around  her wrists.   The  clips on  the
cuffs were attached behind her head to the head rest of the seat.
I stood back  to admire my  handiwork so far.   Shelly had  never
been restrained  in her life and I watched  her pull at the wrist
cuffs, testing  them, realizing for  the first time that  she was
truly helpless.  "Lift your hips Shelly.",  I said.  I pulled her
white cotton  skirt right  to her waist  revealing her  pale blue
bikini panties.   "Don't move.", I told her.  I hooked my fingers
into the waisband of the panties and started to pull them down an
inch at a  time.  Shelly's held  her breath as she  realized that
she was  about to be exposed to me for  the very first time.  Her
curly brown hair came into view one tiny bit at a time.  The tiny
blue garment slid  smoothly down her long tanned  thighs and then
right off as I  removed them.  "O.K., you  can sit down now.",  I
said.  I watched as Shelly gingerly sat her naked bottom directly
onto the  cool leather of the seat.   I quickly opened the garage
and slipped behind the wheel.  "Keep your knees spread wide apart
Shelly.", I instructed.   I smiled as  I saw a blush  spread over
her cheeks  under the dark silk blindfold.  I pulled  the car out
of the garage and began a ten minute  drive across town.  After a
few minutes, Shelly couldn't restrain her curiousity.  "Where are
we going?", she asked   "Shhhhh...", I whispered.  I reached over
and gently ran my fingertips along the inside of her naked thigh.
moving slowly  up her smooth skin.   My fingers moved  higher and
higher.   Shelly held her breath  again, sure that the next touch
would be on  her pussy.  She was embarrassed that she was already
hot and already very wet.  My  fingers stopped short of her curly
brown  pubis  as I  took  my  hand  away.   There  were  no  more
questions.  A few moments later, I parked the car.  Shelly's  had
no way of knowing where we were.   Questions ran through her mind
at the speed of thought; 'Where are we?'... ';Will I like it?'...
'What is  he going to do?'... 'Oh my God, is he alone?'...  I got
out of the  car and moved around  to the passenger side.   Shelly
sat quietly, trembling slightly  as I opened the door.  I reached
down and pulled  off her shoes before unfastening  the hands from
the headrest.  Shelly  felt my hands gently guiding  her from the
car.  Thgere was smooth concrete under her bare feet.  As I moved
her  further from  the  car, the  concrete  suddenly became  cool
grass.  "Thank goodness I'm  not naked", thought Shelly as  I led
her across the grass.  Suddenly I stopped.  "Don't move Shelly.",
I said.  Shelly felt her heartbeat quicken as I began to undo the
buttons on her blouse.  It didn't  take long and and silk garment
was pushed back from her shoulders and  off to reveal her breasts
to the  cool night air.   Now she  felt her hands  being attached
together in front  of her  and then  pulled above her  head.   "A
branch?", she  wondered.   I  left  her like  that for  a  moment
dressed in only her white cotton skirt, admiring the curve of her
body from her stretched out arms down along her firm breasts.  It
was obvious that she was very excited.  Her nipples had been rock
hard from the moment the blindfold  went on.  I reached down  and
undid the clasp to the skirt.  I heard her whimper quietly as  it
slipped  to the  ground  leaving  her now  completely  naked.   I
reached up  to touch her  arms and then,  ever so gently,  ran my
fingertips down her arms  and along the sides of her  breasts.  I
reached  around  to  pinch  her  nipples  gently  then  continued
downward along her belly  to the insides of her thighs.   Without
asking, Shelly opened  her legs to me, inviting  me between them.
I chuckled as I moved back up her hot and obviously  aroused body
being  carefull not to  touch her  pussy as  she pushed  her hips
forward toward me.  "Not yet.", I whispered.  I bent down now and
attached leather  cuffs to her  ankles.  Convenient  ropes pulled
them  wide apart,  removing  her  last freedom.    She was  truly
helpless  now.   I moved behind  her and stroked  her smooth ass.
"Has anyone  ever taken you here?",  I asked.  Shelly  nodded her
head  slowly, embarrassed  at admitting  it.   "Did  you like  it
Shelly?"  "Not so much.", she  answered.  "Relax", I said,  "Your
bottom  will  feel  much pleasure  tonight.    Shelly's breathing
quickened again as  she felt my well lubricated  finger touch her
most  intimate of openings.  She was  helpless to prevent me from
slowly sliding  my finger into her.   I was gentle but  firm as I
penetrated  her deeply,  lubricating  her for  what was  to come.
Shelly was certain  that she new what  that would be but  she was
mistaken.  A  butt plug was definitely outside  of her experience
and she jumped as it touched  her.  It was only four inches  long
and not particularly thick.  The plug was perhaps finger width at
the tip then widened to perhaps a one inch diameter in the middle
and finally  tapered to slightly  larger than finger  width again
before joining  the "T"  shaped end that  would prevent  the plug
from disappearing  inside of  her.  The  sensation of  having the
plug seated  inside of  her was disconcerting  to say  the least.
She felt at once full  and held open and in many ways,  much more
helpless than before.  My hands teased the plug in and out  for a
few moments before leaving it deep in her.  My hands moved freely
now, stroking her  breasts, her sides,  her thighs, touching  and
moving her plug.   I was  careful to  leave her pussy  alone.   I
leaned down and kissed her  deeply while pulling at her sensitive
nipples.   My tongue moded lower  down to sooth  her aching nips.
Shelly was squirming in her bonds.  She had never been  so turned
on in her life.  She could feel her own juices trickling down the
inside of her  thighs.  Bound as  she was, she couldn't  even rub
her  thighs  together for  relief.    Her  thoughts were  quickly
becoming less and less coherent as she focused on only one thing:
sex.   I kept  going for  a few  moments then  moved away  again.
Shelly  moaned in  frustration.   A moment  later Shelly  saw the
flash  of a camera despite her blindfold as I snapped her picture
from several  angles.  She  was surprised when I  next unfastened
her legs and a  moment later her arms.  I  re attached her wrists
behind  her.  I led  her inside and  into a carpetted  room.  The
feeling of  the plastic intruder in  her bottom as she  moved was
driving her nuts.   She had  never been turned  on there  before.
She was panting openly as I  lay her on her back on a  low table.
Once again her hands were tied above  her head.  Two more leather
straps were  fastened to her,  these just above her  knees around
her thighs.  The  cords that were attached to the  leather straps
at her knees and ankles pulled her legs up and wide apart leaving
her completely open and exposed to me.  She was still, of course,
blindfolded.  In many respects, this was more exposed than Shelly
had ever been in her life.  I could see her hips squirming on the
table as Shelly  moaned, waiting to be  touched.  I did  not keep
her waiting long.  She felt my fingers touching  between her legs
and despite  herself, she strained  her hips upward to  press her
soaking pussy  against my  hand.  I  provided no  relief however.
"Don  't  move." I  said  again.   Shelly  let  out a  frustrated
whimper.  For a moment or two, she couldn't figure out what I was
doing between her legs and then it dawned on her.   I was shaving
her!  She had been shaved  before when she gave birth years  ago,
but  that was NOT like this.   My movements were slow, deliberate
and very sensual.  the  job didn't take long.  The feeling  of my
warm hands rubbing baby oil into her now smooth pubis were enough
to cause her  to moan  out loud.   "Please....", she  begged.   I
stood up  and reached over  to remove her blindfold.   My fingers
traced her panting lips and  her tongue darted out to  lick them.
I smiled.  "Are  you ready to come for me Shelly?".  I asked as I
looked  deep into her  eyes.  "Oh  yes!", she gasped.   My tongue
trailed a  line from  her neck  to her  left  breast and  swirled
slowly  around the  erect nipple  before  continuing its  journey
downward.   I bypassed  her wet slit  and leaned down  to lick th
back of  her left  knee.   My tongue  moved up  slowly along  the
inside of  her thigh.  I kept going until I could taste her sweet
juices and I could  see her pulling against the straps that bound
her.  Shelly's breath was coming in ragged gasps now as I started
up her right thigh.   With my thumbs, I held  her now smooth lips
wide apart, open  for me.  She Shelly could feel my hot breath as
my tongue came closer and closer.  Ever so gently, I blew on  her
exposed  clitoris,  hard   and  wet  and  ready  for   me.    "Oh
Please!...",  she moaned.   I  let  wait just  one moment  longer
before sucking it  into my mouth.  Her  hips bucked involuntarily
as my tongue licked her clit from side to side.  She was about to
come.   I reached  down with one  hand and gently  twisted at the
almost forgotten plug  in her bottom.   It was too much  for her.
Shelly cried out  loudly as  she pulled at  her restraints.   Her
hands clenched into fists and her toes curled  as wave after wave
her her  orgasm washed over  her.  Each  new flick of  my tongue,
each tug at the intruder in her bottom, each new sensation caused
another  peak as  Shelly cried  out  again and  again.   Finally,
exhausted, I let  her go.   It was  the beginning of  a night  of
lovemaking that would continue until dawn.
Best Friends Part 1
Story #45 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     "Today is the day!", thought Kara as  she woke up.  Kara had
been  making plans  for this  Saturday evening  for the  last two
weeks.   Two  weeks ago,  she had  been visiting  her boyfriend's
apartment when  she had discovered  a sex magazine on  the table.
It had been no ordinary Playboy either.  The one had a picture of
a naked woman  completely tied up on the cover!  The magazine had
been  full of such pictures  and stories.   Kara had devoured the
publication, fascinated  by what  she saw.   Mark had  never done
anything like  that with  her!  The  thought of  trying something
like this had lived in  Kara's most private fantasies for  a long
time but  now  the possibility  of turning  these fantasies  into
reality was  at hand.   Kara had shared  her plans with  her best
friend Laura and  Laura had agreed  to help.   She and Laura  had
been best friends for 10 of their  19 years and shared everything
with each other.    The day  passed in  a blur  as Kara  did some
shopping, picked  up some items  she would need that  evening and
got her apartment ready for  tonight's "hot" date.  Laura arrived
at about  6:00pm.  Her  face was flushed  as though she  had been
jogging.  'I am so damned wet, I can barely stand it!', she said.
Kara  grinned  back  at  her,  'Me  too!'    'What time  is  Mark
expected?', asked  Laura.  'At  8:00 o'clock.' answered  her best
friend.   'O.K., I couldn't resist  stopping by the sex  store on
1st Street.', said Laura, 'I  picked up a couple of "interesting"
items.'  You  went without me?!' exclaimed  Kara.  'What  did you
get?'  Laura  smiled,  'You'll  see.... When the time  is right.'
'Oh God!',  said Kara,  'I don't know  if I  can go  through with
this.'  'You'd  better decide quick Kara, because  this is pretty
much your last chance to back out.'   Kara hesitated for a moment
and then took  a deep breath.   'O.K., I'll do  it.  I  mean, I'm
dying to  try  it.   I'm just  nervous.'   'Great.', said  Laura,
'Ummmm,  have you  had  your bath  yet?'   Kara  shook  her head.
'Alright, off you  go to do  that then.   I'll get  a few  things
ready in your bedroom.'  Kara disappeared into the bathroom and a
few  moments later  Laura heard  the sound  of the  bathtub being
filled.  Laura picked up her bag and went into the bedroom. B   y
the time  Kara had finished with her  makeup, the time was almost
7:00 o'clock.   Wrapping a  huge bathtowel around her  young nude
body, Kara joined  Laura in the bedroom.   Kara noticed that  her
dresser was partly covered with a cloth that seemed to hide  some
objects that had  been placed there.  'What's  this?', she asked.
Laura  giggled from the  easy chair in the  corner.  'You'll find
out soon enough.   Are you ready  to start?'  Kara  hesitated one
last time.  When she  had first had the  idea of being naked  and
tied up  for Mark to  discover, she  hadn't figured  on being  so
nervous about it.  Now she felt herself trembling.  She knew that
the next step would mean taking  off her towel and allowing Laura
to  tie her  up.   After  all, that's  how they  had  planned it.
Certainly she and Laura had seen  each other naked before.   Kara
even remembered when they had double dated and had ended  up side
by side  on her  bed while  their boyfriends  made  love to  them
simultaneously.   This, however,  made Kara feel  more vulnerable
than  she  ever had  before.   Kara  felt her  eyes drawn  to the
dresser as she wondered  what Laura had bought  at the sex  shop.
Taking a deep  breath Kara tore her eyes from the dresser to look
at her  friend.  'Don't  look so smug.',  she grinned, 'You'd  be
nervous too  if it was you.'  Laura  grinned back, 'Well, are you
ready?'  In answer, Kara reached down and pulled the towel apart,
letting it drop  to the floor  to reveal her  naked body.   Laura
giggled, 'O.K.  then, sit down on the bed  and I'll give you your
first surprise.  Kara sat quickly on the bed as Laura reached for
something on the  dresser.  Laura turned  back to Kara  holding a
black silk scarf  in her hands.   'This is your blindfold.',  she
said.  'Oh God, here we go.', though  Kara as her friend tied the
blindfold around her head.  'Alright now, lay back.', said Laura.
Kara lay  back on the bed.  Her hands moved of their own volition
to cover herself.  'Oh no, that won't do at all.', said  Laura as
she gently  pulled Kara's hands  above her  head.  Kara  felt her
friend moving  across the bed  and then felt straps  of some kind
being fastened around her wrists.   Her wrists were pulled taught
and attached to  something at the head of the bed.   Kara was now
helpless.  She felt her breathing quicken as she heard Laura move
over to the  dresser.  A moment later, more straps were attached.
This time to Kara's thighs just above  her knees.  'Oh no.', Kara
thought to  herself as Laura  attached ropes to the  thigh straps
and  pulled  them back  and  wide  apart.   Laura  found  her own
breathing  quicken  as  she looked  down  at  her pretty  friend.
Kara's hands were tied to the headboard and her knees were now up
and wider apart than even  during a doctor's examination.  Kara's
curly brown muff was stretched  wide open and Laura couldn't miss
seeing the juices that appeared on her friend's parted pink slit.
'Whew!  This is getting hot!', thought Laura as she picked up the
straps  for Kara's  ankles.  A  few moments later,  Kara felt her
ankles pulled  wide apart also.   Laura  looked at her  watch, 40
minutes to  go!   'Are  you O.K.  Kara?', she  asked.   Kara  was
panting slightly.   'Uh huh.',  she answered.  'God  Kara, you're
sooo wet!', said Laura.  Laura smiled as she watched Kara blush a
deep red under  her blindfold.  'I  bought a few goodies  for you
today that'll make you  even wetter for Mark.',  she said.   Kara
squirmed slightly.  She wondered what Laura had in store for her.
Laura looked over  her purchases, trying to figure  out which one
to use first.   'Hmmm, the heating lotion I think.',  she said to
herself and opened up  the jar.  Taking a dollop  of the jelly on
her fingers, she  moved over to the  bed.  Suddenly it  was Laura
who was  nervous.  She  had enjoyed immensely watching  Kara take
off  her clothes.  And tying  her up had been  great.  Looking at
Kara's spread open  pussy had turned Laura  on but now  Laura was
going to have to  actually touch Kara's naked body.   As close as
they were, neither Kara nor  Laura had ever touched another woman
sexually before.  Laura  reached out two fingers and  tentatively
touched the  warming jelly to  Kara's already hard nipple.   Kara
gasped at the touch.   Feeling a bit more confident, Laura gently
circled the erect nipple.   She had always admired Kara's breasts
particularly the nipples.  Kara's nipples were a dark brown where
Laura's were a pale pink.   Both girls had unusually long nipples
but  Kara's  were  both  long  and thick.    Laura  had  secretly
fantasized about what it would be like to suck on Kara's nipples.
The lotion that now covered  Kara's right nipple was beginning to
heat up.   Kara's breathing was becoming  more and more ragged as
the  stimulation of  her nipple  increased.   'Do  you like  that
Kara?', asked her  best friend.   'Oh  yes.', replied  Kara in  a
gasp.   Taking  another large  dab of  the warming  lotion, Laura
began rubbing the  left nipple.  At  first she just dabbed  it on
but as she became bolder,  Laura began pinching and squeezing the
fat nipples.   Kara  was squirming helplessly  in her  bonds when
Laura's hands suddenly left her breasts.  The lotion was, by now,
very warm and Kara felt the hot stimulation constantly.     Laura
thought for a moment about what  to do next and then went to  the
dresser for a tube  of K Y jelly.   Covering one finger fully  in
the slippery  jelly, Laura moved back to  the bed and sat between
her  friend's outstretched  legs.   With  her  other hand,  Laura
gently  stroked the insides of  Kara's thighs letting her fingers
trail from the backs of  her knees all the way up to  just shy of
her soaking wet pussy lips.   Kara strained her hips upward in  a
vain attempt to have Laura touch her.  All of a sudden, Kara felt
a tickling sensation at  her rear opening.   She gasped and  went
absolutely  still.   Kara had  NEVER been  touched there  before.
Holding  her breath, Kara waited to see what Laura would do next.
The moment seemed  to last for hours as Kara felt the very tip of
Laura's finger circling her sensitive anus.  Kara was, of course,
helpless to  do anything  about it.   Nevertheless, she  felt her
toes curl  and her  thighs strain against  the straps  as Laura's
long thin finger slowly pushed into her virgin bottom.  Laura was
gentle but firm  as she slid her forefinger into Kara's bottom as
far as  it would go.   When it was  deep inside her, she  held it
there, letting Kara  get accustomed to having her  anus held open
by someone.  Then,  ever so slowly, she started moving her finger
in  and out in  what were at first,  minuscule movements and then
longer  and longer  strokes  until she  was  almost removing  her
finger and  then plunging it deep  into Kara's rectum.   Kara had
never felt anything like this before in her life.  The sensations
of the hot  lotion on her nipples and now the long thin finger of
Laura sliding in and out of her  anal opening had her panting out
loud.   Kara moaned, despite  herself and she felt  that familiar
twinge from deep in her belly that meant she was close to coming.
Laura must have felt it  too, because instantly, her finger slide
right out of  her bottom and Kara  was left panting,  hoping that
Laura would giver her relief.      Letting Kara  come so  quickly
was the furthest thing  from Laura's mind  and she was glad  that
she had stopped before Kara had been able to have an orgasm.  She
waited a few moments for Kara to calm down  and then went back to
the dresser for the  next toy for Kara to experience.   Kara felt
Laura get  up from the bed and then  heard her moving around over
near the dresser.  She had never been  so turned on as she was at
this moment.  The plan had always been for Kara to be tied up and
hot  and wet waiting  for Mark, but  this was more  than Kara had
ever imagined.  Kara felt Laura's  weight as she sat down on  the
bed, again between her legs.  Laura looked down at Kara's hot and
wet body.   Her pussy juices were actually  trickling down Kara's
body and adding  to the lubrication between her  buttocks.  Laura
looked down at the crinkled opening of Kara's anus.  It was shiny
from the  lubrication it had  just received and Laura  watched it
clench  as Kara anticipated it  being touched again.   In the sex
shop that afternoon, Laura had discovered something called a butt
plug.  The one she had purchased  was about five inches long.  It
was tapered at  the end and then widened out to about an inch and
a half wide at the widest part then tapered down again to about a
half inch wide  before attaching to  the T shaped  handle at  the
end.  The handle was to  prevent the plug from disappearing  into
the rectum, Laura  had been told.   Kara started as  Laura placed
the tip of the plastic intruder at the entrance to Kara's bottom.
Laura teased  just the first half inch in  and out of Kara to get
her  used to the  penetration.  Then,  in one long,  firm motion,
Laura slid the entire plug deep into her friend.  As the thickest
part passed into her, Kara's sphincter pulled the rest in seating
the 'T'  against her anus.   Kara was  breathing in short  ragged
breaths  now and  Laura could  see her  feet pulling  against the
straps Laura reached down and gently teased the plug.   Each time
she touched it, she was rewarded with a gasp or a moan from Kara.
Kara had never felt anything like what she was feeling now.   Her
anus was held open, impaled on the rectal plug.  Her nipples were
very hot from  the lotion that  had been rubbed  onto them.   She
could feel her own juices trickling down her buttocks.  Her whole
body was tensed  up, waiting for whatever Laura  decided to do to
her next.   The tiny  drip from an  ice cube  on her inner  thigh
caused Kara to jump.  That drip was followed by another, this one
halfway between  her hip and  her knee on  her left thigh.   Then
Kara felt Laura's warm breath  blowing gently where the water had
fallen.   Another  drip  of ice  water fell,  this time  a little
higher up on Kara's thigh.  Kara waited for the delicious feeling
of  Laura's warm  breath.   Instead,  she felt  the  very tip  of
Laura's  tongue,  licking  the  drop  of  water  from  her  thigh
'Ohhh!',  gasped Kara.   Thus  encouraged, Laura  worked her  way
slowly up Kara's smooth  inner thigh.  First a drip  from the ice
cube then  immediately followed by  her not roving tongue.   Kara
was beside herself.   As Laura's tongue got closer and  closer to
Kara's  dripping  pussy,  the  tension  got  higher  and  higher.
Finally, Laura's tongue  travelled up and down where  Karas thigh
met her pussy.  Kara knew that the next lick would be directly on
her  clit.   She arched  her hips up,  silently begging  her best
friend to  lick her hard nubbin.  Laura  had other ideas.  Moving
back  down, she  started  on  Kara's other  thigh.   'I'll  never
survive this.', thought Kara as she moaned loudly and squirmed in
the tough nylon  straps that held her  tight.  It seemed  to take
forever for  Laura and her maddening tongue  to make their way up
Kara's thighs.   Kara  held her breath  in anticipation  and then
gasped as the  ice cube dripped  on her  spread open pussy  lips.
Kara felt the  cool drip of water  trail down her pussy  lips and
around the base of the plug still lodged firmly inside her before
sliding down  between her  buttocks.  'I'll  bet you'd  like your
little  pussy licked wouldn't you?', asked  Laura teasingly.  'Oh
God. Please do  it Laura.  I'm  going crazy!', said Kara.   'It's
almost time  Kara.  Mark will be here  any minute.  I've unlocked
the door for him.  I  think he'd like to see you this  hot.'  'Oh
please Laura.   Please lick it.   I can't  wait anymore.'   Laura
reached down with  the fingers of  her left hand and  held Kara's
pussy lips wide  apart.  Kara's clitoris was hard and pink.  Kara
was holding her breath.  With her other hand, Laura  reached down
and grasped the end of  the butt plug.  She pulled  at it gently.
Not hard enough  to remove it, just  hard enough to tease  Kara's
anal muscles a  little more.  Kara  moaned loudly and as  she did
Laura  leaned over and ran her hot,  wet tongue directly over her
friend's  clit.   Kara bucked  her hips  at the  sudden exquisite
sensation and cried out.   Her whole body tightened up  and as it
did, she  felt her anus clamp  down hard on the  rectal intruder,
pulling it  solidly into her  bottom.   It was  almost too  much.
Laura got up and looked down at  Kara who was pulling in vain  at
her bonds.   Kara's  whole body was  covered in  a thin  sheen of
sweat and  Laura could see that she  was trembling.  'She's soooo
close.', thought Laura.  Suddenly  the  doorbell   rang.    Laura
jumped up.  'I'm going to be in the closet', she  whispered, 'I'm
going to watch everything Kara.'  Kara nodded her head, now  both
nervous  and excited at the prospect of  having Mark see her tied
up like  this.  'You're not  going to leave that thing  in my ass
are you?', she whispered  back.  Laura smiled.   She reached down
with one hand and pushed hard at the base of the anal plug.  Kara
gasped as the plug moved within her.  'You bet I am.', said Laura
as she scurried  into the closet to  wait for Mark.   Laura could
hear Mark coming along the corridor.   She had only a few moments
before he would come in the bedroom.  She reached under her skirt
and pulled at her soaking  panties, pulling them off and allowing
her easy access to her own pussy as she peaked out  of the closet
and waited for what would happen next at her friend.

Karen Visits Master Chris
Story #46 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Karen felt  a familiar  tingling of  excitement as her  taxi
pulled up to the hotel entrance.  Whenever she got the  chance to
meet her Master it was a  thrill.  She wished for the  thousandth
time that her Master lived in the same city as she did and sighed
audibly.  Still, she  thought, it's wonderful to  see him when  I
do.   The would  be their fifth  meeting and  Karen wondered what
would happen this time.  Sex had  never been like it was with her
master.   Under his  expert training, Karen  had been  brought to
levels she  never would have  imagined before.  Master  Chris had
taught her the delights of being blindfolded.  He had excited her
beyond anything she had ever experienced when he bound her.  Each
demand he made seemed  to bring a blush  to her face as he  asked
more and more of her.  She  had discovered, to her surprise, that
anal sex  was an  incredible turn-on as  was having  to 'display'
herself  to him.   She had  expected that  a spanking would  be a
complete turn off.   She  was wrong.   Bending over her  Master's
knee  with  her bare  bottom  presented  for punishment  had  her
soaking wet in  seconds.  Now, just  the sight of a  blindfold or
handcuffs turned her on.
     It had been 3 months since the last session.  It had started
out very much like this,  with Karen meeting Master Chris  at his
hotel.  Here she  was again.  As instructed, Karen  was wearing a
light cotton skirt and blouse.   Underneath there was, of course,
no undergarments.   As Karen got out of the taxi, she was careful
to hold her skirt  down in the windy weather.   Karen walked into
the hotel and up to  the front desk.  "Do you have  a message for
me?", she asked, "My  name is Karen Sommer."  "Oh  yes.", replied
the clerk, "This envelope is for you."  Karen opened the envelope
and  read the  note inside.    'Come to  room 421'  it  said, 'Be
prepared to obey any instructions given to you.'   Karen felt her
pulse quicken as she read the note.
     A few short moments later  Karen was in the elevator heading
for the  4th floor.   As she rode  up Karen could  feel her pussy
getting warmer and warmer.   Her nipples were hard and  thick and
poked through the thin fabric of  her blouse.  Karen hesitated at
the door of  room 421.  Once she actually knocked, she knew there
would be no turning back.  It was a piquant moment.   One of fear
and excitement at  the same time.   Karen took a deep  breath and
knocked on  the door.   For a  long moment  nothing happened  and
Karen was left listening  to the pounding of her heart.  Suddenly
the door opened and Karen found herself looking  into the face of
a complete  stranger!  "He's  handsome.", Karen said  to herself.
The man was in his mid-thirties  with short dark hair and crystal
clear  blue   eyes.     "Yes?",  he  said.     "Oh,   I'm  s-s-s-
sorrry.",stammered  Karen, "I  m-m-m-must have  the wrong  room."
The  man's smile  seemed to  pierce right  through her,  "No Miss
Sommer, you do not.  Come in"  Karen's eyes slowly widened as she
began to grasp what was about to happen.
     As if  in a daze she felt  herself walking into the spacious
hotel suite.   "Stand  here." said  the man  and  pointed to  the
middle of the room.  Karen stood where directed and looked around
the room, hoping.  But her Master was not to  be found.  The man,
meanwhile,  was now sitting in one of  the room's easy chairs and
seemed to  be enjoying  her discomfort.   "Turn around  Karen and
face away from me." he said firmly.   His voice seemed to command
her and Karen  found herself turning before she  could even think
to  disobey.   Facing  away from  the strange  man was  even more
disconcerting.   Karen felt her  palms becoming sweaty.   She was
acutely  aware of her  nakedness beneath  her thin  cotton skirt.
She was sure it  would not be long before her lack of panties was
discovered.    Karen  was  left  standing that  way  for  several
minutes.   She heard  the man get  up and  walk around  the room.
Although she  could see him  (She didn't dare turn  around.), her
hearing became more sensitive as  she listened to the opening and
closing  of luggage  zippers and  bureau drawers.   Karen  gasped
softly as he  pulled a blindfold down over her eyes.  Despite the
fact that she  was fully clothed, Karen felt  more vulnerable and
exposed than she ever had before.
     It was another  couple of minutes before she  felt the touch
of the  strange man  again.  Despite  herself, Karen  was getting
more  and more  excited by this  strange turn  of events.   Karen
heard the  man move in front of her.  His hands were gentle as he
reached for  the top  button  on her  blouse.   Karen could  help
trembling as  her blouse  slowly came  open.   As  he pulled  the
blouse from  her skirt  and pulled the  sides apart,  Karen could
feel a draft of air drift across her now naked breasts.  Her dark
brown  nipples crinkled at  the sensation.   Karen's breasts were
well shaped but  not large.  Her nipples, on the other hand, were
unusually thick  and long.  Although there  was literally nothing
that she could  do to control them, Karen blushed  as her nipples
stiffened.  Karen half-expected the  man to touch her now exposed
breasts.  Instead,  he reached for  the clasp of  her skirt.   Oh
God, thought Karen, now he's going  to see EVERYTHING.  Karen had
not thought about  it up until  now but, unlike  most women,  her
pubis  was  shaved  completely  smooth  in  accordance  with  her
Master's  wishes.     The  clasp  and  zipper   presented  little
difficulty  and much  to  Karen's  embarrassment,  she  felt  the
garment fall to a puddle at her ankles.
     The man  moved slowly  around the  naked girl  examining her
body.  She was very pretty.  He left her there for a few moments,
letting  her savor the sensation  of being naked, blindfolded, in
front of a strange  man.  She didn't even know  his name.  "Hands
behind your head Karen.", he said suddenly.  Karen quickly did as
he asked.   "Elbows back."  Karen pushed her  elbows further back
thus lifting  her breasts  further out for  presentation.   "Feet
apart.", he  said.   Wordlessly Karen spread  her legs.   She had
never felt so helpless.  Now she  heard the man moving around her
again, examining her.  God she was wet!
     The knock on  the door startled  her.   Karen gasped.   What
should she  do?, she  thought as  her heart  began to  race in  a
panic.  To her  horror, she heard the man go over to the door and
open it.  "Come in.", he said.  Karen felt her face  flush a beet
red as someone  else walked into the  room.  The door  closed and
someone sat in  the chair in  front of  her.  "Yes,  put them  on
her." said  the man and  Karen knew that  it was him  sitting and
watching her.  Karen felt cool delicate hands attaching straps to
the tops of her thighs.  They were cinched tight.  Similar straps
went around  her wrists, still  held obediently behind  her head.
The  wrist straps  were now  attached together  with a  clasp and
Karen felt a  cool thin chain hanging  down her back and  between
her buttocks dangling  from the clasp at her  wrists.  The bottom
of this chain split in  two and was attached to the straps on her
thighs.  Her hands were now securely held behind her head leaving
her  helpless to pull her hands forward.  Until she was released,
even if she wanted  to, she would be unable to  cover her breasts
or pussy.  "Very nice.", said the man.  "Now take  the pictures."
Pictures!? thought  Karen, Oh No!   Karen heard the  click of the
camera  several  times  as  she  was  photographed  from  several
different directions.
     "She's very  pretty like  this isn't  she?", said  a woman's
voice,  confirming Karen's suspicions  about the other  person in
the room.  "I love these nipples.   Look how long they are.", she
said as Karen felt her right nipple grasped between the thumb and
forefinger  of  the woman.   Karen  gasped as  the over-sensitive
nipple  was pulled  forward.   "I think  her Master  made  a good
choice in  keeping her shaved  also.", said the strange  woman as
she  trailed  her  fingers  down  Karen's  belly  to  stroke  the
prominent mound.  "Perhaps we can  talk Chris into lending her to
us for a weekend."  The man laughed, "Perhaps,  but he'd probably
be more inclined to come along and have the three of us train her
at the same time as a couple of others."
     Karen stood quietly as the two strangers discussed her.  The
conversation was, at once, terrifying and exciting.  "She's got a
perfect ass  too." said the woman.   "I'd love to heat  it up for
her."   Karen felt  the woman's hands  stroking her  buttocks and
wondered  if a spanking was next.   The man chuckled, "Maybe next
time.  We'd better get her ready."  Karen felt the woman grab her
left nipple firmly.  "Come with  me Karen.", she said as she  led
the blindfolded woman into the next room.  "Good girl.  Now stand
still."   Karen's  nipples were  throbbing  where the  woman  had
tugged at them.  The  chain was disconnected from her  thighs and
Karen's hands were pulled forward over  her head to hang in front
of her.
     The  woman disconnected  her  wrists  and  pushed  the  girl
forward.  Karen's knees bumped against a  low table.  "Get on the
table on your hands and knees." said the woman.  Karen did as she
was  told and  found the table  to be  padded with leather.   The
woman carefully  adjusted Karen's  position.   "Knees wide  apart
Karen."   she instructed.   Straps were  attached now  to Karen's
ankles  and then fastened  apart to the table.   Her thigh straps
were  lowered to  just above  her knees.   "Head down."  said the
woman.   Karen bent forward  and obediently pressed her  cheek to
the cool leather.   Karen's buttocks were now high in the air and
well displayed.   The woman  took Karen's wrists and  pulled them
back to attach them to the straps  at her knees.  Thin chains now
held her knees wide  apart leaving Karen helplessly exposed  from
the  rear.  Karen had  never been more excited in  her life.  Her
pussy was soaking  wet and she could  feel a tiny trickle  of her
own juices  working it  way down  her thigh.   The  click of  the
camera  had her  gasp again  as another  series of  pictures were
taken.
     Karen heard  a movement behind  her then a long  thin finger
slid  slowly but  firmly deep  into her  bottom.   Karen couldn't
stifle a loud moan as the woman's finger violated her tight anus.
The woman continued  to lubricate her first with  one finger then
with two.   The in and  out, twisting motions were  driving Karen
crazy.  "O.K.  she's ready.", said  the woman as  she pulled  her
fingers from  Karen's body.   Karen  clenched her  rectal muscles
involuntarily as her body made a vain attempt to keep the probing
fingers within her.  A moment  later, Karen felt the plastic  tip
of some  kind of plug  as it was  teased into  her tight and  now
slippery opening.   The tip of the plug was thin and the man slid
it slowly in  and out, getting Karen used  to its size.   Now the
man slide the whole plug into her in one long motion slowing only
momentarily for the thick bulge in the middle of the plug to pass
into her body.  The plug was now lodged firmly in Karen's shapely
rear.  The thick bulge in the middle  of the plug was now deep in
Karen's rectum.   It  would prevent Karen  from pushing  the plug
out.   Until  it was  removed for  her, the  anal intruder  would
remain where it was.  Karen was now breathing heavily.
     The  woman stroked Karen's  cheek gently.   "Good-bye little
one.", she  said, "You will meet us again  soon."  Karen felt the
man's hand touch the end of  the anal plug and suddenly she  felt
it come alive.  The tip of the plug that was lodged firmly in her
started to grow longer.  The tip extended itself even deeper into
her bottom  in a slow  but relentless movement.   Karen whimpered
and the couple watched her clench her  fists and curl her toes at
the exquisite  sensation.   Now  the  tip retreated  again  quite
slowly  and then  extended  again.   The  man  patted her  bottom
gently.  "Good-bye  Karen.", he chuckled.  Karen  could only moan
as she heard them walk to the door and leave.
     The butt plug continued it's easy in and out motions in long
strokes that  had Karen gasp at each  deep penetration.  The next
five minutes  seemed like  hours before she  heard the  door open
again.   Footsteps made their way to her  side.  Who was it now?,
she wondered as the plug once again  worked its way deep into her
rectum.   "Hello Karen.", said her Master,  "Have you been a good
girl?"  "Oh yes Sir.", gasped Karen.  "Please... Please Sir", she
whimpered.   Master Chris smiled  as he moved  behind her.  Karen
felt the  tip of his cock at the  entrance to her drenched pussy.
Gently he  nudged the head  of it between her  swollen pussy lips
and held it there for a moment.  "I watched  the whole thing, you
know.",  he said,  "I've been  here the  whole time."   "Oh  Sir,
please take  me... Please!",  begged Karen.   He timed  his first
thrust to be at  the same time and speed as  the penetrating anal
plug.  Karen felt herself filled in front and behind at  the same
time.  The  sensation was too much.  Karen's body trembled as the
first wave of her orgasm  hit her.  She cried out again and again
as each  wave washed over her.  Dimly, as if from a distance, she
heard her Master cry out as he spent himself deep in her.
     Karen lay quietly as the  plug was removed and her blindfold
and bonds undone.  Finally, curled up on the bed in  her Master's
arms, she  looked up into his eyes.  "Thank you.", she whispered.
Then, purring like a contented cat, she closed her eyes to sleep.

For a Price
Story #47A in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

Chapter 1: The Contract
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     Kathryn looked out the window of the Boeing 747 and wondered
for the thousandth time if she had made the right choice.  It was
almost a month ago that she had been approached by a handsome man
with a remarkable proposition.  How  they had gotten her name and
how they seemed to know  everything about her had been a  mystery
at first. It had been  a hectic day at work  that fateful Friday.
When Kathryn had arrived  home there was only one  message on her
answering  machine.   "Hello Miss  Duel.",  said the  disembodied
voice, "My name is Alexander March.  We have not met.  However, i
have  been told  that  you  might be  interested  in an  exciting
business  opportunity.  I'd like to  meet with you to discuss it.
You  can reach me  at the Hilton  Hotel."  Her  curiosity piqued,
Kathryn wondered  what on earth  the cryptic message meant.   She
kicked off  her shoes and started to undress  as she headed for a
well deserved shower.   Leaving a trail of clothes  behind her as
she   went,  Kathryn  considered  whether  to  return  the  call.
Certainly she  had never  heard of this  Alexander March  but the
idea  of an 'exciting' adventure intrigued her.  The hot water of
the shower  was soothing  and Kathryn let  the hot  water cascade
over her as  she cleaned away the  sweat of a hot,  stressful day
playing secretary.  Kathryn wrapped  a huge bath towel around her
as  she stepped from the shower.   Kathryn headed for her closet.
If I'm  going  to meet  someone  about a  job,  I'd better  dress
properly, she thought.   After some  consideration, she picked  a
skirt and  blouse combination  that was  very feminine  but still
professional.  As she dropped the  towel, she caught a glimpse of
herself  in the full  length mirror in  her bedroom.   'Mmmm, not
bad.',  she said to herself.  Her  23 year old body was, in fact,
in perfect condition.  Her 34B breasts were firm and well shaped.
Her  nipples  were  dark  and  unusually  thick  and  pointed  up
slightly.  Turning to face the mirror, Kathryn took an appraising
look  at  her  well tanned  body.    The tan  line  at  her waist
accentuated her  tight tummy and  curved hips.  Her  breasts were
also well  tanned thanks  to a couple  of vacations  to Caribbean
islands  where topless sunbathing  was the norm.   Kathryn's hair
was  short,  blond  and curly  both  above  and below.    'A true
blond.', she  giggled.  Kathryn  watched her nipples  crinkle and
extend as she began  to get turned  on.  "It's  sure not hard  to
tell when  you're turned  on", she accused  her reflexion  as she
pulled on  her bikini panties.   Her beige  skirt and white  silk
blouse looked  good  with her  tan  and Kathryn  decided  against
stockings or a bra.      Her  telephone  call to  the  Hilton was
next.     "Hello Mr. March?", asked Kathryn in a tentative voice.
"Yes?"  "My name is Kathryn Duel.  I understand your  looking for
me."  "Ah yes, Miss Duel.  I have a business  proposition for you
that I think  you'll find interesting."  "Can you tell me what it
is?", asked Kathryn.  "Certainly, but I'd prefer it if I could do
so in person.  Can I treat  you to dinner?"  "Alright.", answered
Kathryn.   "Good.", said the man, "A limo  will pick you up in an
hour."    The phone  went  dead  before  Kathryn could  even  say
goodbye.  An hour later, the limousine picked up Kathryn in front
of her door.  Kathryn wondered what she was getting herself into.
This was certainly  not like any job interview she  had ever been
on.   A handsome,  well dressed man  was in  the back seat.   The
first thing Kathryn noticed about him were his eyes.  Even in the
dim light of the limo, they were a piercing steel grey.   Kathryn
felt like  they were  looking right through  her.   "Good evening
Miss Duel.   I am Alexander March.   We'll be eating  at a french
restaurant.  One of your favorites, I believe."  "How do you know
so  much about  me?", asked  Kathryn.   "I'll  explain everything
shortly." he replied.    Their table was waiting for them at Chez
Pierre's.   It was,  as promised, her  favorite restaurant.   Mr.
March had arranged for a secluded  table in an alcove where  they
could  talk   privately.    Despite   Kathryn's  curiosity,   the
conversation  was very general  all through the  meal and Kathryn
found  herself very  comfortable in  Alexander's  company.   When
coffee  was finally  served and  the waiter  had left  them alone
again, her dinner companion turned to the subject of his offer.
"Miss  Duel,", began Alexander, "I represent an extremely wealthy
British businessman who is currently  living on his own island in
the Mediterranean near Greece.  This man is a billionaire several
times over.  He has some unusual  interests, one of which I think
matches your own.  Each year, this gentleman hires a young person
such as  yourself for  a one  year contract.   The  pay for  this
contract is  $250,000 tax free."   Kathryn gasped audibly  as her
eyebrows raised.   "And what do I  have to do for a  quarter of a
million  dollars?", she  asked suspiciously.   Alexander  smiled,
"This  gentleman is  one of  a  large group  of people  who share
similar  tastes.   You  are  one of  that  group.   "Oh?",  asked
Kathryn,  "What group  is that?"   Alexander  smiled again.   "It
consists  of people who  enjoy sexual dominance  and submission."
Kathryn was stunned!  She stared back at Alexander with her mouth
hanging open.   She couldn't seem to catch  her breath.  When she
finally  found her voice again,  it was a  mere whisper, "How did
you know  that I...  I..." "That you  enjoy that kind  of play?",
offered Alexander.   Kathryn nodded.   "It is my job  to discover
young women such as yourself Kathryn.   When I made some discrete
enquiries, I came across your  last boyfriend, Robert who gave me
your  name."  Kathryn  barely heard him.   Her mind  was racing a
mile  a  minute.    She thought  back  to  Robert  who had  first
introduced her  to the delights  of bondage.  she  remembered the
first time he had blindfolded her  and how wonderful it had been.
She  remembered the  first time  she  was tied  helpless and  the
sensation of  pulling frantically at  her bonds as  Robert licked
her  to orgasm.   Truthfully,  sex  had not  been exciting  since
Robert.   With an  effort, Kathryn  brought herself  back to  the
table  and  this strange  man  with  the  piercing eyes  who  was
watching her quietly.   "What  would I  have to  do?", she  asked
quietly.  "For  a period of one year,  starting approximately one
month from now., you  would be the  sexual slave of my  employer.
There are  numerous conditions laid  out in a contract  you would
sign but essentially, you  would have to obey all demands made of
you during that time.  you  would not suffer any permanent damage
or injury.  this offer is  a one time offer only and will  not be
repeated.  Also, the offer is contingent on you receiving a clean
bill of  health from our physician.  At the  end of the year, you
will receive transportation to any  location in the world and the
equivalent of $250,000 U.S. in the currency of your choice."
Kathryn let out  a long breath.   For a long moment,  nothing was
said  as the two  of them looked  at each other.   Kathryn's mind
raced in a hundred different directions at once.  It was quite an
offer.  To her surprise,  Kathryn noticed that not only  were her
nipples suddenly hard as rocks but that she was soaking wet!  The
whole idea turned her on!  'I must be crazy.', Kathryn thought to
herself  as she  considered the offer.   "How  long do I  have to
decide?",  she asked  Alexander.    "Until  tomorrow  morning  at
9:00AM.", he  replied   "Alright.", she said,  "I'll tell  you my
decision by then."  Kathryn did not get any  sleep.  The more she
thought  about the  offer, the  more attractive  it seemed.   The
money was  certainly attractive but  even more than that  was the
excitement of the  offer.  Kathryn was definitely  not happy with
her life the way it was now.  By 7:00AM Saturday morning, Kathryn
had made  up her mind.   Alexander's phone answered  on the first
ring.   "O.K., I'll  do it.",  she told  him.   "Very good.",  he
replied.   "Be at this address  at noon today for  your medical."
Alexander gave  her the  address of  a downtown medical  complex.
When Kathryn arrived  at the doctor's, she was  the only patient.
The doctor,  an older  man, ushered her  into the  examining room
herself.  Over  the next 45 minutes, Kathryn was subjected to the
most thorough examination she had  ever experienced.  Among other
things, the doctor took blood  and urine samples and recorded her
exact  measurements  and weight  including  her shoe  size  and a
number of  other measurements that  Kathryn found unusual.   'Why
would they want my wrist  size or my ankle size?',  she wondered.
When he was done, he handed Kathryn a paper  gown and told her to
put  it on and then  join him in his office.   Kathryn donned the
rear opening gown and  did up the ties at the  neck and the small
of her back.  She always felt strangely vulnerable wearing one of
these gowns and  she was feeling quite vulnerable  as she entered
the doctor's  office.   To  her surprise,  Alexander was  already
sitting with the doctor.  Kathryn blushed self consciously as she
entered  the room.    "Everything checks  out.",  the doctor  was
telling Alexander,  "We'll have  the blood  and urine  tests back
within  the  hour."     "Very  good.",  said   Alexander.  "Hello
Kathryn.", he smiled, "I'm going to take you to lunch shortly and
when we return, if  the test results check  out o.k., we'll  have
your contract ready to sign.   Also there's an envelope here with
$20,000 in cash as an  advance that you can  use to wind up  your
affairs over  the next month.  Before we  go though, there is one
more thing.  Given the peculiar type of arrangement we're making,
I'm  sure you'll  understand why.    I'll be  returning with  the
contract to my employer today and he'll want to know exactly what
you look like.  I'll  need a couple of photographs of  you in the
nude."  Kathryn felt  a hot blush hit her  face as she heard  the
request.   "Please remove  your gown  Kathryn.", said  Alexander.
Kathryn's hands were trembling as  she reached behind her to undo
the ties to the  thin paper covering that was her only protection
from the  unrelenting gaze of  this unusual man.   Kathryn slowly
pulled the gown  from her shoulders and  held it for a  moment at
her  breasts, putting  off  the final  exposure  for yet  another
moment.  Finally,  as though making a decision  with herself, she
let  the flimsy gown fall  to the floor.  Kathryn  felt a tear of
humiliation trickle down one cheek as Alexander looked her up and
down  appraisingly.    To Kathryn's  further  embarrassment,  her
nipples tightened uncontrollably and began extending out from her
tanned breasts.   "You're very pretty Kathryn.",  said Alexander.
"Thank you." whispered Kathryn.  Alexander reached for the camera
on the desk.  Kathryn  blinked as the flash went off.  "Very nice
Kathryn, now please clasp your  hands behind your head."  Kathryn
obediently  did as she  was asked.   Again the  brilliance of the
flash illuminated the room.  "That's fine Kathryn.  You  can drop
your hands.   Now please  turn and face  away from me."   Kathryn
turned to  display her  curved buttocks to  the man.   "Look over
your shoulder so I can see your face." instructed Alexander.  The
camera clicked for the  third time.  "Spread your legs  far apart
Kathryn."   She  did  so.   "A  little  farther if  you  please."
Kathryn edged her  bare feet wider apart.   Again she was blinded
by the flash.   "Good.  You  can look forward now."   Thankfully,
Kathryn looked away from Alexander's gaze.  "Don't move Kathryn."
he said.  Kathryn heard him rise  from his seat and walk forward.
She could feel his presence right behind her but didn't dare turn
around.  His hand was suddenly between her legs from behind going
higher and higher then a probing finger dipping deep into her for
a moment.  Alexander chuckled,  "Your soaking wet. I think you're
going to like this contract.   Alright go back into the examining
room  and  get dressed.    A couple  of minutes  later  they were
walking  down  the  corridor.   Four  floors  below  the doctor's
office, they entered another office.  Alexander sat down behind a
large mahogany desk and motioned for Kathryn to sit down in front
of it.  In the middle of the desk was a beautiful spread of food.
"I  thought we'd  work while  we eat  alright?"   Kathryn nodded.
"Good.  I have  a number of questions to ask you.   They are very
personal  in nature  and will  require you  to answer  completely
honestly.  Are you ready?"  Again Kathryn nodded her head.  "O.K.
Question number  one: How old  were you when you  masturbated for
the  first  time?"   Kathryn  blushed  again.   "Thirteen.",  she
replied.  "Good, alright, number two: When you masturbate, do you
insert any objects  into your vagina?"   "Yes...", said  Kathryn.
The  questions continued.   They  seemed endless.   Kathryn found
herself describing  in intimate  detail what  variations of  love
making  she  had experienced  and  what she  had  ever fantasized
about.  Alexander  asked her if she had ever had sex with another
woman?  (No); Had she  ever fantasized about it?  (Yes);  Had she
ever had anal  sex? (No); Had  she ever pushed anything  in there
when masturbating? (No); Had she  ever fantasized about it? (Yes)
The questions went  on for about an  hour.  Finally it  was over.
In  the  middle  of  the  questioning, the  phone  had  rung  and
Alexander had answered.   Now he told her that the  physician had
certified her as having a clean bill of health.  "The contract is
here and  ready for you to  sign.", he told her.   Kathryn took a
deep breath  and started  to read.   The contract  was remarkably
simple, using a minimum  of legalese and was  very direct in  its
approach.    It was  as  Alexander had  described.   Essentially,
Kathryn was placing herself in this man's care  for one full year
and in  return was entitled to the  quarter of a million dollars.
The  contract promised  that  she  would  complete  the  contract
without  sustaining  any  permanent damage  or  injury.   Kathryn
picked up the pen and held it to the paper.  She hesitated a long
moment  then  in a  firm  stroke, signed  the two  copies  of the
contract.   Alexander smiled at  her as he handed  her the second
copy and  a thick  envelope.  "I  will be  sending you  your next
instructions by  courrier.", he  said.   "They will contain  your
airline  ticket.   In the  meantime, I  recommend that  you start
organizing your  life to be away from here  for a year."  Kathryn
seemed in a  daze when she left the  building.  Not for  the last
time, she wondered if she had made the right choice.

Chapter 2: Monday
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The month passed incredibly quickly.  Now here she was in a plane
headed to  Greece.   The instructions she  had received  had been
surprisingly brief.  She was to pack a bag only with  toiletries.
All  of the  clothing she  would require  would be  provided for.
'That's probably not much at all.', Kathryn guessed.  The package
had contained a pair of shoes  and a pale yellow sundress.   This
was  all that she  was to wear.   The message specifically stated
that she was not to wear a  bra, panties or stockings of any kind
but that she  was to be completely nude under the dress.  Kathryn
had felt  all day as though everyone who  looked at her could see
right through the  thin cotton fabric of her dress.   Despite her
embarrassment, she seemed  to be in a constant  state of arousal.
The  message had  also specifically  forbidden  her to  stimulate
herself sexually by touching or masturbating herself.  By     the
time the plane landed, Kathryn was hot and wet.  Her dark nipples
had been sticking forward into the thin yellow cotton all day and
they were  quite visible to  anyone who looked directly  at them.
At the  Athens airport, Kathryn  was relieved  to find  Alexander
waiting  for her.   "You  look  perfect Kathryn.",  he told  her,
"You'll be going  by private aircraft from here."   Alexander led
her to the private terminal section of the airport and helped her
board an amphibious  plane that was capable of  landing either on
land  or in the water.  "This  plan will take you directly to the
island.", he told her.  It is about a thirty minute flight.  When
you arrive,  you will  be told  what to  do.   Your contract  has
started Kathryn.  If you  don't obey them, when you  arrive, they
will  make you."  Kathryn felt a shiver  run down her spine.  She
was committed.  "I'm ready.", she  said.  Alexander smiled as the
hatch closed and the plane taxied toward the  runway.  The flight
was beautiful allowing  Kathryn to get a good look at some of the
Greek islands and the crystal blue Mediterranean.  The flight was
not long  and soon  Kathryn was  looking out  her  window at  the
island where her employer was waiting for her.  The island itself
was beautiful.   Rocky and wild as  are most Greek Islands,  this
was a  jewel rising up  from the deep blue  of the Mediterranean.
Kathryn caught a glimpse  of a perfect  beach of pure white  sand
with several people  either sunning themselves or  playing in the
water.  'He must  have had the sand flown in.', wondered Kathryn,
knowing that rocky  beaches are much more common  than sandy ones
in  Greece.  A  moment later, the pilot  banked the plane sharply
and then  settled it onto the water.   Kathryn's heart started to
pound as the plane pulled closer and closer to the dock.  Kathryn
watched as  a  beautiful, tall  blond woman  descended the  stone
steps to  the dock  flanked by  two large  tanned men.   The  men
helped to tie  up the plane to  the dock and then  helped Kathryn
out of  the plane and onto land once  again.  Kathryn was acutely
aware of  her lack  of undergarments as  she stepped  out of  the
plane.  She reached down  to demurely keep her dress  from flying
up in the light sea breeze.  She needn't have bothered.     "Good
Morning  Kathryn.", said the  woman, "Please remove  your dress."
Kathryn looked up in shock.  Besides the woman there were the two
men and  the pilot watching her expectantly.   "Do not delay Miss
Duel." said the  woman sharply.  "If  you do not do  it yourself,
you will have it done for you by these men." The     blush    hit
Kathryn's face  like a house on  fire.  Suddenly the  enormity of
what  she  had   undertaken  occurred  to   her.    The   woman's
authoritative voice had Kathryn reaching  for the tie at the back
of her neck before she  could really think about it.  The two men
looked on  expectantly and  Kathryn's hands  faltered.  Her  mind
told them to undo the dress and  let it fall to her feet but they
would not  obey.  She felt  herself trembling.  "This  is silly",
she thought to herself.  "It's no worse  than nude sunbathing and
I've  done that  plenty."  Still  her hands  refused to  open the
dress.    "Kathryn!",  said the woman  and for a  moment, Kathryn
was shocked out of her reverie.  Slowly Kathryn pulled at the bow
that held  the thin straps  to the dress  and then with  one more
moment's delay as though savoring the last moment of her modesty,
she let go of the straps and  felt the thin cotton sundress slide
over her breasts and down her back and thighs to settle in a heap
at her ankles.   This left her wearing only her  sandles  The two
men  seemed to enjoy her new attire  immensely.  The woman smiled
as she looked Kathryn up and  down.  "Yes, very nice.", she  said
quietly.  "Alright, bring her up to the house."  The two men each
took an arm and gently but quickly they escorted the  young woman
up the stone stairs from the dock to the large villa above.   The
woman ahead  of them  kept up  a brisk  pace  and Kathryn  almost
forgot that she was the only naked person in the group until they
reached the top  of the stairs.  To Kathryn's shock, there were a
group  of  people  sunning  beside  the  pool  as  they  arrived.
Everyone stopped as the entourage of the woman, the two men  and,
of  course, Kathryn  walked  straight  through  them  toward  the
veranda.  Kathryn  felt her  blush cover her  face and move  down
across her  chest to leave  even the  tops of her  breasts tinged
pink.  Everyone, both men and women, seemed  to be inspecting her
and Kathryn  was helpless to prevent it.   As they approached the
veranda,  Kathryn looked  around.   She was on  a patio  that was
partly covered with  solid beams.  There was no roof as such, the
beams seemed  more for decoration.   The woman came to  an abrupt
halt and turned around.  Kathryn looked down and saw that she was
now holding a silk scarf.  She smiled slightly  as she approached
Kathryn with the  scarf.  A moment later,  Kathryn felt the black
silk cover her eyes and then reach around to be tied in back.  It
was the last  of the clear blue Mediterranean she would see for a
while.    Soft  leather cuffs  were attached  to  her ankles  and
wrists and then adjusted so that they  were snug but not so tight
as to inhibit circulation.  Kathryn felt her hands being attached
above her  head.  The soft leather cuffs  were attached to a rope
that was then  pulled upwards until Kathryn's arms were stretched
toward  the  beam  above  her.   Other  ropes  were  attached  to
Kathryn's ankle cuffs and these were pulled wide apart to stretch
her legs open.   One of  the large men  moved behind Kathryn  and
held her hips still as the woman sat on a small stool in front of
the  submissive girl.   Kathryn  felt the  woman's fingers  touch
lightly at her pubis and then heard the sound of scissors cutting
away at her curly brown pubic hair.  As Kathryn realized what was
happening to her, her face took on a deep blush again.  The sound
of the  various guests speaking  to each other about  her, didn't
help the blush disappear.   Kathryn was surprised to find herself
getting more and  more turned on.   When the woman  abandoned the
scissors for the  shaving creme, Kathryn gasped  despite herself.
The woman  was slow and  methodical, making sure that  every last
hair  was removed.  She even  had one of the  men hold the pretty
girl's buttock open so as to catch  the tiny hairs hidden there .
Kathryn had  never felt more exposed.   The woman  made sure that
her fingers had plenty of opportunity to rub against the helpless
woman's clitoris.  Kathryn got  steadily wetter and wetter as teh
woman's nimble fingers  stretched her sensitive inner  pussy lips
out for their shaving.  Finally the last of the shaving creme was
removed  with a cloth and Kathryn felt warm oil being rubbed into
her now  bare pubis.   Now the woman  reached for a  container of
rouge and  Kathryn suffered the  indignity of having  her nipples
and inner pussy lips rouged by the elder woman.         Despite
herself, Kathryn found her nipples swelling until they  were rock
hard.  She found herself moaning softly as the gentle sea  breeze
wafted across her stretched out  body.  'What will happen next?',
she wondered.  She did not have to wait long.  The man behind her
now let  go of her hips  and, at the woman's  instructions, moved
around to Kathryn's front.   Kathryn felt her naked breasts press
into his warm chest  as he stepped right  up to her.  He  shifted
slightly and Kathryn felt his bulge press into her thighs beneath
the thin covering of his bathing suit.  'God he's hard!', thought
Kathryn.  Thinking of his excitement made her even more hot.  She
felt her juices soaking her now bare pussy lips.  "Hold  her open
for me.", said the woman and Kathryn felt the man reach his hands
around her to grasp her buttocks in his hands.  'Oh no!', thought
the young girl as he pulled them apart firmly to reveal  her most
intimate opening for the woman's inspection.  Kathryn had  always
felt that her bottom and her anus were hers and  hers alone.  She
had always  resisted her  boyfriends' attempts  to play  with her
there and now,  she realized, she had  no say over what  parts of
her body were to  be touched or stimulated.   'Certainly now they
could do anything to her.', she  thought.  'They could even  fuck
me in the  ass!'.  This was  something that Kathryn was  sure she
would never  engage in.   Kathryn whimpered quietly as  the woman
gently slid a long, slim finger, now covered with  oil, deep into
Kathryn's bottom.  The finger moved slowly in and out allowing it
almost  to come  out  before  plunging  into  her  deeply  again.
Kathryn found herself panting  to the rythmn of the finger in her
behind as it  opened her up.  As suddenly as  it had started, the
finger stopped  and  the woman  now pulled  it all  the way  out.
Kathryn expected the  man to let  go of her buttocks  but despite
her hopes, they  were left  held open.   The thought  of all  the
people standing behind  her looking at her bottom,  now held wide
apart made Kathryn  embarrassed.  To imagine them  all looking at
her tiny  crinkled anus and  the shiny lubricant now  covering it
made  her feel  naughty,  just  like a  naughty  girl.   Suddenly
Kathryn  felt a new sensation at her bottom.  The tip of the anal
plug was  covered in warm oil also, but the plastic sensation was
unlike any Kathryn had  ever experienced.  The woman was slow but
firm and,  just like her  finger, she started with  tiny strokes.
The tip of the plug parted her  anus and Kathryn gasped and tried
to reach up on her toes to avoid it.   The man's large hands kept
Kathryn from closing  herself to the intruder and  the woman slid
the first inch into the tight opening.   This was the first thing
Kathryn had ever had in her  bottom other than a finger and  even
that was very rare.  The plug slid out again and the woman pushed
it into the tight bottom firmly, letting it slide perhaps another
inch into the  girl's body.  Kathryn  had no idea what  was being
forced into  her but it was obviously getting thicker.  The third
push  brought  the  thickest  part  of the  plug  into  Kathryn's
sphincter   and  the  woman  carefully  held  it  there,  leaving
Kathryn's  bottom stretched wide  open on the  unyielding plastic
intruder.  Finally,  the woman pushed slightly  letting Kathryn's
bottom muscle pull the  plug into her until it  was logded firmly
into her.  The end of the plug was as tapered as the tip and this
left the  thickest part of  the plug deep  in her body.   The "T"
shaped handle kept  the plug from disappearing inside  of her and
this left Kathryn's bottom held open on the thin but hard plastic
end of the device.        Kathryn had never  felt such sensations
in her life!   The idea of anal sex had  always been repulsive to
her but now the anal plug was delivering excitement to her entire
body.  The man in front of her finally let go of her buttocks and
let them close on the plastic intruder left sticking from her.
"Do you know that you'll be punished while you're here Kathryn?",
asked the woman.   Kathryn nodded her head, "I  thought as much."
"Very  well.", said  the woman,  "I'll be  giving you  your first
spanking right here on the veranda.  The sound of a  thin leather
paddle rushing  through the  air came to  Kathryn's ears  and was
immediately  followed by a hot burning sensation across Kathryn's
buttocks.  The  paddle landed again this time  on Kathryn's right
buttock.  The woman alternated from left to right and then up and
down the smooth skin  of the young girl until Kathryn was gasping
at  every stroke.   The  spanking  was not  severe but  Kathryn's
buttocks  were certainly hot  and red when it  was done.  Kathryn
couldn't remember the last time she had been spanked.  Certainly,
she had been no older than  ten or twelve and she had  NEVER been
paddled!  This was totally outside of her experience.  As soon as
the spanking  stopped, the hot  burning sensation  in her  bottom
became a  warm glow all over.  To  Kathryn's shock, her pussy was
now hotter and wetter  than ever.  Instead of turning  her off as
she had  expected, the  woman's punishment  had excited  her even
further.  The  woman now left  Kathryn alone  for a  few minutes.
The sensations  that were  travelling through  the young  woman's
body and the thoughts that were  now racing through her head were
unlike anything Kathryn  had ever experienced.   She had expected
to be tied  up and forced to  have sex with her  "Master".  Also,
perhaps, to  be spanked but  nothing at all  like this.   Kathryn
listened to the sounds of the other people on the veranda as they
chatted to  one another.   Her buttocks  were no  longer painful,
just hot.   The thing  that was so  unusual was the  plastic plug
still inserted in her bottom.  Kathryn wondered how long it would
remain there.  She  thought for a moment what she  must look like
to these  spectators.  Here  she was, completely naked  and bound
with  her  hands above  her head,  just  as though  she  was some
sacrificial offering to the gods.  Her pubis had just been shaved
completely bare and her puffed  out pussy lips were wet with  her
own juices.  Her bottom was red and hot from the paddling she had
just endured and sticking between  her buttocks for anyone to see
was the "T" shaped handle of the plug that was buried deep in her
rear.   "Quite a spectacle.",  she thought. After a  few minutes,
Kathryn heard the  approach of footsteps again and  she tensed up
involuntarily as she  awaited whatever they had in  store for her
next.  A firm hand grasped the tip of the anal plug and pulled it
gently from her.  Kathryns' toes curled at the sensation.  As the
plug  slipped from her anus, she felt  strangely empty.  She need
not have worried,  the tip of another plastic  object touched her
still slippery anus and  began to press into her.   This plug was
almost the  same size, but seemed longer  to Kathryn as it forced
its  way deep  into her.   Kathryn  heard herself  wimpering with
excitement as it was inserted.   The plug was twisted slowly  and
pushed and  pulled as it  was adjusted  and Kathryn got  more and
more excited.        Suddenly a hum from the plug and a low level
vibration had Kathryn cry out in surprise.   It was as though the
rectal  intruder was  alive!   The  vibration from  it seemed  to
travel right through Kathryn's body and she pulled frantically at
her bonds as she tried to release  herself.  Kathryn was sure she
was going to explode.  All  the stimulation and excitement of the
day was too much.   To add to her pleasure,  first one mouth then
ANOTHER descended to her long thick nipples and began to suck and
lick them.   Kathryn tossed her head from side to side and begged
them to let  her come.  Gentle fingers released the blindfold and
pulled  it  from her.    Kathryn  didn't  care.   The  relentless
vibrating deep in her sensitive ass and  the long, hot tongues of
what turned  out to  be the  two men  who had  escorted her  were
driving her crazy.       Just  as she was  sure she was  about to
come,  everything stopped.    There was  NOTHING.   The  vibrator
stopped, the men paused their action, leaving Kathryn gasping for
breath.  The  woman came  up to  her face and  stroked her  face.
"Please...", begged  Kathryn.   The woman smiled.   "You  will do
very well here.", she  said.  "In a moment, I will  grant you the
release  you are  looking for.   Would you  like that?"   Kathryn
nodded her  head, "Oh  yes!"  "Very  well", said the  woman, "You
will  be spanked while  you come."   The woman moved  aside and a
beautiful  young  girl  perhaps sixteen  or  seventeen  years old
walked up to the bound woman.  Kathryn looked up and saw that she
too was completely naked.  The girl knelt down at Kathryn's  feet
as the men bent again to her oversensitive nipples.  Kathryn felt
the young girl's fingers  reach between her legs  to turn on  the
vibrating plug  in her rear.   As the hum started  again, Kathryn
threw her  head back.   The hot  tongue of  the young girl  as it
touched  Kathryn's clitoris  was a  total shock.   "But  that's a
girl!", thought Kathryn for  a moment.  By this  time, she really
couldn' t have  cared less.  The  girl was an expert  and Kathryn
was sure  she would go out of  her mind as the tip  of her tongue
discovered all  her secret  pleasure points.   Kathryn's  breaths
were now short gasps as she began  to peak in the most incredible
orgasm of her life.   It seemed to start deep in  her belly, then
travel  out to  her fingertips  and then  rush  back down  to her
pussy.  The  sudden sharp  stings of the  paddle on her  buttocks
only served to  drive Kathryn higher and she began  crying out as
she  came over and  over and  over.   Kathryn felt  herself being
totally consumed  by the  sensation.  When  it was  finally over,
Kathryn was spent, hanging limply  in her bonds, too exhausted to
even be able to lift her head.     When  she  had   calmed  down,
Kathryn looked up to see the  various guests who had enjoyed this
afternoon's entertainment.  One of  the men, a tall, handsome man
with dark hair and  a great tan stood up and  walked over to her.
"He has the  bluest eyes I've ever seen.",  thought Kathryn as he
approached.  "Hello Kathryn.", he  smiled.  I am your  Master for
the next twelve  months.  I think  we're both going to  enjoy it.
Kathryn smiled and  nodded her head.   In front  of this man  she
seemed safe and secure.  The  woman approached  again and  gently
removed Kathryn from her bonds.  "I'm Natalia.", she said.   "You
can call  me Nat.  I'm the person you're replacing.  My year long
contract here is  just about finished."  Nat  helped Kathryn walk
on  her shaky legs  around the side  of the veranda  and into the
villa.  She led  the young woman into a large bedroom in the back
of the main floor.  "This is to be  your room.", she said, "Well,
we'll be sharing it  for a week or so while I'm still here.  It's
my job to  train you."   Kathryn  looked around the  room as  Nat
shrugged off her  light sundress.   The room  was dominated by  a
huge  bed and walk  in closet.  Off  to the side  of the room the
wall to wall carpet  was replace by a tiled floor.   To Kathryn's
surprise, she  realized that this was a  shower area.  Nat walked
over and  turned on the  shower, pulling Kathryn along  with her.
Under the warm spray, Nat and  Kathryn relaxed.  Kathryn let  Nat
scrub her  back and then  returned the  favor.  When  Kathryn was
finally out of  the shower, she began  to realize just how  tired
she was.   Natalia led her over  to the bed and  playfully pushed
her backward.  "Go ahead.", she  said, "I'm sure you could use  a
nap.   Don't worry, I'll wake you  up in time for supper.  You're
in for an interesting evening after supper, so I'd take advantage
now to  sleep."   At Nat's  last comment  Kathryn felt  her heart
pound.  "I wonder what else is in store for me.", she wondered as
she drifted off into a dreamless sleep.


For a Price
Story #47B in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

Chapter 3: Monday Evening
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     Kathryn  awoke to  the  sensation  of  her  blindfold  being
attached.   "Hey.", she said  and reached up  to remove  the silk
blindfold.  Her  hands were held down fimrly.   Kathryn was still
completely naked  since her shower  and her afternoon nap.   Even
more naked than she ever had been before given that her pubis was
now shaved smooth.   The blindfold was quickly  fastened and then
Kathryn's hands  were cuffed  behind her back.   Kathryn  had not
been allowed to remove either the ankle or wrist cuffs since they
had been put on that afternoon.  The strong hands holding her now
pulled her to her feet and marched her out of the  room.  Kathryn
heard  the  noise  of  the  people  in  the  large  room  as  she
approached.    Despite  the fact  that  she  had been  completely
exposed  to  a  group  of  people  that  afternoon, these  people
probably, she was still very embarrassed and she felt a hot blush
hit  her face and move downward  past her neck to  the top of her
chest.  Kathryn was pulled  forward relentlessly until she felt a
cool leather piece of furniture touching her belly.  "The back of
a sofa?", she guessed.   Her hands were detached and then  pulled
forward, bending Kathryn  over the back  of the object.   She was
thus pulled stretched out  over what was, in fact,  a vault, just
like the "horse", that she had jumped  over in gym class in grade
school.   Kathryn's hands  were attached  to the  far end  of the
horse  and she  felt the  cool  leather press  against her  naked
breasts and  belly.  Strong  hands grasped her ankles  and pulled
them  slightly forward  and wide  apart  so that  her knees  were
somewhat bent and spread open.  Kathryn felt the cool evening air
as it touched her now  open pussy lips.  The hands stroked up her
thighs gently, stopping  just short of the lips  that had already
started to swell out.    Kathryn  was left  in this  undignifying
but not uncomfortable position  for several minutes as  the group
continued to  chat.  Every  once in a  while, Kathryn would  feel
someone's hand trail  casually over her body, sometimes  over her
long  smooth back, sometimes down  her buttock and thigh, several
times, tips of fingers tickled  down the crack between her spread
open buttocks and along her now wet pussy lips.   After      some
time, Kathryn sensed  someone standing behind  her.  Natalia  was
standing right between the pretty  girl's legs.  She reached down
and gently  rested one hand on each buttock.   With her thumbs in
the middle, Nat  pressed the  buttocks wide  apart, exposing  the
tight brown anus  for everyone to see.  Kathryn had never been so
exposed and blushed again.  Reaching down to a jar of  creme, Nat
gently inserted the tip of  one finger into Kathryn's tight anus.
She held just  the tip of the  finger there, not  moving, letting
Kathryn wait,  anxiously,  wondering when  and how  she would  be
further penetrated.  Then  she started to pull her finger  out, a
millimeter at  a time.   Nat smiled  as Kathryn's  anus clenched,
trying instinctively  to hold  the intruding  finger within  her.
Just as her long slender finger pulled clear of the pink opening,
Nat  pushed it  back in.   This time,  she pushed firmly  and her
finger  slid deep  into  the  young girl  until  it  could go  no
further.   Kathryn gasped  and pulled at her  bonds as the finger
opened her up.   Nat pulled the  finger from her slowly  and then
slid  it again   deep  into  the girl's  hot rear  opening.   The
lubrication  of  Kathryn's  tight bottom  continued  for  several
minutes until  just the touch  of Nat's finger at  Kathryn's anus
caused her to gasp.      Kathryn  felt two  large  hands, one  on
each cheek, hold her bottom wide apart.   She tensed her arms and
legs, wondering what  would come next.  The  feeling of a plastic
plug  was  no   surprise  and  after  Nat's   slow  and  thorough
lubrication,  the insertion  was not  painful at  all.   In fact,
Kathryn was  so turned on that  the anal plug was  simply another
stimulant.  This plug didn't seem the same to Kathryn as  the one
she had felt earlier in the day.  This one seemed much longer and
more flexible.   The plug seated in  her bottom much the  same as
the last  one.  It had a thicker  bulge which she felt stretching
her anus before it passed  within her leaving the thinner section
holding  her  sphincter open.   The  large hands  let go  and the
pretty young girl was left like that for a minute  or two.  "What
must I look like?", she wondered and  the thought of her body, so
exposed in  this position  with a plug  sticking from  her rectum
turned her on even more.      Kathryn  felt  Nat   moving  around
behind her, adjusting  and preparing for something.  Every moment
that she  waited made  Kathryn hotter and  wetter.   Suddenly the
plug within her  seemed to come  alive!  Kathryn heard  a pumping
sound  that  reminder her  of  when  the  doctor took  her  blood
pressure.   At the same  time, the plug  in her bottom  seemed to
grow larger  and larger  until Kathryn was  filled tightly.   Now
even if she  tried, she couldn't  push out the  anal plug.   From
behind her  Nat checked that  the outside  bulb of  the plug  was
inflated tightly.  She knew that the bulb inside Kathryn's bottom
was  equally inflated.   The plug  was now shaped  like a barbell
with one bar  firmly lodged inside so the plug would not come out
and the  other firmly  seated outside  so the  plug could  not be
pulled in.   Kathryn was  breathing in short shallow  breaths and
each time Nat  touched or moved  the now large  rectal plug,  she
whimpered.  The  sensation was certainly not painful  but she had
never felt so full.  Kathryn heard  Nat walk away and for several
minutes she was simply left there, her bound and widely stretched
body impaled on the strange plug.       Slowly   Kathryn's  heart
and  breathing slowed down as she  calmed somewhat.  The sound of
water gurgling behind her was subtle at first and for a moment or
two Kathryn wondered  what it was.  Suddenly,  the sensation deep
in her belly confirmed her worst fears.  The water behind her was
rushing directly into  her!  The plug in her  bottom was attached
to a long rubber tube the end of which was carefully  fastened to
a large  enema bag.    The cool  water was  quickly rushing  into
Kathryn's bowels  in the first  enema of her  life and there  was
nothing she  could do  about it!   Desperately she tugged  at her
bonds.  Her captors watched as Kathryn's toes curled as she tried
to avoid the  intimate sensation.   The  enema bag  emptied in  a
couple of  minutes and Nat  approached to remove  the tube.   The
Bardex plug that was in  Kathryn's bottom would prevent the water
from escaping prematurely.    Kathryn   was   mortified.      The
sensation of being filled by the plug had been embarrasing enough
but now a whole  audience had watched her receive an  enema.  The
thought of it was completely humiliating and yet despite herself,
Kathryn had never been more turned on.  Her pussy was,  she knew,
dripping wet  and as  she realized that,  she also  realized that
given her position,  everyone could see that  too.  The  touch at
her soaking pussy  was almost a relief and Kathryn  moaned as the
gentle  fingers  slid deep  into  her.   They slid  out  and then
Kathryn felt  the the tip  of a  cock touch  her sensitive  pussy
lips.  "Oh God!",  gasped Kathryn as  the long organ slid  slowly
but firmly  all the way into  her slit.   Kathryn's filled belly,
anus and now pussy was too much for her and as  the strange penis
began to  slide in and out,  her orgasm built higher  and higher.
This one seemed even more intense than the  last as Kathryn cried
out again and  again.  As the  man behind her thrust  deeply into
her, Kathryn  heard him first  grunt then cry  out himself as  he
began shooting his come deep  in her pussy.  The sound of the man
behind her set Kathryn off again  and she came and came and  came
until she  she was  exhausted.  Nat  and one  of the  men finally
untied Kathryn  and helped her  off the vault and  onto her feet.
With  all the  water still  trapped deep  in her  bowels, Kathryn
could barely walk  and needed help to  get from the room  back to
the  washroom  at her  bedroom.   Gently,  Nat  removed Kathryn's
blindfold and then, as Kathryn sat on the toilet, undid the valve
on the strange plug that was still lodged deep in her  and pulled
it from her body.  When the enema had been released Nat came back
in to find Kathryn  asleep, her chin on her  chest, still sitting
on the toilet.  Nat chuckled as she roused the young girl.  "Come
on, shower time first, then you can sleep." Nat helped Kathryn to
her feet and  pulled her into the  shower.  With Nat's  help, the
two of them were soon clean, dried and ready for bed.  Nat turned
down the covers and let Kathryn finally lie down.  Then,  walking
to the other side, she got into  the bed herself.  "Quite a first
day,  huh?", she said to Kathryn.   "Mmmmm", said Kathryn, as she
fell into a well deserved sleep.

Chapter 4: Tuesday
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     Kathryn woke up to the  sounds of the waves crashing against
the shore  as a gentle sea  breeze wafted across her  naked body.
"MMmmmmm", she thought, "What  a way to start the day."   Nat was
already out  of bed and  Kathryn seemed left to  her own devices.
She got up and found some fruit on the table for  breakfast along
with a note from Nat.    "Kathryn, enjoy the  fruit for breakfast
then come  down the walk to  the beach for a swim.   Don't bother
looking  for any  clothes.   You won't  find any  and you're  not
expected to wear any."        Kathryn  chuckled  to  herself  and
then started in  on one of the grapefruits.  A few minutes later,
she was washed, fed and ready to go  down to the beach.  She felt
embarrassed to simply  walk out of her room  completely naked and
she opened the  door tentatively looking around the  corner of it
to make sure no one was watching.  It was one thing to skinny dip
nude and  despite the fact  that she had literally  been stripped
and displayed in public the day  before, she was still shy to  be
walking around  naked.   Luckily  the house  seemed deserted  and
Kathryn quietly slipped  out the door and headed  down the stairs
toward the  water.   As she  got closer,  she began  to hear  the
sounds of several people obviously  having a great time.  Kathryn
descended to  the rocky beach  and found several pretty  women in
the warm blue waters of the Mediterranean splashing  and laughing
at each other.   Nat was one of them.  "Come  on in Kathryn", she
shouted,  "The water's  wonderful!"   Kathryn didn't  have  to be
invited  twice  she  ran  into  the gentle  waves  and  soon  was
splashing and dunking  the others with gusto.   When everyone was
tired  of  splashing,  they  all  headed up  onto  the  beach  to
sunbathe.   Nat introduced the three other girls two of whom were
about  Kathryn's  age.    Sally,  Barbara  and  Andrea  were  all
beautiful and, like Nat and now Kathryn, they were both naked and
completely shaved.   Sally was  the younger girl that  had helped
with Kathryn the day before.  Kathryn found out that she  was not
sixteen as she  had thought but was  in fact almost twenty.   The
women all lay down  on beach chairs to soak up  the sun.  Kathryn
was amazed.  This was not what she had been expecting at  all and
said so.  Barbara chuckled.  "None of us expected it but when you
think for a moment, it makes perfect sense.  After all, you can't
expect  to spend all  day, every day,  twelve months of  the year
engaged in kinky  sex.  We get  lots of opportunity to  relax and
enjoy ourselves."   Andrea explained  that the year  of Kathryn's
contract would  include  plenty  of  time  where  she  was  being
'trained' but would  also include time for relaxation and private
time.   Kathryn discovered that two of  the three girls still had
several months to go on their one year contracts and Barbara had,
in fact, finished her contract four months ago but so enjoyed the
lifestyle that she  had stayed on.  Some of the time, Sally said,
would be very much like the day before had been where Kathryn was
being trained  in being  submissive and would  be subjected  to a
number  of different  stimuli.   At the  word stimuli,  the other
three girls laughed.  Other times, Kathryn would be being trained
in being the one in charge as  Nat had been yesterday.  Kathryn's
eyebrows  raised at  this.    The thought  of  being dominant  as
Natalie had been yesterday with  one of these young girls obeying
her every command had not occured to her but as it did, she began
getting wet  almost instantly.   Kathryn's long nipples  gave her
away to the other girls as they immediately got hard.   "You like
that idea do you?", laughed Natalie.    Kathryn tried to find out
what  else was  in store for  her this  first week but  the girls
wouldn't tell her anything.  "It's better for you if you find out
as it happens.", said Andrea,  "Besides, it's more fun that way."
After a couple of hours of getting brown and wet, the other girls
told Kathryn it was time to head back up the cliff to  the villa.
Gathering  their  sun tan  lotion  and  their  towels,  the  five
beautiful  women made their  way up the  stairs.   As Kathryn was
about to  head into her bedroom, Barbara  touched her arm.  "Your
next session  will be  starting in 30  minutes.", she  said, "Get
cleaned up and  wait in your room."   Kathryn's heart  started to
race and she  turned to ask Barbara  what was next but  the other
woman had already moved on toward her room.  Thirty       minutes
later, Kathryn was sitting nervously on the edge of  her bed when
Barbara entered the room.  Barbara was a medium build blond  that
had the  cutest features Kathryn had ever seen.  She embodied the
expression, "The Girl Next Door" and always reminded Kathryn of a
pixie.  Unlike a pixie  though, the Barbara who entered Kathryn's
room had an expression that brooked no argument.  "Stand up." she
said and before  she even thought  about it, Kathryn  was on  her
feet.    "Turn  around."   Kathryn  turned  and  Barbara  quickly
attached  a  blindfold to  her.   Kathryn's  hands  were attached
behind her back and then Barbara pushed her forward until she was
bent over with her head touching the bed.  "Stay like that.", she
was  told and  Kathryn did  so,  getting steadily  more and  more
excited.  Behind her she heard Barbara moving around the room.  A
moment later  she was back and Kathryn felt the cool sensation of
a lubricated finger pushing  at her rear entrance.  She moaned as
Barbara slid a  finger firmly into her  until it was deep  in her
body.   The finger  slid out and  then back in,  covered with yet
more lubricant.   Barbara seemed in no hurry  and the preparation
of Kathryn's  anus took several  minutes during  which her  naked
pussy lips became slick with  her juices and her breathing became
steadily quicker and shallower.  The  tip of the rectal plug that
touched Kathryn's anus was no  surprise and Barbara gently teased
it in  and out before  finally sliding the  large ridge  past her
sphincter and seating  the plastic object  firmly in her  rectum.
Kathryn gasped  as Barbara twisted  the plug slowly while  it was
deep in her.   "Alright, stand up." she  said and Kathryn  slowly
got to her feet.  Barbara led  the blindfolded girl slowly out of
her bedroom  and out to  the veranda.   As she  moved out of  the
house,  Kathryn  felt a  second  hand  on  her right  hand  side.
"Mmmmm,  very  nice.", said  Andrea.   The  two  women maneuvered
Kathryn into  position.  Katheryn  felt her already  hard nipples
grasped  by  the  fingers  of  one  of  the  women.    "Wonderful
nipples.", said  Barbara.   The long brown  nips were  pulled out
further and  further, first softly  stroked then pulled  hard and
then stroked again until they  were fully extended and rock hard.
Next a hot tongue licked at her left nipple, then a moment later,
it  was joined  by another  mouth  at her  right breast.  Kathryn
couldn't help but gasp as the treatment of her nipples continued.
One  of the women  then held her left  breast up, thus presenting
the nipple out  and Katheryn felt the pinch of some kind of metal
clip as it was fastened onto the nipple.  She moaned as the  clip
squeezed the sensitive  nubbin.  The right nipple was next and as
soon  as it  was similarly  trapped, Kathryn  felt a  small chain
hanging  from the  clips  of  each nipple.    Kathryn was  pushed
forward until  her pubis was  resting against what felt  like the
back of a  leather couch.  Her hands  were unfastened and brought
in front  of her.  She  was told to  stand still as  other straps
were attached to her  ankles.  Kathryn waited as as  she did, the
anticipation of  the  unknown  got  her steadily  more  and  more
excited.   Now ropes  attached to her wrist  straps began to pull
her forward  across the  leather covered  piece of furniture  and
Katheryn felt herself being bent over by pressure.  She gave into
it and let herself be  pulled out forward.  Just as  she was sure
she was  about to lose  her balance,  ropes attached to  her legs
began to pull backward and lift up until she was suspended by the
ropes  with only  her  belly what  was now  obviously a   leather
bolster.  The  ropes now began to spread  apart until Kathryn was
completely  spread eagle, face down with  her weight supported at
her  belly by  the comfortable  furniture and  her arms  and legs
attached to beams in four corners so  that her arms and legs were
suspended in the air about three  feet from the ground.  In  this
position, Kathryn's  rear  was spread  open and  exposed and  her
breasts with the strange clips still attached suspended from  her
body and hanging  straight down.  The thin chains from the nipple
clips were  now attached  below the  girl to  small rings  in the
floor  so   that  Kathryn's   breasts  were   pulled  even   more
pronouncedly  toward the  ground.   Her  nipples  were now  under
constant stimulation.    Kathryn was  left like this  for several
minutes wondering what  would come next when she  heard the voice
of her Master next to her say "Warm her bottom up first."   A
moment  later,  there  was  a  searing  smack on  Kathryn's  left
buttock.  Before  she even had a chance  to cry out, there  was a
second smack  on her right  buttock.  The leather  covered paddle
continued to fall, alternating left  and right until Kathryn felt
like  her bottom was on fire.  As suddenly as it had started, the
spanking stopped, leaving the young girl gasping for breath.  The
pain in her  bottom settled into a  deep heat which seemed  to go
from her buttocks directly to  her pussy.  To Kathryn's surprise,
her pussy was dripping.  Kathryn felt the large cool hands of her
master  feeling the  heat in her  buttocks.  He  reached down and
cupped  her pussy from behind feeling the  wet and the heat there
also.   He chuckled at  the discovery  "Yes, I think  she's ready
now."  Kathryn blushed, embarrassed  that the spanking had turned
her on.

     Now  Kathryn felt  the gentle  hands  of Barbara  and Andrea
moving her.  First the chains were removed from the nipple clips,
releasing her breasts,  then her bonds were changed  and she felt
her hands being pulled tight up over her head to the ceiling.  To
her relief, the plastic plug in her rear was removed.    She felt
someone touching  her nipple clips  and when they were  done, she
could feel a  string or cord hanging  from them.  Once  they were
finished with  her breasts,  the hands  moved downward  attaching
similar metalic  clips to the  sensitive inner lips of  her pussy
which were  now soaking wet with her own  juices.  The clips were
also attached to cords of some kind as they pulled her pink inner
lips gently out and apart.   A cool object was now inserted  into
her pussy.   Kathryn felt the object was  much like her anal plug
as it seemed to  get first wider then  narrower and had a "T"  of
some kind to prevent its disapearance into her body.  Finally the
cool sensation of a lubricating  finger touched her tight anus to
prepare the tight orifice again.   Kathryn raised up on  her toes
as the finger went  particularly deep.  She  could never seem  to
get  used to the penetration  of her rear.   The cool  touch of a
metalic object at  her anus was next.   The gentle finger  of the
woman pressed insistently  at the metallic "egg"  until Kathryn's
sphincter relaxed  to  accept the  intruder.   Kathryn  felt  yet
another cord being attached to the  rectal object.  Now the  same
hands which had touched her so  intimately reached up to undo her
blindfold.   Kathryn opened  her eyes to  see her  Master sitting
comfortably in front of her.  He  was sitting at a small table on
which  was positioned a  control box of  some kind.   It reminded
Kathryn of  of a Mixer for  music.  He  looked up at  Kathryn and
smiled.    "Well Kathryn,  I suppose  you're wondering  what's in
store for  you today.  You're  currently attached to a  number of
items each of which is  attached to or inserted into an  intimate
part of  your anatomy.  Andrea is  shortly going to continue your
spanking.   I'll  be training you  in enjoying  it.  Each  of the
metallic objects in or on your  body is attached to this  control
box you  see here.  By turning any of  these knobs, I can send an
electrical current to that object.  The current can vary anywhere
from  a pleasurable  tingle  to  a painful  jolt."   Kathryn  was
breathing heavily now her eyes were open wide.  She was more than
a little scared.  Her Master reached over to the panel.  "This is
what a strong  jolt feels like.", he  said and turned one  of the
knobs.  Suddenly  the metallic plug in Kathryn's pussy  let out a
large shock.  To Kathryn it felt like a riding crop had just been
whipped right into her  pussy.  She let out a short  scream.  The
jolt was over before she knew it but it was painful.  Kathryn was
now very scared  as she lay trembling  in her bonds.   Her Master
smiled  at  her  "Yes,  as  a punishment  tool  it  can  be  very
effective.  Fortunately,  that's not the purpose today.   This is
what a tingle  feels like."  He reached over to the control panel
again  and Kathryn refexively clenched her entire body.  Suddenly
a  little  tickle started  in her  left  nipple.   It was  like a
hundred goldfish had started nibbling there all at once.  Now her
right nipple felt the same.  Kathryn felt an irresistable urge to
touch her  breasts, she pulled  despereately at her bonds  as the
tickle continued and now moved  from her sensitive nipples to her
more sensitive pussy lips.  The sensation was, at once, delicious
and unbearable.   The tickle moved  now to the  eggs in both  her
pussy and rectum at  once.   It was as  though these objects were
alive!  Kathryn  squirmed and squealed as  it went on.   Suddenly
the  sensations stopped leaving  Kathryn hanging weakly  from her
bonds and  virtually  on the  verge  of an  orgasm.   Her  Master
chuckled at her  "Good, now we're ready to begin."  Kathryn heard
the  strap an  instant  before  she felt  it  strike her  already
sensitive bottom.   Ksat as the heat of the strap seared a stripe
across  her round buttocks, Kathryn felt that irresistable tingle
deep  in  her rectum.    The conflicting  sensations  had Kathryn
unsure whether to  cry out from pleasure or pain.  The next smack
was accompanied by  electric tingles to her  large, oversensitive
nipples.   For the  next half-hour,  Kathryn's Master and  Andrea
played her like  a finely-tuned instrument.   Finally Kathryn saw
her Master nod to Andrea.  At the same moment she felt all of the
electrodes tingle at  once.  Desperately,  Kathryn pulled at  the
straps fastening  her as Andrea  gave her four sharp  spanks with
the  leather strap.   The  orgasm seemed  to take  over Kathryn's
body.  She  screamed at the sensation and  then abandoned herself
to it, letting  wave after wave of pleasure crash over her.  When
finally it  was over,  she was left  limp and  exhausted, hanging
from the leather straps  to the ceiling.  She  barely felt Andrea
and Barbara gently  removing the metallic clips  and probes which
had given her  so much pleasure.  Both  women had to help  her to
stand.  Kathryn felt  like her legs were made of jelly.  When she
was finally back  in her bed with Natalie and Andrea giving her a
sponge  bath,  she drifted  off  to  sleep.   Her  last  coherent
thoughts before she closed her  eyes was that sex would  never be
the same again.

Chapter 5: Wednesday
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     Kathryn woke to another day of perfectly blue skies with the
sun streaming through her window.   The soft sounds of the  waves
crashing on the  shore nearby and the  smell of the sea  salt was
delicious.  "Mmmmm", she murmured as she stretched languorouslyon
her bed.   "C'mon sleepy head.", said her  roomate Natalie, "Time
to get up.   We're all going hiking across the island."  "Hiking?
You're kidding",  said Kathryn.   "Uh Uh",  said Nat  shaking her
head  "We do it all the time, just the girls.  There's a knapsack
in  your closet.   I'll give  you a  hand packing the  others are
already at breakfast."  Packing for this warm weather was quickly
done and after  a brief shower, the  two girls headed out  to the
veranda to  join the  others for  breakfast.   Kathryn discovered
that Barbara was the camping  enthusiast who had turned the other
girls onto  the great  outdoors.  Today's  trip was  an overnight
hike to the  opposite end of the  island.  Kathryn found  herself
looking forward to  the day's activities.   This certainly wasn't
what she had expected when she had  signed on for a year's sexual
servitude to the "Master" they all shared.  It wasn't long before
the  four girls had shouldered their packs  and headed out on the
trail.  The  scenery on the island was spectacular  and the girls
stopped ofted to snap photos.  Despite their frequent breaks they
made good time and it was well before dusk when they broke out of
the woods to the edge of a cliff overlooking the ocean on the far
side of the island.  Barb  took out her binoculars and looked  up
and down  the shore  from this  vantage point.   "Come  on,", she
said, "I think I've found the perfect  place."  Walking along the
cliffs, the trail carried them lower and lower until finally they
walked  between two  huge  rocks  to find  themselves  on a  tiny
isolated beach surrounded on two  sides by cliffs and behind them
by a grassy knoll and then by the woods.

     "At  last!", said  Nat as  she  dropped her  pack and  began
sgedding  her  clothes.   Within  moments  the  other  girls were
following  her example  and  in a  flash  the four  of  them were
splashing and swimming  in the warm ocean waters.  Kathryn felt a
tingle between  her legs as she  watched the naked bodies  of the
other girls in  the water.   Each of them  was now tanned a  deep
brown.   There were  no tan  lines to  be found on  any of  them.
Kathryn's  own nipples  hardened as  she  noticed Natalie's  long
brown  nips  sticking  out.    'Boy,  have I  changed.',  thought
Kathryn, 'Only a few weeks ago I would have been disgusted at the
thought of  sex between  women.  Now  those girls'  bodies really
turn me  on.'  Finally, tired by their  cavorting in the sea, the
girls headed  back to the beach.   "I'll get supper ready.", said
Andrea, "Give me  a hand Kathryn?"  "Sure" said Kathryn.  The two
girls dug into the packs for the cheese, cold cuts and fruit they
had brought from the villa.   Natalie started setting up the tent
that they'd all sleep  in that night.  "I'm going to  do a little
exploring  before it  gets  dark.",  said Barb.    She grabbed  a
flashlight, just in  case, and disappeared  along the trail  into
the woods.   The tent  was up and  ready and supper  mostly eaten
before the  girls began to wonder about Barb.   She had been gone
almost an hour and it was almost  completely dark.  "Should we go
looking for her?"  asked Andrea, "I mean,  I don't want to  be an
alarmist but  it's almost  dark."  "Let's  give it  another half-
hour.", said  Kathryn,  "She  certainly seems  to  know  her  way
around."  Within a couple of minutes the fears of the three girls
dissipated as  Barb appeared from  the trail.  The  girls crowded
around  the  younger Barb  demanding  to know  where  she'd been.
Barbara was very  excited.  "You'll never belieive  what I found!
It's perfect.  Come  on, get your  flashlights.  The three  girls
scrambled for their  knapsacks to get  their own flashlights  and
Barb put a  few items in  her day pack  which she threw over  her
shoulder.  It  was about a 20 minute walk down the dark trail and
Kathryn found  herself a little  scared but very excited  as they
continued.  Finally  Barbara stopped.  "O.K.",  she said, "Around
this bend I found the ruins of an ancient Greek temple.  You  can
imagine  what kinds  of ceremonies  and rituals  when on  here in
those days.   We're going to re-enact one of them."  Kathryn felt
her heart pounding.  This was soooo  exciting.  She looked around
and  saw  that this  adventure  was  having  the same  effect  on
everyone.   "First", giggled  Barbara, "we'll need  a sacrificial
virgin.  Who'd  like to volunteer."   The 3 girls looked  at each
other nervously.  "O.K.", said  Kathryn, "I'll do it."  "Great.",
said Barb,  "Get her undressed.   Kathryn let Natalie  and Andrea
pull  her T-Shirt  over her  head  to expose  her tight  breasts.
Unbidden,  her nipples crinkled and  got hard, sticking out their
full 3/4 inch length.  Her shorts were next.  Kathryn felt Andrea
slide  the tips  of her  fingers  along her  shaved  slit as  her
panties  were pulled  down  and off.   With  the  removal of  her
sneakers,  Kathryn was  left  completely nude.    She felt  oddly
embarassed  being the  only naked  girl in  front of  the others.
Barbara reached into  her pocket and pulled out  a sheet that she
had probably planned to sleep in.  Using her camp knife to make a
slit,  she  held the  makeshift  poncho  up  and pulled  it  over
Kathryn's head.   Kathryn's hands  were pulled up behind  her and
attached with a short strap.  "Alright", said Barb, "It's time to
escort the  sacrificial virgin to the altar.   Sally and Nat each
took  one of  Kathryn's arms  as they  continued down  the trail.
Every time Kathryn  moved or their was a slight breeze, the sheet
loosely covering  the young  girl would shift  and expose  a wide
expanse of flesh.   In many ways,  thought Kathryn, it was  worse
than being completely naked.

     Kathryn felt herself  getting more and  more excited.   This
idea of being  a sacrificial  virgin had been  a fantasy for  her
since  she  was  a  little  girl.   What  unspeakable  acts,  she
wondered, would be performed on her when she  was led helpless to
the altar.  Just  the thought of it had Kathryn soaking wet.  The
four girls  rounded the bend  and suddenly stopped.   Before them
was a scene  that looked magical.   The moonlight showed  a clear
view of pillars and old stone in what looked like the ruins of an
ancient temple.   "Come on.", said Barbara with  an excited gleam
in her  eye.  Kathryn's  escorts led her slowly  into the surreal
site.

     As  the girls  moved slowly between  the fallen  pillars and
into the center of the courtyard, Kathryn could see a large stone
block in the center of the square.  It looked just like the altar
of  Kathryn's fantasies.   Barb  climbed onto  the huge  rock and
motioned for  the other  three to  follow  her.   Andrea and  Nat
helped Kathryn onto  the stone altar.   A light breeze  caught at
the edges of Kathryn's covering blowing it aside and exposing one
of  her breasts  as well as  her wet  pussy lips, shining  in the
moonlight.   Kathryn was  feeling very vulnerable  at the moment.
It  didn't help  when, a  moment  later, Barb  turned to  her and
slowly, an  inch at  a time, raised  Kathryn's covering  over her
head leaving  her completely naked.   Barb dropped the  sheet and
placed her  hands on  Kathryn's shoulders.   As Barb's  big brown
eyes  looked steadily into hers, Kathryn  felt Barb's hands slide
slowly down  her chest  to  rest lightly  on her  breasts.   Barb
smiled  slightly as  she  grasped  Kathryn's  over-large  nipples
between thumb and forefinger and  squeezed them tightly.  Kathryn
gasped  and  then, as  Barb  lifted  her  breasts upward  by  the
nipples, Kathryn raised up on  her tip-toes trying to relieve the
sensitive  flesh.   Barb  finally let  go  of Kathryn's  nipples.
Kathryn was  relieved and  at the same  time very  aroused.   Her
nipples were  now sticking  straight out from  her body.   Barb's
hands  slid lower  and lower  across Kathryn's  belly.   A moment
later,  Barb discovered Kathyrn's arousal in the dewy moisture on
her puffed out  pussy lips.  Barb's  smile got wider as  she felt
Kathryn's wet  pussy.  Kathryn  couldn't help gasping  again when
Barb slid  a finger deep  into Kathryn.  "Prepare  the sacrifice"
intoned Barbara.   Andrea and Natalie  had been getting  steadily
more excited as they watched Kathryn being aroused by Barb.  They
needed no further prompting to begin playing themselves.  Kathryn
felt her  hands being untied  from behind  her.   Andrea and  Nat
gently pushed Kathryn  down onto her back on the altar.  The cold
stone  against Kathryn's  back made  her even  more aware  of her
nakedness.   Kathyrn lay  passively as the  other women  tied her
hands to the  head of the altar.   Straps around her  thighs were
attached to the  sides of the large stone  pulling Kathryn's legs
up and  apart.    Tied helplessly  like  this,  Kathryn  imagined
herself exposed before hundreds of spectators who had come to the
moonlit  ceremony to watch  her deflowering  on the  stone altar.
She  moaned at  the  thought.   Kathyrn opened  her  eyes to  see
Natalie  and Andrea  descending on  her breasts.   The  two girls
began suckling on Kathryn's long nipples simultaneously.  Barbara
was  kneeling  between Kathryn's  spread  legs.   Her  hot tongue
touched the tip  of the bound girl's clitoris  and Kathryn arched
her back  at the  sensation.   As Barb's  expert tongue and  lips
sucked Kathryn's clit into her mouth, Kathryn felt the cool touch
of  lubricant on a  small object  at her  rear entrance.   Barb's
tongue moving deep  in her pussy coincided with  the insertion of
the  cool plastic  plug deep  into  her bottom.   Kathryn's  toes
curled  as her  helpless body  was  violated by  the  plug.   The
actions of  her three friends  now had Kathryn moaning  out loud.
Kathyrn felt Barb's tongue stop its licking.   She looked down to
see that Barbara had now put on a strap-on dildo.  The long thick
phallus stuck out obscenely from her body.  The two girls  at her
breasts reached down to hold her pussy lips wide apart displaying
the  sensitive pink  flesh of  her inner  lips to  the moonlight.
Kathryn  closed her  eyes and  imagined the  feelings of  a young
virgin tied just  as she was at the  altar.  She shivered  as she
imagined the  crowd of spectators examining her bound and exposed
body.   As the  tip of Barbara's  artificial phallus  touched her
pussy, Kathryn imagined  it as the tip  of the large cock  of the
high  priest performing  the  ceremony.    Kathryn  clenched  her
muscles in delight as Barbara leaned forward, forcing the lips of
her pussy wide apart to accommodate the dildo.   Barbara was also
experiencing  pleasure since  the  device  strapped  to  her  was
double-ended.   Fully half of it was already inserted deep in her
own body.   Barb continued  to press forward  until she felt  the
lips of  her own shaved  pussy rubbing against  Kathryn's soaking
lips.  Now they were each impaled on the same device.  Andrea and
Natalie hadn't stopped playing with her nipples and this added to
the excitement.  Kathryn  felt Natalie get up and  she opened her
eyes to  see her moved  behind Barbara who was  rhythmically back
and forth, fucking Kathryn with the thick dildo.  Kathryn watched
Nat take a leather strap from Barb's bag and swing it down with a
sharp motion on Barb's buttocks.  Barb gasped at  the sharp smack
and reflexively  clenched her  buttocks.   The  motion drove  the
dildo sharply  into Kathryn who moaned  in turn.   The strap fell
again,  harder  this  time,  driving  Barb  again  into  Kathryn.
Natalie started a slow rythmn on Barb's bottom, knowing that each
time she swung the leather strap, both women would be forded onto
the thick plastic dildo.  It was Barb who began to  orgasm first.
Her breathing became shorter and shorter and as it did, Natalie's
strokes became faster  and faster.  Kathryn looked up to see Barb
cry out  as she arched her  back and pressed her  pelvis forward,
trying to get as much of the dildo into her as possible.  Kathryn
felt Barb's soaking pussy lips mash against her own  as the woman
began coming.   It was too much.   Kathryn felt her  orgasm start
deep in her belly, move out to her extremities and then roll back
in  wave after wave.  As if in  a distance, she heard herself cry
out again and again.  She felt herself pulling desperately at the
straps holding her knees wide apart and at  the ropes holding her
wrists above her.   Helpless, she had no choice but to endure the
pleasure that her three friends were giving her.

     It was  less than  an hour  later four  very tired  but very
satisfied  women arrived  back  at  camp.   Just  as Kathryn  was
drifting off  to sleep,  she heard Natalie  giggle and  say "Next
time, I'm going to volunteer."
Interview for the "Clinic"
Story #48 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

Cynthia was in  the shower when  the phone rang.   "Hello?",  she
asked.

"Hi.  It's me, Chris.  Are you ready for an adventure?"

Cynthia's breathing quickened  right away.  Underneath  the towel
she had thrown  around herself, she felt her  long, thick nipples
stiffen.

"Mmmmm, sure."

"Good.  A taxi  will be in front of your apartment  in exactly 30
minutes.  The driver will take you where you're supposed to go."

"But what should I wear?  What's going to happen?", asked Cynthia
but the line  was already dead.   Hurriedly  Cynthia got  herself
ready.  Five more minutes in the bathroom and another five with a
blow dryer and she was ready to get dressed.  'What am I supposed
to wear?', she  wondered.  Each "adventure" of  her boyfriend had
resulted  in  something new.    Most  often,  she had  been  told
precisely how to prepare.   "Master" Chris usually insisted on no
panties  or bra and  light or revealing clothing.   Each time the
instructions had been exact except this time.  Did that mean that
she was to wear the  same thing or did  it mean that she  wasn't?
Cynthia looked over  her wardrobe  and settled  on a  compromise.
Since the weather was warm,  she picked her light yellow sundress
which was backless. She  knew that Chris loved it.   The sundress
precluded  a bra  so that  question  was settled  but after  some
deliberation,  she decided  on panties.    Rummaging through  her
drawer  she found  the ones  she wanted.    White lace  with high
french  cut legs.  Cynthia's pubic hair  was light and blond just
as she was and, since she had been shaved only a couple of months
ago, she  was sparsely covered.   Cynthia looked herself  over in
the full length mirror.   "Not bad.", she said.   Just looking at
her made  her even more  excited.  She  had been so  busy getting
ready that she hadn't even looked at the time.  Now  she realized
that if she didn't hurry downstairs, she would be late!  Grabbing
her purse and slipping into her white high heels, she ran for the
elevator.  As  the doors opened on  the first floor, she  saw the
yellow cab pull up in front of the building.  Before she had even
really thought  about what  was going to  happen tonight  she was
safely sitting in the back of the cab.

"Good evening Miss.", said the cab driver.

"Hello."

Cynthia paused for a long moment then asked the question that she
had been trying to think about for the last 30 minutes.  "Can you
tell me where  we're going?"  The  cab driver seemed not  to hear
her.  Instead  he reached down and  held a white   large envelope
over his shoulder to her.

"Please read this Miss."

Cynthia  opened the  envelope slowly.    The anticipation  of the
"adventure" was becoming more and more exciting.  She took a deep
breath and looked inside the  package.  Pulling out the contents,
Cynthia  discovered a letter,  a page  with questions  and answer
blanks on it  and a felt tipped  pen.  The driver  reached up and
turned on the dome light so that she could read.  Cynthia started
with the letter.

     Dear Cynthia,

          I know that you'll be wondering by now what is about to
     happen.   Don't  worry, you're  in good  hands.   The driver
     knows exactly where  you are going and will  bring you there
     safely.   Your  drive will be  approximately 20  minutes and
     will bring you to an office building in the suburbs.  During
     the  ride you are to complete the accompanying questionnaire
     and to obey all instructions of the driver.  When you arrive
     at the office  building, go inside and take  the elevator to
     the forth floor.   You are expected  in room 441.   When you
     enter, you will be told what to do.  If  you obey all of you
     instructions,  you   will  have  an  evening   of  unequaled
     pleasure.

     Have fun!

     Master Chris

Cynthia's heart was  pounding by the time she  finished the short
note.   What was  awaiting her  in room 441?   Would she  have to
expose herself and her submission in front  of other people?  She
had been asked to  do so in the past and  the experience had been
at once humiliating  and intensely exciting.   Cynthia put  aside
the letter and  looked at the questionnaire.   The questions were
multiple choice and the  answers simply had to be ticked off with
the  pen at  the  right.   Altogether  there  were  only a  dozen
questions.


     1.   Are you wearing a dress?                Yes/No
     2.   Are you wearing pants?                  Yes/No
     3.   Are you wearing a blouse?               Yes/No
     4.   Are you wearing a skirt?                Yes/No
     5.   Are you wearing a bra?                  Yes/No
     6.   Are you wearing panties?                Yes/No
     7.   Are you wearing pantyhose?              Yes/No
     8.   Are you wearing stockings?              Yes/No
     9.   What kind of shoes are you wearing?     Running shoes

                                                  High Heels

                                                  Flats

                                                  Sandals
                                                  Other
     10.  Is your pubic hair completely shaved?   Yes/No
     11.  When were you last spanked or paddled?
                                        Less than a week ago

                                        Less than a month ago
                                        Less than six months ago

                                        Less then a year ago
     12.  Are  you wearing a butt plug or vibrator or do you have
          any foreign objects in your vagina or anus?

                                                  Yes/No
     13.  When did you last masturbate? Less than a day ago

                                        Less than a week ago

                                        Less than a month ago

                                        Less then six months ago
     14.  Are you submissive?                     Yes/No
     15.  Will you follow all of the instructions given to you?

                                                  Yes/No

Cynthia  blushed as she  read some of  the questions.   They were
questions that she had never answered for anyone but her "Master"
before.  Realizing that time was moving by very quickly, however,
she   quickly  circled   her  answers   and   then  stuffed   the
questionnaire back into the envelope.   She finished just in time
because a  moment later,  the taxi stopped  outside a  low office
building that looked closed for the night.

"Here's your stop Miss."

"Are you sure it's open?  It sure looks dark."

The driver  chuckled.  "The  front door will  be open.   Have you
completed your questionnaire?"

Cynthia nodded.

"OK then, off you go.  All you have to do is follow instructions.
Cynthia got  out  of the  cab and  a moment  later  it was  gone,
leaving her  alone in front of the dark  building.  A cool breeze
gently  blew across  her legs  and  for the  first time,  Cynthia
realized that the excitement was a  real turn on.  Clutching  her
envelope to her  chest she tentatively walked to  the front door.
Half expecting it to be closed, she  pushed at the glass door and
to her surprise found herself inside the office lobby.   The main
lights were off  but the night lighting was  more than sufficient
for  her  to find  her  way to  the  elevators one  of  which was
waiting.   The ride to the forth floor seemed to take a long time
but the walk from the elevator to room 441 was even longer.  Now,
nervously, Cynthia found herself standing in front of the  office
door,  holding her questionnaire  and wondering what  awaited her
within.   Her  palms were  sweaty and her  breath shallow  as she
tentatively turned the door knob and  entered.Inside the door was
a  regular office  lobby and  facing  her was  a reception  desk.
Unlike the  rest of the  building, the office was  completely lit
and behind the desk was a pretty secretary about 20 years old.
"Good evening." said  the girl.  "Do you  have your questionnaire
with you?"

Cynthia blushed as she nodded.  Here was a girl easily five years
younger and  Cynthia was  disconcerted to  realize that  the girl
knew that she was submissive.  The receptionist held out her hand
for the  envelope and  reluctantly, Cynthia turned  it over.   To
Cynthia's  further  embarrassment,  the  young  girl  opened  the
envelope and read over Cynthia's answers before looking up.  When
she did so there was a small smile on her face.

"You can  wait  over there."    she said,  "You'll  be called  in
shortly.

Cynthia sat down on one of the  waiting room chairs and waited as
the girl got  up and went into  the office area.   It was  almost
five minutes before she returned but it seemed like five hours to
Cynthia.  Finally the girl came back.

"Follow me."

Without even thinking, Cynthia was  on her feet and following the
pretty  brunette.   The girl's  short skirt  showed off  her legs
nicely and Cynthia wondered if she too  was submissive.  The girl
stopped outside the door labeled  'conference room' and turned to
Cynthia.

"When  you go  inside, stay  standing until  you're told  to move
elsewhere.  Are you excited?"

Cynthia nodded her head.

"Good.  Me too.  Have  fun!", whispered the girl then she  leaned
forward and opened the door.

Cynthia felt  her hand at  the small of  her back  propelling her
into the  room  before  closing  the  door  quickly  behind  her.
Cynthia looked around  the room.   It was only  half lit and  had
been arranged in a sort of  tribunal style.  Behind a wide  table
were  several people that  Cynthia couldn't  make out  very well.
Just in front of the table was a circle of light.

"Good evening  Cynthia.   Move forward  into the  light please.",
said a deep male voice that Cynthia did not know.

Slowly, in a shuffling step, Cynthia did as she was told.  Now in
the light, it was virtually  impossible to recognize anyone.  The
best she  could do was  to see five  shapes sitting on  the other
side of the table.  Was her Master here?  She didn't even know.

"We'll  be getting  started right  away Cynthia.   You  have been
brought  here  by your  Master  to  be  evaluated.   Should  your
evaluation go well, you will be entering a Clinic or Spa of sorts
where the next phase  of your training as a  submissive will take
place.  Would that excite you?"

"Yes.", whispered the young blond.

She could almost here the man smile at her answer.

"Remove your shoes Cynthia."

Quickly, Cynthia  leaned down to  pull them from her  leaving her
barefoot on the carpet.

"Very well  then now please  remove your dress.   Cynthia gasped.

She looked around  her, hoping that  there might be  a place  she
could  undress in  privacy  and thus  retain  at least  a  bit of
modesty but  there was none.   Cynthia's fingers trembled  as she
reached  for the  straps  of the  dress.   Slowly,  as though  to
postpone her  exposure for  as long as  possible, she  pulled the
straps down  her arms and  then, with  only her  arm holding  the
dress up on  her breasts, she finally  let go.  The  light cotton
dress fluttered  to her ankles  ending up in  a pool there.   The
young  blond was now left wearing only  the thin lace panties she
had put on earlier.   Cynthia's hands automatically went to cover
her breasts.

"Hands  behind your  head please."  said  a new  voice, this  one
female.

Cynthia slowly clasped her  hands behind her head,  thrusting her
breasts forward  for inspection.   Despite  herself, her  nipples
stiffened until the dark brown  nubs were sticking out almost 3/4
of an  inch.  Cynthia's nipples had been an embarrassment for her
since she  was in high  school.  They  were not only  the longest
nipples  of any  woman  she had  ever met,  they  were thick  and
mostly,  they were  very dark.    Whenever Cynthia  wore a  light
colored  blouse, the  dark circles  of her nipples  always showed
through  even if  she wore  a  bra (which  was rare).    When her
nipples got hard,  as they were now, they were the most prominent
part of her body.

"Have you ever had clips attached to your nipples Cynthia?" asked
a new male voice.

"Yes." answered the girl in a voice just above a whisper.

"Are your nipples sensitive?  Have you ever had an orgasm just by
touching them?"  asked another of her inquisitors.

The  questioning  went on  for  several  minutes.   Finally,  the
questioners seemed satisfied.

"Very well Cynthia." said the first voice.

"Please remove your panties now."

Cynthia had almost forgotten that she was still covered.  The new
instruction  had her  blush  for about  the  hundredth time  that
evening.  Cynthia hooked her thumbs in the thin lace  panties and
started to pull them down.  She  hesitated a long moment with the
panties just at the top of her sparsely covered pussy feeling the
eyes of her inquisitors looking on intensely.  Finally, as though
making a decision  with herself, she pulled the  panties down and
off of her body.

"Hands back behind your head." said the woman.

Cynthia dutifully followed her  instructions.  Over the  next ten
minutes, Cynthia was asked detailed questions about her  sex life
and  about every intimate thing she had  ever done sexually.  The
questions did not  leave out the B&D  aspect of her life  and she
was obliged not only to describe what she liked and what had been
done to  her but she was made to turn and show the faint marks on
her  bottom of  her last  paddling as well  as holding  her inner
pussy lips open to show all of herself.  Finally, she was left to
stand in  her exposing position.   Behind her, Cynthia  heard the
door to the office open and someone  walk in.  Cynthia turned her
head and  saw the young  receptionist wheeling  in a  contraption
that Cynthia had never seen before.  The leather and metal device
looked like something from Nautilus  but Cynthia had an idea that
it was designed for  something quite different.  The girl led the
now  naked blond over  to the device  and had her  stand with her
belly pressed  up against  a leather pad.   Cynthia's  hands were
attached  to the  device with  velcro  straps that  had her  arms
stretched forward on either side of the pad.  Behind her the girl
touched a button  and suddenly the entire device came alive!  The
pad against which Cynthia was pushed was tilting forward from the
vertical  to a  45 degree  angle.   Cynthia's  straps pulled  her
forward, firmly attached  to the straps.  The  device stopped and
now Cynthia felt  her knees being pulled apart  to be attached to
other parts  of the  machine.   A moment later,  the leather  pad
tilted forward again  to about  20 degrees.   Now the entire  pad
with Cynthia suspended upon it began  to rise slowly until it was
about  three feet  above the  floor.   The  girl touched  another
button  and Cynthia  felt her  knees being  bent and  then slowly
pulled  wider and  wider  apart until  she was  completely spread
open.   Now the lower part of the  pad that Cynthia was suspended
on  folded  away leaving  only  a  two  foot  section  supporting
Cynthia's stomach  and chest.   The  upper  part of the  pad that
Cynthia's breasts were pressed into was also folded back allowing
her firm breasts to hang free.  Cynthia's forehead was resting on
a  well placed  leather  pad.   The  device  finally stopped  its
movement and  Cynthia realized that  not only was  she helplessly
bound to  the diabolical device  but that  she had never  been so
opened and exposed.  Her pussy and anus  were completely open and
available and  her  breasts were  now  hanging freely  below  her
tipped by the still  erect nipples.  The girl  left Cynthia there
for a couple of minutes letting  her savor her position.   Behind
her, Cynthia felt the members  of the "Tribunal" moving closer to
exam their victim.  After several embarrassing minutes had passed
Cynthia  heard the voice  of the woman  examiner."Lubricate her."
The touch of the  young girl's finger came a moment  later as she
slid a coolly lubricated  finger deep into Cynthia's tight  anus.
Cynthia  pulled at  her bonds  but  there was  no possibility  of
escaping  her predicament.  The lubrication continued for several
minutes until Cynthia was panting with excitement.   The delicate
fingers of  the girl were removed to be  replaced by the touch of
what Cynthia knew  must be a rectal  plug.  Sure enough  the plug
was  firmly pressed  into  Cynthia's rectum  until  only the  "T"
handle was showing.    Now  Cynthia felt more hands  touching her
breasts.   The long  thick nipples that  had advertised  her lust
were  pulled and  pinched by  the  strange hands  as Cynthia  got
wetter and wetter.   "Look at that", exclaimed  the woman, "She's
soaking wet."A moment later, Cynthia  felt the warm breath of the
woman on her pussy  and then, to Cynthia's  surprise, the woman's
tongue suddenly slid warm and wet across Cynthia's pussy lips and
clitoris.   Cynthia cried  out at the  exquisite sensation.   The
woman was an expert and although Cynthia was certain that she was
about to come, the woman kept her  on the edge for ages.  Finally
the insistent tongue  stopped as did the fingers  at her breasts.
Cynthia was left for a moment before feeling the sharp pinch of a
nipple clip  being attached  to her  oversensitive right  nipple.
Cynthia whimpered that  it hurt but her pleas were unheard as the
left  nipple was  also  pinched  by the  metal  device.   Cynthia
involuntarily  clenched her ass at the sensation and was rewarded
by the  unyielding presence of  the rectal plug.    Cynthia heard
the whistle of the  paddle a moment  before she felt the  searing
heat in her  left buttock.  Before  she could gasp a  lungfull of
air to cry out  the leather covered paddle had fallen again, this
time on the  right buttock.  Cynthia's over  sensitized body felt
the paddle as  though it was made  of molten metal and  she cried
out in shock  at the  sensation.   By the tenth  stroke, she  was
breathing  in  short  ragged  gasps.    The  inquisitor  who  was
punishing her paused  for a moment and once again, Cynthia felt a
warm breath underneath her pussy.  The sound and the touch of the
tip of a vibrator against the entrance to her pussy came a moment
before the spanking resumed as  the paddle slammed into the naked
girl's bottom.   The vibrator was slid deeply  into Cynthia's now
soaked  pussy.   Cynthia  didn't  know whether  to  cry out  with
pleasure  or  pain  and for  a  moment  the  two  seemed  not  so
different.  Several  smacks later,  the vibrator  was now  firmly
lodged in  her and Cynthia knew she was  close to an orgasm.  The
touch  of a hot tongue on  the tip of her  clitoris was enough to
send  Cynthia over  the  edge.   With  the  leather paddle  still
descending in  a rapid  tattoo on her  bottom, Cynthia  cried out
again and again, pulling desperately at her bonds as the waves of
orgasm racked her body.   Finally, it was over,  and the spanking
stopped also.   Cynthia was  left for several minutes  to recover
before the strange device moved again setting Cynthia back on the
ground.  The young receptionist had to  help her to stand because
her knees were so shaky  from the incredible experience.  Cynthia
was shocked to  find that  the receptionist  was also  completely
naked.  The two girls turned to face the table again.  It was the
voice of Cynthia's Master who addressed them.

"You are both deemed ready  to continue your training if you  are
still interested.   The training  'Clinic' will demand a  week of
your time and I warn you, once you arrive at the Clinic, you will
not  be  permitted to  leave  until  the week  is  over and  your
training is complete.  Do you want to go?"

The two  girls looked at  each other for  a moment  before giving
their answer in unison,

"Yes!"
Saturday's "Adventure"
Story #49 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Victoria was as sexually aroused as she ever had been in her
life  and her lover  had yet to  touch her.   The "adventure" had
started  earlier  that  week when  Vicky  and  her  boyfriend had
chatted.  "Let's do something really exciting this weekend.", she
said.   "Oh?",  said  Michael,  "What kind  of  exciting are  you
thinking about?"  The one  in Michael's voice made it clear  that
Michael's idea of excitement  would involve something deliciously
naughty.  Each time she and Michael had made love, the experience
had been different.  The had met in all places in a bar.  She had
been attracted to  him from the first  moment she saw him  but it
was Michael who spoke to her first.  For some reason,  being with
him left her tongue-tied and shy just like a little girl.
     Their  first  date  had  been  dinner  at  the  city's  most
expensive   French  restaurant.    Michael  had  been  a  perfect
gentleman, only  kissing  her on  the  cheek at  the  end of  the
evening.  By the third date they were sleeping together.  Michael
was, by far, the most imaginative lover Vicky had ever had.  Each
time he  stretched Vicky's sexual  imagination to  the limit  yet
Vicky always felt safe with him.   'He's so.... sure of himself.'
she thought.  "Well...", said Vicky, trying to bring herself back
to the  present, "your imagination  has server us pretty  well so
far, I'm sure you'll  think of something."  "But what  if I think
of something  kinky?" chuckled  Michael.   Vicky blushed  despite
herself.   "That would be  Ok." she said in  a quiet voice.   She
could just  imagine Michael smiling.   "Does that mean  you'll do
whatever I think of?"  "Yes." said the pretty girl.   "Ok, you're
on." said  Michael, "We'll  get together  Saturday  night.   From
Saturday morning until  Sunday morning  you'll follow  all of  my
instructions.  Are you sure you're up to it?"
     Vicky swallowed hard.   She had always  had fantasized about
submitting herself totally to a  man but now that the opportunity
was here, it mad her nervous.  "Uh... Ok.", she said  finally her
heart beating a mile-a-minute.
     On Saturday morning,  Michael's call woke  Vicky up.   "Good
morning sweetheart."  he said "Are  you still ready to  follow my
instructions?"   "Mmmmmm"  said Vicky  "I'll do whatever  you say
Master."  Michael smiled to  himself.  The adventure had started.
"A  messenger will drop  off a package  to you this  morning.  It
will have your  instructions in it.   I'll see you later.   Bye!"
Vicky was left with a dial-tone in her ear.
     The messenger arrived  a half-hour later.  Vicky  threw on a
robe and signed  for the package which  turned out to be  a large
envelope.  Vicky opened the  envelope and poured out the contents
on her bed.  Inside were a note,  a key, a black silk scarf and a
pair of  shiny silver handcuffs.  Vicky's heart skipped a beat at
the sight of  them.   She had  often imagined being  tied up  and
helpless while  a lover ravished her but  this was the first time
she had  found  a lover  who had  the nerve  to  actually do  it.
Vicky's hands were trembling with excitement as she picked up the
note.
          "Hi Baby!
       Well  the  adventure  has  begun!    I  guess  you're
       wondering what  I'm going  to do  with these  "toys".
       Read  on  and  you'll   find  out.    Here  are  your
       instructions:

       1. At 4 o'clock go to the Hilton Hotel.  The enclosed
          key  is for room 213.  Go directly to the room and
          bring  the scarf and  handcuffs with you.   You'll
          find the room empty.
       2. Strip  completely.    Remove EVERYTHING  including
          your  jewelry,  watch,  clothes, shoes,  underwear
          etc.  Fold your clothing neatly.
       3. Put on  the blindfold  and fasten  it securely  so
          that you can't see at all.
       4. Fasten  your hands  behind  your  back  using  the
          handcuffs.
       5. You'll be waiting for awhile so  sit down and make
          yourself  comfortable.   In  15 to  45 minutes  of
          arriving you'll hear  a knock at the  door.  Go to
          the door  and open  it.  Then  the adventure  will
          really begin.
  Vicky  was flushed  and perspiring  by the  time she  finished the
note.  "Whew!"  This time, Michael's imagination had outdone itself.
Just thought of what was  going to come had Vicky dripping wet  with
excitement.  The rest of the day passed in  something of a blur.  By
the time  Vicky had showered,  eaten, done  her hair and makeup  and
decided  (after much  pondering)  what  to wear,  it  was  already 3
o'clock.  Vicky  had chosen  to wear  a light  cotton sundress in  a
canary yellow that matched her blond hair.
  The  thin cotton  hugged  her 35,24,36  body like  a  second skin.
Vicky picked a pair of lacy  panties and a garter belt and stockings
that always made her feel sexy.  The dress was backless so wearing a
bra  was out  of  the  question.   Vicky  looked in  the mirror  and
appraised herself.   "Hmm, not bad." she murmured.  Her dark nipples
could just be  discerned behind the  thin fabric.  Vicky  reached up
and touched her nipples and watched as the long fat nipples hardened
and pushed at the  light dress. In a moment  of impulse, she reached
down and tugged  her panties down her  legs and off.   "There."  she
smiled "Perfect."   By now it was  3:30, just enough time  to get to
the hotel.
  Traffic  was thankfully  light and  Vicky  pulled  into the  hotel
parking lot at 3:55.   With her "toys" in her purse, she  hurried up
to room  213.  The  key had been  given fit  the door perfectly  and
Vicky  found herself in a spacious hotel room  suite.  With a glance
at her watch, she realized  she'd have to hurry.  She peeled off the
clothes she had  taken so long  to choose  folded them neatly.   Her
watch and  earrings followed them.   The blindfold was next.   Vicky
took a  deep breath as  she fastened  it behind her  head.  Now  the
handcuffs.   It  was awkward trying to  fasten the  cuffs behind her
back but finally they were attached leaving Vicky naked, blindfolded
and helpless.
  Gingerly, Vicky walked over  to where the bed was  and sat down on
the corner.  Her  senses, it seemed, had instantaneously heightened.
Every sound  in the room  seemed louder somehow.   Immediately Vicky
realized that waiting  for 30  minutes or so without  being able  to
look  at a  watch  would be  difficult.   How much  time  had passed
already?  One minute?  Five?   Ten?  What would happen when  Michael
knocked on the  door?  'My God!', thought Vicky.   What if it wasn't
Michael?  In  fact, what if a  maid walks in?   Vicky imagined for a
moment  what she  must look like.   A 26  year-old attractive blond,
well tanned except  for the small triangular  patches at her breasts
and  pussy with  a black  blindfold on  and handcuffs  fastening her
hands behind  her back.   Permutations  of scenario  after  scenario
rushed  through Vicky's  mind one  after another.    One way  or the
other, she realized, she was helpless to do anything about it.  With
her heart  beating madly  and her  pussy now wet  with anticipation,
Vicky waited.  The more she waited, the more excited she got.
  When the knock  at the door finally  came Vicky jumped.   She  had
become  almost used  to the  silence of  waiting alone with  her own
thoughts.  Nervously, Vicky got to her  feet.  In tiny steps, so  as
not to bump  into a  wall, Vicky  moved to  the door.   She  finally
arrived as the knuckles knocked again.   Taking a deep breath, Vicky
turned  around and felt for  the door knob and turned  it.  The door
opened slowly and Vicky took a step back.  She  felt more naked than
she ever had in her life.   'Was it Michael?' she wondered.  Whoever
it was moved into the room slowly.
  It seemed  to take  an interminable  long time  to close  the door
during  all of  which, Vicky  realized, she  was totally  exposed to
whoever was in the hallway.  Finally the  door closed.  Vicky felt a
hand grasp  her arm and move  her back into the  middle of the room.
She was left standing as the person moved around her inspecting her.
Vicky  felt fingers  touch  her already  hard left  nipple  and pull
gently.  'Are those  Michael's fingers?'  Vicky blushed  as the hand
moved  lower,  feeling the  wetness between  her legs.   Now  a hand
grasped her by the nape  of her neck and had her  bend over from the
waist.  When she was  in the humiliating position, the  hand trailed
down her back to her buttocks.  Vicky felt two  thumbs pry apart her
buttocks  and  hold them  wide  open  to  expose  her crinkled  rear
opening.  She had never felt so vulnerable.
  The hands  left her  and then  pulled her to  a standing  position
again.  She was led over to the  bed and guided onto it so  that she
was kneeling on the bed with  her feet dangling over the edge.   The
strong  hand was  at her  neck again  pushing her forward  until her
forehead touched the   bed.  Her  shoulders too were pushed  down to
dip her back more fully.  She felt the hands now at her legs, moving
them apart.  Vicky was left in this exposed position for a couple of
minutes.  Each  minute added to the  excitement of anticipation that
had been building  since she had read her instructions so many hours
before.  Vicky heard  the person moving  around the room behind  her
and she strained to figure out what exactly he was doing.  Vicky was
pretty  sure that it  was Michael who  was in the room  with her but
every  once in  a  while,  she  thought maybe  not.    She  listened
carefully and was  pretty sure that  he was  the only person  in the
room but  the excitement  of not knowing  was making  her hotter and
hotter.   The hands touched her  buttocks again and  a moment later,
Vicky felt a cold  sensation touch right at the  center of her anus.
The finger covered  in cool lubricant  made its way slowly  into the
virgin entrance.  Vicky was breathing hard now.  She had played with
her  ass before but she had never  let anyone take her there and she
was  nervous that it  was about to  happen.   The long  finger moved
gently in  and out of her tight  rear.  Each time  the finger buried
itself  in her  rectum,  she felt  her toes  curl  up involuntarily.
After a  few minutes of  this leisurely lubrication,  the finger was
withdrawn only  to be replaced a moment or two later by another cool
touch.  The  butt plug  that was  firmly pushed  into Vicky had  one
large bump in the middle.  Vicky squealed as it passed her sphincter
to lodge the plastic intruder deep in her bottom.
  Vicky was left again for a few minutes to  get used to the foreign
object now seated firmly in her.   When she was touched again it was
to be brought to her  feet.  Vicky felt the handcuffs being  removed
but then  her hands  were immediately  re-attached in front  of her.
Now she was placed on the bed on her back.  Her hands were pulled to
the head  of the  bed and fastened  there.  Vicky felt  straps being
fastened around her thighs and then her knees were pulled wide apart
to  the sides of  the bed.   Her feet  were similarly  fastened wide
apart leaving her completely exposed.
  Vicky could feel a drip of her own juices trickle down between her
buttocks  to  where the  strange  device  still  impaled  her.   The
incessant hands were now at her breasts and tugging  at her nipples.
Despite herself, Vicky  let out a moan  as a hot tongue  licked each
nipple until it was aching tight.  The pinching feeling of the clips
that attached to her nipples  was a surprise and for a moment,  they
stung.   That  feeling  soon passed  however  to  be replaced  by  a
constant  stimulation of  the sensitive  nubbins.   The  fingers now
trailed  lower and  lower towards  Vicky's soaking  pussy.   She was
squirming and moaning constantly now.  If only he would stick it in,
I could come right now, she thought.
  She felt the person get up and move across the room.  When he came
back, the sensation at her pussy was very strange.  It  felt like he
had spilled something  on her.  It  was not until the  razor started
removing her  pubic hair that she realized that the feeling had been
shaving cream.   Vicky was  helpless to prevent  the depilitation of
her pubis.   The razor didn't stop  until she was as  smooth as when
she had been a little girl.  A wet warm cloth wiped the last of  the
cream from her  smooth skin.   Vicky gasped at the  heat.  With  the
nipple clips  still pinching her  and the  strange butt plug in  her
rectum Vicky was being  stimulated in ways she had never experienced
before.
  Vicky felt  the man's  thumbs at her  pussy pulling  her lips wide
apart to expose  the pink flesh inside.   She felt his hot  breath a
moment  before the tip of  his tongue touched her  inner pussy lips.
"Ohhhhh!!!" cried Vicky as the hot, wet tongue licked its way slowly
up toward  her hard clitoris.   He blew  gently on her wet  clit and
Vicky  shivered at the  sensation then,  all of a sudden,  her whole
clitoris was sucked  into his  hot mouth  as his  tongue started  to
bring her over  the edge.   Vicky cried out  again and again  as she
tugged desperately at  her bonds.  The  tongue licked her again  and
again and then Vicky felt the fingers  tugging and twisting the plug
in her rear.  She cried out again.  She was sure she was going to go
out of her mind and then she started to come.
  The orgasm washed over her and just when she was sure it was done,
it  crested again.  She felt her ass clench down hard on the plastic
plug lodged deep in her and that set her off again.  Her  whole body
was thrashing on the bed under lover.
  When  finally it was  over, Vicky  was exhausted.  She  had never,
ever, in her life,  been so sexually sated.   She felt the blindfold
being  pulled off and  there, as  expected, was Michael.   He smiled
down at  her  still bound  tightly to  the  bed with  the ropes  and
straps.  "Well my little slave.   How do you like being submissive?"
Vicky  heard herself as  if from a  distance as  she drifted  off to
sleep, "I'm yours Master."
Elizabeth's Adventure in Chicago
Story #50 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     The  package arrived via  Fed-Ex Friday morning.   Elizabeth
had been expecting  it, but even so, when the Fed-Ex delivery man
dropped the envelope on her desk she jumped.
"Sign here please Ma'am." said the young man.
Elizabeth signed for the package and, with a look over her
shoulder to  make sure  that no-one was  looking, she  opened it.
Inside were  several things; a  letter, a key, a  sealed envelope
and an  airline ticket.   'Hmmm', thought Liz, 'This  time's he's
outdone  himself.'  The 'he' she  was referring to was Tom, Liz's
boyfriend.  In the 6 months they  had been seeing each other, Liz
had discovered more about excitement  and her own sexuality  than
in the 25  years previously.  Tom  was always coming up  with the
next "adventure" for them  to take on together.  It  had been Tom
who had  introduced Liz to Bondage and to  the kind of games that
Mom never told you about.  Elizabeth was now a successful
software broker and had opened up her own business selling
software to  large companies that needed to buy  in bulk.  At the
office Liz was  always in control and very much her own woman. To
her surprise, Liz had found out that  she loved being the one who
was  tied up,  that she  loved being  submissive. She  was always
excited when  Tom had 'instructions' for her.  Last week, Tom had
promised  her an adventure  of "unparalleled proportions"  and to
expect her instructions on Friday via messenger.
Liz opened the letter to find out what she needed to do next. The
letter was a short one and contained her weekend
instructions.

     Dearest Slave Liz,

          You'll find enclosed all that you need to begin your
 "adventure".  The airline ticket is to Chicago and the plane
leaves at exactly  6:00pm.  Don't miss it.   The flight will
take  a little under 2 1/2 hours.  The  return flight, as you
can  see, will have you back at work on  Monday morning.  For
your flight,  you are to wear  a pretty cocktail dress.   It
must have a hemline above your knees and I expect the
fabric to be light enough that I could see through it if the
light were behind you.

          When you get on the plane, you are to open the sealed
envelope and follow the instructions  inside.  Do NOT open
the envelope beforehand.

          You'll also find a key in the package I just sent you.
This key is for use in Chicago.  Bring it with you.

          I love you lots and you can expect this 'adventure' to
be the best yet.
Love, Tom.

     Liz's face was  flushed and her  breathing had quickened  by
the time she  finished reading the instructions.   She would have
to get moving if she wanted time to go home and change before her
flight.  She  couldn't believe  that she  was going to  get on  a
flight to a strange city for a sexual escapade.

     By 6:00pm, Liz had managed to pull it all together.  She had
left the office a few minutes early and had rushed home to have a
quick shower  and change.   The only dress  she had that  fit the
instructions was a light yellow  sundress that was strapless.  It
was a little out of fashion for November in Chicago, so Liz put a
white sweater over  it.  A bra was, obviously out of the question
but Liz made up for it was a garter belt and stockings and a pair
of sheer  lace  panties.   She threw  some other  clothes into  a
carry-on  bag and rushed to  the airport where  she just made her
flight.   The plane  left right on  time and as soon  as they had
levelled off,  Liz reached  into her bag  for the  sealed letter.
There was, thankfully, no one sitting next to her because Liz was
sure that the letter would be very  explicit and she would die of
mortification if a stranger read it.
     Inside the envelope, as expected, was a letter:

     Dearest Slave Liz,
          If you have followed your instructions, you are now
winging  your way  to Chicago where  your weekend  adventure
will continue.  Here are your instructions:

          First, as soon as you finish reading this, go to the
plane's washroom.  Once in there, remove  your bra, panties
and stockings.   Do not masturbate.  You  are not allowed to
masturbate until  I tell  you.  Once  you've taken off  your
underwear,  leave it in the garbage disposal in the washroom.
You won't be needing them.

          Next, go back to your seat.  When you sit down, lift
your dress so that you are sitting directly on the fabric of
the seat.  During the rest of the flight, write a fantasy of
exactly what you'd want to happen to you in our next
adventure.  Make sure it is the most exciting thing you've
ever thought of.

          When you get to Chicago, walk across from the terminal
into the  O'Hare Hilton.  It is  only a couple of minutes
walk.  The key  I gave you is for room  310.  Go directly to
that room.  Once  there, remove the rest of your clothes and
hang them up neatly.   You'll find a  blindfold on the  bed.
Put it on and then lie down on the  bed, face down and spread
your legs wide apart.   Stay like that until you get further
instructions.

     Your Loving Master,
     Tom

     Liz  was squirming  by  the time  she  finished reading  the
instructions.  She  was sure  that there  was a wet  spot on  her
dress when she got  up to go to the washroom.  She  had to wait a
moment before getting in.
     Inside the tiny airplane washroom, Liz had trouble trying to
get  undressed.   Finally, she  managed  to get  her panties  and
stockings off and stuffed them into the disposal chute.  Liz took
a long look at  herself in the mirror.   She knew that she was  a
very pretty  25 year-old.   Her sandy  blond hair  was short  and
curly.  Her  figure was not voluptuous but she liked it.  She was
more like a runner, she thought.  Her breasts were 35 B's and her
tiny waist and trim hips showed the hours of exercise and dancing
that she did on a regular basis.  She took a long deep breath and
left the washroom.
     As she moved  up the aisle back  to her seat, she  felt very
exposed.  She  knew that the men  in their seats were  looking at
her and  she felt  like they could  see right  through her  light
cotton dress.   She felt a blush hit her  face as she finally sat
down.  She was about to do up her seat-belt when she remember the
instruction about how to sit.  Liz looked around her to make sure
that no one could see.  Everyone seemed preoccupied with whatever
they were doing.  As  surreptitiously as possible, Liz pulled the
back of her  skirt up  so that  her now bare  bottom was  sitting
directly on  the seat.   Finally,  she was  organized and  as she
looked up,  she saw one of the  stewardesses was looking right at
her.  Liz blushed a deep red as the stewardess gave her a knowing
smile.   Liz dropped her eyes and buckled  up her seat-belt.  She
felt the heat of her embarrassment all over her face and knew she
must look like a little girl with her hand in the cookie jar.
The  plane was  soon  descending into  the  crowded skies  around
Chicago's O'Hare airport.  Liz was getting more and more excited.
She read her  instructions again and  again wondering what  would
happen to  her once she  was naked and blindfolded,  lying on the
bed face  down.  She kept  herself busy writing  down the fantasy
that Tom had asked  her for.  She wrote a  sizzling fantasy about
being  on a  tropical island  and being  captured by  natives who
stripped her and  subjected her to countless sexual  trials.  She
was soaking wet  by the time the  plane landed and she  knew that
she would leave a wet spot on the  seat when she got up.  As soon
as the airplane  door opened, Liz scooted out of her seat and out
of the plane,  making sure her skirt  was pulled down as  she got
up.  The stewardess who had seen her pulling up her skirt  was at
the door and she smiled as Liz came forward.
"Have  a nice day Miss." said the pretty flight attendant and Liz
blushed again as she thanked her.
     Once  out of  the plane  and  into the  terminal, Liz  found
herself following the mass of people as they headed for the exit.
She asked someone at the Car  Rental counter where the O'Hare was
and was told it was right across the street.  Five minutes later,
Liz walked into the lobby of the hotel.  The elevators had her on
the floor a  moment later and  then she was  at the door of  room
310.   She put  her key  in the door  and then,  just as  she was
turning it, had a thought that maybe  she wouldn't be alone!  The
thought  had her  pause but  it was  too late now.   With  a deep
breath, Liz pushed the door open and walked in.
     Thankfully, the  room was  empty.   The curtains were  flung
wide open and Liz wondered if people could see in.  Certainly she
could see out very clearly and the idea of taking off her clothes
in such  an open environment made  her shudder.  She  wondered if
she was  allowed to close the curtains.   She figured not.  After
all, the rest of the instructions  had been so specific, she  was
sure that Tom wouldn't have forgotten something like the
curtains.  Liz looked around  the room and couldn't find anything
in the  closet or anything else that said  that Tom was here.  In
the middle of the bed, however, was  a black silk blindfold.
Liz took one of the closet coat hangers and went to  the bathroom
that  was  positioned right  across  from  the  closet.   In  the
bathroom,  hidden from  what  seemed to  be  the eyes  of  all of
Chicago, she slipped out of her dress and heels.  Her  dress went
onto the hanger  and her shoes she held in one  hand.  She looked
out for  a moment  from the  bathroom then jumped  across to  the
closet  and put her  things away.   She jumped right  back to the
bathroom  and took  a good look  at herself  in the mirror.   Her
pussy was soaked, she noticed.   Last month, during one of  their
'adventures', Tom had shaved  off all of Liz's pubic hair  and he
insisted that she  keep it smooth "just like a good slave."  When
she looked at her  now puffy pussy lips,  they were covered  with
her juices.   Liz wet  a hand  towel and cleaned  herself.   In a
couple of minutes  she was ready.  She knew all this primping was
just putting off the inevitable.   Taking a deep breath, she left
the bathroom and scooted onto the large bed in the middle  of the
room.   The blindfold was still  there and Liz  quickly pulled it
on, making sure it covered her eyes completely.  Then, as
instructed, she lay face down and spread her legs wide apart.
Lying there, not able to see, Liz started to imagine all kinds of
wild things.  She imagined that there were people
peering into the room from the window and that she was on display
just like  in a zoo.  She imagined  that there was a video camera
hidden  in the  corner of  the  room, watching  everything.   She
imagined the stewardess  from the plane coming into  the room and
teasing her and  toying with her just like Tom did.  The thoughts
didn't  stop and the longer  she lay there,  the more excited she
got.  When  she finally heard the  key in the door, she  was very
turned on.   'Would  it be  Tom?', she  wondered.   He had  never
involved anyone else in their sex games before but he had
threatened to from the  first time he had tied her  up.  The idea
of being  helpless to prevent  someone from seeing her  naked and
exposed turned her on.
     The door  opened and Liz  heard someone walk into  the room.
She  held her  breath, trying  to hear  everything as  though the
sound of the  footsteps would tell her  that it was her  lover or
not.   The door closed  and the footsteps started  walking around
the room.   Liz heard  the sound of a  bag being put  down on the
table then the zipper as it was opened.  The footsteps carried on
all around the bed, looking at her from every angle.  The
unmistakable click  of a  camera had Liz  blush as  pictures were
taken of her  in this exposing position.  Finally  the camera was
put down and Liz heard Tom's voice for the first time.
"Hi there my little slave, how are you enjoying your adventure so
far?"
Liz sighed with relief, "Oh God!, I had  no idea if it was you or
if you had found someone who would take pictures of me. "
Tom laughed, "Don't talk too soon.   I'm going to prepare you now
for an 'examination'."
     Liz  felt Tom's hands  on her wrists as  she tried to digest
what  he had just said.   An examination?,  she wondered, by who?
and what would  they do?  Her  mind was a jumble as  Tom attached
wrist  straps to  her  and then  pulled her  hands wide  apart to
attach to the corners of the bed.  Tom lifted her hips and pushed
several doubled up pillows under her  belly and then had Liz pull
her knees wide apart and forward so that she was straddled on the
pillows.  More  leather straps around her thighs  and ankles made
sure she would  be staying in position.   The effect of  the pose
was not lost  on Elizabeth who knew that both her bare pussy lips
and her anus were now fully spread and exposed.  Her breasts hung
below her so  that just her nipples  were touching the bed.   The
tingling touch of the bedspread on the sensitive nipples added to
Liz's excitement.  Finally she was ready.   Tom patted her on her
perfectly curved bottom,
     "Alright  Liz,  you're  ready for  your  examination.   Just
relax.  I'll be leaving the room now, but the next person to walk
in will be examining your body and your submissiveness
thoroughly.   Enjoy  yourself."   Tom chuckled  as Liz  heard him
leave the room.  Her mind was now running rampant as she imagined
what  might happen next.   The position  she was in  was not only
completely exposing and humiliating, she was also helpless to get
out of  it.  She really  had no choice but to  submit to whatever
would be done  to her next.  Each  minute seemed like an  hour to
Liz  but finally she  heard the key  in the door again.   She was
breathing  heavily as the door opened and someone walked in.  Was
it a man or a woman Liz wondered.  Would they be gentle with her?
The door  closed and Liz  heard the footsteps walking  all around
her.   Her 25  year old  body pulled  at the  straps holding  her
wrists in a  vain effort to let  herself free.  She  kept waiting
for them to touch her, hoping they wouldn't and also  hoping they
would.  The  first touch  of the  cool fingers came  at her  left
breast.  Just the tips of the fingers as they gently  grasped her
nipple  and tugged  it away from  her breast.   Liz gasped.   The
touch  had been electric.  She felt  her nipples stiffen and grow
even  longer into the  fingers of  the stranger.   The  long cool
fingers rolled the nipple back  and forth, teasing it and playing
with it until Liz couldn't stand it any more and moaned out loud.
    The fingers left her nipple and just the tips of them
trailed  down along  her  ribcage, tickling  her  and making  her
squirm at the sensation.  It was  as though every nerve ending in
Liz's body had awakened and was ready to be teased.   The fingers
reached Elizabeth's  bottom and moved  further along the  side of
one buttock  and down the outside of  her thigh.  At  the back of
her bent  knee, the fingers  stroked her gently before  moving to
her inside thigh and starting to trail  upwards.  Liz was holding
her breath again  waiting for the hand to  reach her soaking box.
She felt  a trickle  of her  own juices  slide down  her leg  and
blushed  at having  so revealed  herself  to the  stranger.   The
maddening fingers had reached Elizabeth's pussy and she felt them
stroke the outside of her smooth pussy lips.  Her pussy responded
to the  teasing by puffing  out even further and  opening the hot
pink interior lips to the 'examiner'.  Just the tip of one finger
touched  the wetness  inside and  Liz gasped  as it  moved around
slightly.  She felt herself pushing her bottom down trying to get
the fingers to  touch her hard and sensitive clit but they didn't
oblige.
     A fraction of an  inch at a  time, the finger pushed  itself
into Elizabeth, lubricating itself  on her juices.  Liz let out a
long sigh as the finger  penetrated deep inside her.  The  finger
turned slowly then pulled out, again  a fraction of an inch at  a
time.  Liz felt the hot  wet tip of the finger travelling  up her
crack and pause at her tiny crinkled opening.
"Oh, no." She pleaded.  "Not  there."  The stranger paid no  head
to the bound  woman and slowly pushed the  lubricated finger deep
into her bottom.   Liz squirmed  helplessly in her bonds.   There
was nothing  she could  do to stop  this stranger  from violating
even  her most  private opening.   The finger  slid out  and then
pushed in again  even deeper.  Liz  moaned at the feeling.   Back
and forth,  the penetrating finger  turned and touched  until Liz
was panting at the sensations  running through her body.  Finally
it pulled out.
     Liz was left, gasping as  the stranger moved from behind her
to another part of  the room before returning.  Again  Liz felt a
touch at her anus.  This time, the touch was cool.  Liz felt  the
cool touch  of a plastic  plug as it  was pressed into  her.  Her
bottom tried to keep out the intruder but without success.
Elizabeth's toes curled  as the thick bulge in the  middle of the
plug passed inside  her and her  muscles pulled the  rest of  the
plug deep into  her body.   The 'T' shaped  handle kept the  plug
from disappearing into her completely and the result was that her
tiny virginal anus  was kept open, clenching down  on the neck of
the white plastic plug.  Liz's breath was in short ragged breaths
now.   She was  sure she  would come  any minute.   The  stranger
stepped back.  Liz heard the whistle of the leather strap through
the air a  split second before  it exploded on  her bottom.   She
cried out more in surprise than pain as the strap came down again
and then again.   She was helpless  to do anything but  endure as
her spanking continued.   She had been spanked by  Tom before but
this was the first time a strap had been used on her tight
bottom.  The strapping left Liz's  bottom hot and red.  The  pain
only lasted a couple of minutes but the heat remained.  It seemed
to travel through her body, making her nipples even more hard and
her  pussy even  more wet.   With each  stroke, Liz felt  her ass
clench down hard on  the unyielding plug  still inside her.   The
sensation seemed to go directly from her ass to her clitoris.  By
the time the spanking finished, Liz was trembling.  She had never
been so excited in her life.   The stranger moved aside again and
a moment  later Liz felt a  sensation she would remember  for the
rest of her  life.  The plug  in her bottom suddenly  came alive!
The plug started to  vibrate deep in her bottom and  Liz felt the
beginnings of an incredible orgasm.  The door suddenly opened and
Liz heard  as if from a distance,  the strange person leaving the
room.  The  orgasm hit her like a  ton of bricks.   She cried out
again and  again as waves of pleasure washed  over her.  Her anus
clamped down hard on her rectal plug and the sensation caused her
to cry out again as another wave of orgasm took over.  Liz
trashed back and forth, pulling frantically at the leather straps
that bound her.   She was sure  that if the pleasure  didn't stop
right now, she  would die from it,  but still it continued.   She
was helpless to stop it.  When she was sure she couldn't come any
more another orgasm hit her just  as hard as the first and  again
she cried  out.   Finally, exhausted, she  lay still,  the rectal
plug still causing her to spasm from time to time as it hummed in
her bottom.   The vibrations stopped quite suddenly  and Liz felt
her  whole body  relax.   Fingers  tugged at  the silk  blindfold
covering her eyes and a moment later daylight poured in to reveal
Tom sitting beside her.  Very  gently he untied her from the  bed
and helped her to lie  down.  As if in a dream,  Elizabeth looked
up into his eyes and smiled.
"It was  the best  adventure ever", she  said drowsily,  "but I'd
like to sleep now."
"Yes,  have a  good sleep,"  said Tom,  "because today's  is only
Friday and  we have the  whole weekend together.   Wait until you
see tomorrow's adventure."
Evelyn on an Adventure
Story #51 in the Master Chris Collectio
_________________________________________________________________
   Evelyn  received her instructions by  courier late in the day.
The envelope  was a plain 8 1/2" by  11" and was marked 'Personal
and Confidential'.  Just  seeing the package made Evelyn's  knees
quiver. She and  her boyfriend Peter had talked  last night about
their next 'adventure'. Over the  past few months of their steamy
relationship, Evelyn had learned a  lot about herself and her own
sexuality. Before meeting Peter, Evelyn had thought that she  was
pretty  knowledgeable about sex  and hardly considered  herself a
prude. Once  she and Peter  had gotten together,  however, Evelyn
found herself doing things that  she never would have dreamed of.
The second time she and Peter slept together, he blindfolded her.
Evelyn had never imagined how sensitive she would become when she
couldn't  see.   Every  sense seemed  heightened and  not knowing
where she would be touched next drove her crazy.  The  next time,
Peter, tied her  to the bed and  Evelyn found a depth  of passion
that she never imagined she  could have. The games had progressed
from  day to  day  and  Evelyn found  herself  amazed at  Peter's
imagination.  Evelyn was  surprised  to  discover  how  much  she
enjoyed being  submissive.   Last night  Peter had promised  that
today's 'adventure' would  be more outrageous than  anything they
had  done  before.    "Are  you  ready  to  follow  all  of  your
instructions Ev?",  he asked. Evelyn  felt a shiver run  down her
spine as he  asked. "Yes.", she  replied in a small  voice. "Okay
then,  expect your  instructions  by  messenger  at  your  office
tomorrow."

 Now Evelyn  opened the envelope nervously... What would be asked
of  her, she wondered.    The  envelope contained one  sheet with
typing on one side:

 Instructions
 ------------
     1.   You are  to be ready  for your adventure promptly  at
          8:00pm.
     2.   You are to  be wearing panties, bra, a  garter belt and
          stockings,  a light blouse that buttons down the front,
          a  light skirt  that is  no lower  than your  knees and
          heels.
     3.   You  will be  picked up  at your  apartment at  exactly
          8:00pm by limousine. The driver will take you to  where
          you   need to  go.  He may  have other instructions for
          you.  You are to obey him as though he were me.
     4.   Do not  take anything else  with you. You will  have no
          need of your purse or other belongings.

   Evelyn was dripping wet and her heart was pounding by the time
she  finished reading  the brief  instructions.  The rest  of the
afternoon passed in a sort of  blur. Evelyn couldn't seem to  get
her  mind off  of what  would be  happening that  night. Although
their  games  had been  wild,  they  had  always taken  place  in
private. They had met at Evelyn's, at Peter's and once at a motel
but never had Evelyn thought about someone else knowing about her
submission like  the limo  driver.   What if  Peter had told  the
driver  to have her  strip for him  or something  like that? What
would  Evelyn do?  did she  trust  Peter? Although  she was  very
nervous about it,  Evelyn was sure that Peter would  never set up
things so that she would be  in danger. The thought of having  to
obey the chauffeur and even to strip for him if  he asked was, at
once, frightening and incredibly exciting.

     By  8 o'clock,  Evelyn  had  changed 3  times.  Now she  was
wearing  a white  silk  blouse  and a  white  pleated skirt  that
swirled around  her thighs.   Ev had  taken particular  care with
choosing her bra and  panties, picking out the pink lace set that
she knew  Peter  liked.   The doorbell  rang right  on time  and,
taking a  deep  breath,  Evelyn  left her  apartment  and  headed
downstairs  to start her 'adventure'.  The limousine was long and
black. The chauffeur was in  uniform and Evelyn thought he looked
stern.   'Did  he  really  have  instructions  for  her?'  Evelyn
wondered  as  he  held the  door  open  for her.    The  drive as
comfortable  as Evelyn imagined it would although she wasn't able
to  enjoy most  of it.   Her mind  was churning wondering  if the
chauffeur was going to ask her to do anything and if  so what and
if  so, when.   The limousine sped  across town ending  up in the
industrial  sector and  finally  pulled into  the  entrance of  a
warehouse  type plant. Evelyn  tried to read  the name on  at the
entrance but  the car drove by too quick for  her to see. Once in
the entrance, Evelyn  saw that the way was barred with a gate and
a  small  building  that  served  as  a  guardhouse  and security
checkpoint. The car stopped and the chauffeur opened the door for
Ev to  get out.  He took  her by the arm and  guided her into the
guardhouse.  Evelyn  realized  that  she  had  yet  to  hear  the
chauffeur say  anything.   The small building  was about  15 feet
square with a counter  in the front.   A young man in a  business
suit was  behind the  counter.   "I'll take  it  from here  John.
Thank you." he said  to the chauffeur.  The chauffeur  smiled and
turned quickly  and left,  leaving Evelyn  standing nervously  in
front of  the strange  but very  attractive man.   His smile  was
disconcerting. "Follow me  Evelyn", he said. Evelyn  followed him
nervously  to a an office  tucked into the  back of the building.
The  room was bare  save for  a desk and  chair off to  the side.
"Are you ready for your adventure to begin Evelyn?" asked the man
"Yes. I  think so." she said.  "Good. You'll be  required to obey
the  instructions  of  everyone  tonight  and  you'll  experience
pleasure that  you've not  ever experienced before.  Some of  the
things that happen may be embarrassing  but they will all add  to
your excitement.  Now,  first of all, I'd like you  to strip down
to your panties,  garter belt, stockings and shoes.   Please fold
your clothes neatly and leave them on the desk." Evelyn heard the
instructions  as if  from a  great distance.  The man  had spoken
clearly and  concisely but  it was the  matter-of-fact tone  that
threw  Evelyn off. She  waited for a  moment hoping  that the man
would leave the room or at least turn around but, of course, that
would be  hoping too much.   Her fingers trembled as  she reached
for the  top button of  her blouse. The man's  steady gaze didn't
make it any  easier as Ev removed  the blouse to reveal  her pink
bra and then let  the skirt drop in a puddle  at her feet. Evelyn
reached  back and undid the clasp to her  bra.  She held it for a
long moment, preserving the last  of her modesty and then, taking
a deep breath,  she closed her eyes  and pulled the lacy  garment
from her. Evelyn opened her eyes and looked up at the man looking
at her. He was  smiling slightly. It suddenly occurred to Ev that
she it  had not even occurred to her to turn her back on the man.
"Fold your clothes and  put them on the desk  Evelyn." Evelyn did
as  she was told.  When she had  neatly put all her things on the
desk, the  man came forward.   "Turn around  please and  put your
hands behind your back." Evelyn  felt the cool clasp of handcuffs
squeeze her  wrists as they  were fastened  behind her.   The man
took the now helpless girl by the arm and led her out of the back
room to  the door. Evelyn felt a  stab of panic as he  led her to
the outside door.  She found it difficult to catch her breath but
the man didn't hesitate. A  moment later Evelyn found herself out
in  the  dark parking  lot half  naked. It  was the  most bizarre
experience she  had ever had.   Here she was,  completely topless
with her hands fastened behind her back, being led in the open by
a stranger to a warehouse where she knew that further indignities
would  be thrust upon her.  Despite herself, she noticed that she
had become very wet and even though the evening air was cool, she
felt very warm. Evelyn's long brown nipples stood out in the cool
night air  until they  were aching.   The  man led  her into  the
warehouse through a side door and brought her right to the middle
of  a large  concrete  floor.  The inside  of  the warehouse  was
completely blacked out with  the exception of a  single spotlight
in  the middle of  the floor. Evelyn  was brought to  the pool of
light and led right to the middle of  it. Evelyn took a moment to
look  around but  outside of  the few  feet where  she  stood the
entire room  was black.  Suddenly Evelyn  felt her  panties being
tugged  downward.   The  man  had grasped  her  pink panties  and
quickly slid them  down her thighs to  her ankles.  "Step  out of
them.",  he said.    Now  Evelyn was  completely  naked with  the
exception of  her garter belt and stockings. "I want you to stand
absolutely  still now." said  the man. Obediently,  Evelyn stayed
where she  was as the  man moved off  to the side. She  heard him
moving about for the moment and  she wondered what he was  doing.
A moment  later, her question was answered  as he wheeled in what
looked  like  a  railing  on wheels.  On  closer  examination the
contraption turned out to  be a bar padded with leather  that was
at about waist  height and was approximately 4  feet wide. It was
positioned on  a solid metal base that had  wheels on it.  Evelyn
could see straps  coiled carefully at the  base of the bar.   The
man moved Evelyn up to the bar so that the top of her thighs were
touching the  cool leather.  "Spread your  legs Evelyn."  she was
told.   Obediently, Evelyn opened her  feet about a foot. The man
chuckled. "Much, wider if you please."  Evelyn spread her feet as
far as she  could and, as a  result, found her already  wet pubis
pressed  against  the  leather  bar.  Evelyn  felt  straps  being
fastened around her ankles and then  attached to the base of  the
bar thus trapping her feet in the wide open stance she had taken.
Her  handcuffs were  removed and  straps were  fastened in  their
place. The man  moved around to in  front of the pretty  girl and
smiled at her. "Bend over  the bar Evelyn." Evelyn leaned forward
and the man pulled her hands  wide apart to fasten them near  her
ankles. The helplessness of the  position was not lost on Evelyn.
She  had never felt so vulnerable  and exposed before.  She heard
the man moving  around her and as he came into view, she blushed,
realizing that her very wet  pussy and her bottom were completely
exposed to him.  The position had even spread  her buttocks apart
to show him  her crinkled anus. The man, whose name Evelyn didn't
even know moved out of sight for  a minute then returned to stand
right behind  her. Evelyn  couldn't see what  he was doing  but a
moment later  she felt it  as his forefinger touched  her bottom.
The cold feel of vaseline was unmistakable. The tip of the finger
teased the  opening for  a moment before  sliding firmly,  deeply
into her rectum.  Evelyn gasped at the  sensation. Before meeting
Peter, she  had never imagined  that her ass  could give her  any
pleasure. The first  time he had teased her there,  she had tried
to stop  him but he  had been insistent.  Now, she knew  that she
loved a  finger in her  bottom when he  went down on her.   Also,
their  dominance/submission games had often included some kind of
play with her bottom and she had come to know the feel of an anal
plug  in  her bottom  while  bound.    Being penetrated  by  this
stranger, however, was  completely different.  She felt  like she
was exposing  her most intimate  secrets to this man.  The finger
left her  and a moment later, the tip  of a butt plug pushed into
her.  The thickest part of the plug was pushed past her sphincter
and Evelyn  gasped again  as her rectal  muscles pulled  the plug
into her until the 'T' handle was tight against her anus. The man
gave her  bottom a  little pat  and moved  to the  side again.  A
moment  later, Evelyn  felt  the  sting of  a  belt striking  her
buttocks as the man began to strap her.  The belt descended again
and  again until  her  bottom  was hot  and  pink. Being  spanked
sexually was something else that  Peter had introduced her to and
just like with Peter, as the spanking continued, she got more and
more aroused. The man put the strap aside and moved around to her
front. Evelyn felt  him unfasten  her wrists  and pull  her to  a
standing position. A rope  was dangling in  front of her and  her
wrist straps  were attached to it. The man  moved to the side and
the  rope was  pulled  upward  to the  ceiling  until Evelyn  was
stretched up on her tiptoes.  The position pulled her 36B breasts
tight against  her chest and  made her usually long  nipples seem
twice as big as they stuck out from her body. The man moved  back
in front of  her and pulled  the bar away  to leave her  standing
there.  He  reached up and squeezed her  nipples tightly, pulling
them  out from her body until she  moaned at the feeling.  Now he
reached down for a  jar of something that had been  on the floor.
Dipping  into  the jar  with two  fingers, he  pulled out  a pink
lotion  that he  now spread  on her  nipples and  the surrounding
aureole.  His hand moved lower and felt the wetness of her pussy,
lightly covered with sandy brown hair. The fingers dipped back in
the jar  and then slid  down to Evelyn's  puffed out pussy  lips.
The lotion was slid  along her wetness from the plug  in her anus
to just  below her clitoris.   Evelyn was feeling  more turned on
now than  ever and to make  matters worse, she  realized that the
lotion now  on her  nipples and  pussy was  getting warmer.   She
started to  squirm in  her bonds, pulling  at the  leather straps
holding  her,  becoming more  and  more  desperate to  touch  her
breasts and pussy.   The touch of  the vibrator at her  pussy was
unexpected and it  was already in her couple of inches before she
noticed.  The long  vibrating dildo slid slowly all the  way into
her pussy until she  was filled up. A strap attached  to the base
held the vibrating dildo  deep in her body.   Evelyn thought  she
would go out  of her mind. The multiple  sensations going through
her body  were beyond  anything that  had  ever happened.     The
lotion on her nipples had tightened  them even more than they had
been. Evelyn wished that the man would touch them or squeeze them
or pull them or even strap them  but he did not. The same  lotion
on her  pussy lips felt like  heat was being applied  directly to
that sensitive part  of her. She  felt both the  vibrator in  her
pussy and the  plug in her  bottom but they  both felt like  they
reached right up into  her chest to fill her entire  body. Evelyn
felt the beginnings of her orgasm start deep in her body and move
outward. She cried out and pulled hard at both her wrists and her
ankles as her whole body convulsed and shook.   She was desperate
to push at something  but there was nothing. She  felt her rectum
clamp  down hard  on  the unyielding  plug in  her  rear and  the
sensation set off  another wave of pleasure. She  shook again and
again until she was weak.  Finally the man moved forward  to pull
the vibrator  from her.  Evelyn was hanging  weakly in  her bonds
with her  head lying forward on her chest.   As she finally found
the strength to look up, she saw that the lights in the warehouse
had been turned on.  To her shock, Evelyn saw that  they were not
alone.  About 10 feet  in front of her, there were  15 chairs all
filled with  strange people.   All looking at her.  Evelyn looked
wildly from face  to face  seeing their  smiles and  appreciating
looks. The last  person on the left  was Peter. Seeing him  had a
calming effect on her.  At once she remembered that she was safe.
Looking around again,  she remembered her  own nakedness and  the
spectacle she had just put on. She blushed crimson as she watched
these fully clothed men and women watching her body. A cold spray
of  water suddenly  hit her  from behind.  The  man who  had been
toying with  her all  this time was  now hosing  her down  with a
common garden hose.  Evelyn was helpless to do anything  about it
as the man walked around her  effectively cooling her off.   When
he was  done, she  was soaked from  head to  toe and  also, quite
refreshed.  Her ankles were  released and Evelyn brought her feet
together  then  the  rope  pulling  her  toward  the  ceiling was
released and Evelyn was allowed to lower her  hands. She was left
standing  there for  a moment  while the man  moved again  to the
side.  This  time, he wheeled a  low leather padded table  to the
center of the room.  Evelyn was told to lie back on the table and
within  moments was  again fastened,  this time  in an  even more
exposing position.  Her  hands were tied to the top  of the table
and the straps  at her ankles were  moved up her legs  until they
were firmly  tightened around  her thighs  just above  her knees.
The straps  were pulled  up  and to  the side  thus levering  her
thighs wide  apart and spreading  her outer pussy lips  to expose
the  wet pink  interior.   The position  also exposed  her bottom
displaying the  white plastic 'T'  of the anal plug  still lodged
firmly in her rear. Evelyn was left like this for several minutes
getting   steadily  more  and  more  excited.  Knowing  that  the
strangers watching  her could  see  right between  her legs  made
Evelyn  even hotter.    Evelyn  looked up  to  see her  tormentor
approach  with another type of vibrator.  He started touching her
all over  with the tantalizing  wand, first her lower  thighs and
her feet then  moving up to her  tight nipples and her  belly. He
stroked   her  swollen  pussy  lips  but  carefully  avoided  her
clitoris.    Amazingly  Evelyn found  herself  getting  turned on
again. She felt her own juices start  to trickle down the crevice
between her buttocks and  she knew that  her pussy lips were  now
blossoming out  even more  than they  had up  until now.   Evelyn
couldn't  hold in the  long moan that  now came to  her lips. She
started to squirm  in her bonds.   Her feet, which had  been left
untied, kicked  back and  forth and  the strangers observing  her
watched her  toes curl each  time the vibrating wand  touched her
body. 'What next?' thought  Evelyn who was quickly being  brought
to  another fever  pitch by  the  strange man.  The vibrator  was
turned off and Evelyn was  left quivering in anticipation of what
was to come  next. Evelyn was so  hot that she couldn't  stand it
any more.   She heard herself  begging for release begging  to be
touched begging to  be allowed an orgasm.  Suddenly Evelyn felt a
sensation between her legs that  was unlike anything she had ever
had before.  She lifted up her  head to look down and  saw to her
horror a  dog licking her there.  The  rough rasp of the animal's
tongue was  making long  licks from her  ass through  her soaking
pussy and across her over-sensitive clitoris.  Evelyn didn't have
the time  to be disgusted or  to think about anything  other than
the sensations  running through  her body.   Each time  the rough
tongue of  the dog dragged across  the tiny sensitive  bud of her
clit, Evelyn cried out.  She was  sure she was about to go crazy.
She thrashed as  she pulled at  the straps holding her  firmly to
the table.  This time  her orgasm seemed  to take over  her whole
body. She cried out again and again and at one time  she was sure
she passed out  only to come to again  still thrashing and crying
with pleasure. The orgasm  seemed to go on for ages  until it was
finally over.  When finally she could breath  again, the room was
empty except for  the strange man who had brought her to the most
intense orgasms  she had ever  had. He gently removed  the rectal
plug and then untied her. She was handed her blouse and skirt and
was helped  to her feet.   The man led  her out of the  now empty
building and  back to  the guardhouse where  it had  all started.
The limousine  was waiting  with the chauffeur  holding the  door
open.  Evelyn turned to the  man and asked her first question  of
him.  "What's  your name?"  The  man smiled. "Robert.   you'll be
meeting me again I am sure."  Evelyn turned and stepped into  the
limousine. Waiting for her was her boyfriend Peter and Evelyn let
herself fall into his comforting arms. Peter held up a videotape.
"I have  it  all  here  from  the moment  you  stepped  into  the
guardhouse. You were incredible Ev.  Did you  like it?" "Oh yes",
murmured  Evelyn.  It was  the most exciting  thing that has ever
happened to me."  Peter looked down at her and  realized that she
had already dropped into a well deserved sleep.
Training Camp for Submissives
Story #54 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     To  say that Alexis was  nervous was an understatement. Alex
had been on edge and excited non-stop for almost a week now. Ever
since her boyfriend Chuck had proposed the latest in their series
of "adventures".  This time was  the wildest thing Alex  had ever
imagined.  Last Friday, Chuck had suggested taking her submissive
sexual  nature to the  next  level.   They  had experimented with
bondage and other such  games for months and Alex  had found that
there was  a side of her that she  never knew existed. When Chuck
tied her up, she became more passionate than she ever thought she
could. Just  the idea of being tied up and restrained, turned her
on to  the point  that she couldn't  sit still.   Each  time they
played this way,  Chuck's fertile imagination served  to surprise
her with something  new, some new limit or  game that embarrassed
her and  teased her but always brought her  to new heights.  This
time,  however, Chuck  had surprised  even her.   The  adventure,
Chuck had  explained, would  involve  Alexis going  to a  special
"camp" where dominant  and submissive lovers went.  At this camp,
Alex would have  to be submissive in front of others and would be
"trained" at  least in  part by  someone else.  Being tied  up in
front of a stranger wasn't, in itself, new.  Several weeks before
Chuck had  shocked Alex  by having her  bound and  blindfolded at
home while a friend  of his was there.   Alex had gone wild  with
excitement at the humiliation of  being stripped and exposed to a
strange man.  She had since  tried without success to have  Chuck
tell her who it was. Going to  a "camp" though, was an altogether
different story.   Alex tossed the idea  back and forth  but what
finally convinced  her is that  every time she thought  about it,
she  got soaking wet.   Chuck made  the necessary calls  and Alex
waited nervously all  week for her "instructions".   They came by
courrier  on Wednesday to  her office. The  non-descript envelope
had no return  address just a  P.O box but  Alex knew right  away
what  it    was.    The envelope  contained  a  single  sheet  of
instructions. She was  to be at the corner of 1st Street and 20th
Avenue  at precisely  1:00pm on  Saturday.  She was  to bring  no
personal effects including identification or  money.  She was  to
dress as though to go to a casual party. Slacks or pants were not
allowed. A Minibus  would pick her up at that location exactly on
time.  If she was even a minute late,  she would not be picked up
as  the bus  would  not wait.  She  was told  that  she would  be
returned by  the  same  bus  in  exactly one  week  to  the  same
location. Finally, she was told that from the  time of receipt of
this  letter until  her arrival at  the "camp".   She was  not to
pleasure herself sexually  in any way including  by masturbating.
The rest of the week passed in a blur as Alex got ready to take a
week  off from  work. Before  she knew  it, Saturday  morning had
arrived and she  was trying to get  ready.  A shower  started the
day followed by the difficult task of deciding what to wear. Alex
studied  the  letter a  hundred  times,  perhaps hoping  that  by
reading it yet  again, it  would give  some clue as  to what  she
should  do or  what she  would experience.   She tried  on outfit
after outfit.  At one point, she  was completely naked and caught
a look  of herself in  the mirror.   'Not bad.'  she said  to her
image.  Alexis  was tall and slender  but she knew that  her body
was in great shape. Her blond hair was  short and curly, stopping
just before her shoulders.   Her breasts were firm  35b's and she
knew that  Chuck particularly loved  her dark and  unusually long
nipples.   But it was  her ass that  was her best  feature. Firm,
perfectly  curved and  with  buttocks  that    opened  invitingly
whenever  she bent  over.   'I  should just  go  like this.'  she
laughed  to herself. Finally,  Alex decided on  something simple.
She  pulled on a white silk blouse and her blue skirt. A lacy bra
and  matching panty  set  and  her blue  heels  finished off  the
outfit.  She debated over and over about hose. Her garterbelt and
stockings seemed to be too "sluttish" on her and pantyhose didn't
seem appropriate at all.  Finally, she decided to do without. Her
long tanned legs didn't really need  hose anyway.    Keeping  one
eye on the clock, Alex downed a quick meal  then got ready to go.
Just in  case it got  cooler, she pulled a  white cardigan around
her  shoulders.   As  the  door  to  her apartment  closed,  Alex
realized that her adventure was underway.  As instructed, she had
no personal effects  with her, not  even her keys.   Chuck  would
have to let her into her apartment next week. Alex arrived at the
appointed corner a full fifteen  minutes early and waited for her
bus to arrive.  It was right on  time. The white minibus had dark
tinted windows that  Alex couldn't see into  but she was sure  it
was  for  her. It  stopped right  in  front of  her and  the door
opened.  "Alexis  Steerling?" asked the driver. "Yes"  said Alex.
"Get  in."   Alex  climbed into  the  bus and  sat  down. To  her
surprise, there were  two other women already in  the bus looking
as nervous as she felt.   They were both about her age, in  their
late twenties and both very pretty.  "Hello." said Alex.  The bus
picked up  two more  women on  its routed before  heading out  of
town.    They had been  on the freeway for about 20 minutes  when
the driver pulled  off to a rest  area.  Despite the  hundreds of
questions that the young girls  had, the ride had been remarkably
quiet.  Almost as though  talking between themselves might not be
allowed. The driver  pulled the bus to a  stop and turned around.
"You  will all  be blindfolded  from this  point on  so  that the
location of  the camp will be kept a  secret."  Passing out black
silk  scarves, he instructed them to cover their eyes and to make
sure that they  couldn't see.  The punishment  for disobeying, he
told  them would be  an immediate return  for all of  them to the
city. There was no disagreement  and Alex found herself even more
exicted  by being  blindfolded.   The  balance of  the ride  took
another 20 minutes before Alex felt the bus begin to bump along a
gravel road.   The  driver told them  that they could  now remove
their blindfolds as they were already on the camp property.   The
bus pulled through  several more turns and finally  came across a
pretty field,  with several buildings  surrounding it.   The area
looked like it might once have been a summer camp for kids, which
in  fact it had  years before.   Waiting in front  of the largest
building was  a tall man  and the bus  stopped right in  front of
him. The girls  piled out of  the bus and  the man directed  them
right  through a door  into a waiting  room.  Once  they were all
inside he  told them to  wait patiently  and that  they would  be
called one by one and given instructions on entering the facility
itself.  He closed the  door effectively  shutting them  into the
room which was well lit  but windowless. There were couches along
the walls, and a  water fountain as well as a  washroom for their
convenience.  Alex waited nervously with the other wondering what
would happen  next.   Suddenly an intercom  clicked and  they all
heard  the  voice  of a  softspoken  woman.  "Margaret Patterson,
please go through the  open door at  the end of  the room."   The
tall  brunette jumped as she heard her name called. All the other
girls watched as she moved toward a  door which had opened all by
itself at  the far end  of the room.   Alex peeked past  the open
door but all  she could see was  a short corridor that  seemed to
turn several feet later. It was  about 20 minutes before the next
girl  was  called.   The  first girl  had  not returned  and Alex
wondered what exactly  happened beyond the door. She  and the two
remained women  waited for  their  turn to  find out.   The  wait
seemed to last  forever but was, in  fact only about  25 minutes.
"Alexis Steerling please go  through the open door at the  end of
the room."  said the voice  suddenly. Alex felt her  palms become
sweaty as she  stood and made her way  toward the open door.   As
she walked through the door, it closed behind her closing her off
from  the waiting  room.  "Please  move forward  Miss Steerling."
said the  voice.   Alex walked  along the  corridor which  made a
sharp left turn. Ahead of her  was a partly open door and  beyond
it was a small room that was  only partly lit. Alex walked slowly
into the room  and as she did  so the door closed  behind her. As
the door  closed, bright lights  turned on overhead and  the room
was suddenly overbright. Alex squinted as  she looked around her.
Every wall  in the small 6' by  6' room was covered  in a mirror.
Even the ceiling was mirrored.  At the side of the room was a low
table.  "Good afternoon Miss Steerling, your training is about to
begin.   Please follow all  of  your instructions  completely and
without  hesitation. We'll start  with your shoes.  Please remove
them and place  them on the table.  Alex stepped out of  the high
heels and  put the shoes neatly on the  table. The floor was hard
wood and  was cool against her bare feet. "Very good, please also
remove your  watch and any  jewelry and  place them on  the table
also.  This will all  be returned to  you when you  leave."  Alex
pulled off  her watch  and earings  and left  them  on the  table
beside her shoes. "Now the blouse please Alexis." said the voice.
Alex's hands were trembling slightly  as she reached down for the
buttons on her sild  blouse. All the mirrors around her  made her
feel  very  exposed  as  she  could   see  herself  from  several
directions as  she undid the  buttons and uncovered the  lacy bra
underneath.  Once the blouse was safely folded on the table, Alex
waited  for the  next instruction  but  there was  silence for  a
moment.   Alex had the  distinct sensation of being  examined and
reflexively, she crossed her hands over her chest. "The bra next,
if you  please." said the voice suddenly. Alex froze. Now she was
sure  that she was  being watched. She  had the image  of each of
these  reflexions being  a one-way  mirror with dozens  of people
watching her strip. In fact, that was not far from the truth. The
mirrors  were of  the one-way  variety  and not  only were  there
several people watching Alex  from a couple  of feet away, but  a
videocamera was recording  her embarrassment in complete  detail.
Alex's  hands moved slowly  behind her to reach  for the clasp of
the  bra.  In  front of her  she saw how  her movement thrust her
breasts out  as though on  display.   With the clasp  undone, she
quickly pulled  the garment from her and put  it on the table and
then  returned her  hands protectively  across her chest.   "Very
good Alexis.   Now please clasp your hands behind  your head with
your elbows well back." Alex closed her eyes for a moment  as she
did as she  was asked.  The position not only exposed her breasts
but lifted  them up  and out for  presentation. Her  long nipples
betrayed her  excitement, quickly  becoming hard  and long.  They
even seemed darker in the  reflextion that stared back at Alexis.
Alex was  left to stand there for a couple of minutes as her mind
ran  rampant imagining  all  the  people who  she  was sure  were
watching.     Soon  the   anonymous  voice  returned   with  more
instructions.  "Please walk forward  until just your  nipples are
touching the  mirror."  Alex  shuffled forward as  requested. The
cool glass seemed  to make her nipples even harder.  She was left
like that for another couple of minutes before being told to move
back to  the center of the small room.   "Your skirt now Alexis."
said the voice  and Alex let the  blue skirt fall to  her ankles.
This left her  in only her  white lace panties  and she was  sure
they  would  not  stay on  long.    They  were  next leaving  her
completely  naked. Alex  looked at  the mirror  to see  her blond
triangle uncovered  at last and despite knowing  it was hopeless,
she found her hands moving automatically to cover herself. "Hands
back  behind your  head please  and  keep your  feet spread  wide
apart." Alex  had never  felt so exposed  and embarrassed  in her
life.  The mirror  kept showing her the blush on  her face as she
bared all. Even though she  couldn't see anyone watching her, she
felt their presence and, in a way, it was more embarrassing to be
watched by someone  who you couldn't  see.  "Bend over  and touch
your toes now Alexis." said the  voice and Alex blushed a  deeper
red as she  bent to expose  her pretty bottom  to the  examiners.
Finally it was  over. Alex  was told to  stand up and  that in  a
moment the door would open.  She was to follow the corridor along
until she was given further instructions. The door opened without
further ado  and Alex walked out into a large  room.  In front of
her two waist high rails of the sort used to keep people in lines
at banks stretched out to form a corridor. Waiting on either side
of  the rails were a  man and a  woman both wearing  shorts and a
T-Shirt.  Alex also noticed that they  were holding riding crops.
She didn't  have much  time to  think about it  because a  moment
later the  woman had smacked Alex's  bottom with the crop  with a
wicked sting. "Come on  Alexis, move along the corridor,  quickly
now."  The man and woman had  Alexis trotting along the rails for
the 50 feet  or so, encouraging  her with  stinging slaps of  the
crops  against  her  buttocks  and  thighs. At  the  end  of  the
"corridor"  the rails  ended and  left Alex  standing in  a clear
space of the room.  There were a couple of people standing around
but  she wasn't given an  opportunity to wait.  The man and woman
pulled her forward by her wrists to a low leather vault.  She was
pulled  forward until  she was  lying  over the  object with  her
breasts hanging on the sides.  Hands seemed to be holding her all
at once as leather straps were attached to her wrists, ankles and
a collar  around her neck.  Her wrists were fastened  forward and
her  ankles pulled  to the  sides. Her  knees were  flexed before
tying her down  to make sure  that her buttocks parted  to expose
her from the  rear. Once bound, Alex  was left for a  moment. She
was helpless and a little scared, but  more than anything she was
excited.  She felt the warm leather beneath her and realized that
the heat  and wetness she was feeling was  from the last girl who
was tied here  only minutes before. The thought  turned Alexis on
as nothing ever had. Her  reverie was suddenly interrupted by the
sharp smack of a leather strap right across her bottom. The strap
fell again before Alex really felt the sting of  the first smack.
The  spanker let  the strap  fall over  and  over until  Alex was
having trouble catching  her breath and felt like  her bottom was
on fire.   Finally it stopped.  The intense heat from  her bottom
seemed to go right through her and she felt her whole body bathed
in her own sweat. She heard her tormentor take a step  behind her
and then felt his hand right  between her legs. To her shock  she
realized that she was dripping wet with excitement. "She's ready"
laughed the  man who  had just finished  giving Alexis  her first
strapping.  Someone  else  walked over  behind  the  young girl's
spread legs.  Alex stretched her head  around to see but only got
enough of  a glimpse  of the person  to realize  it was  a woman.
Alex felt  the cool  touch of  the woman's fingers  next as  they
trailed down the  small of  her back  and down her  crack.   They
paused at her rear crinkled opening and Alex held her  breath for
a moment. Her  anus was her most  sensitive spot.  She  had never
let anyone before Chuck touch her there but Chuck had  managed to
turn her on to being  teased and opened from behind.   The tip of
one finger pushed  gently at her tight  anus and then left  it. A
moment later, the finger returned.  Now it was cold and slippery.
Lubricant, realized Alex.  The tip of the woman's  finger slid in
easily  and Alex let  out a  gasp despite  herself as  the finger
teased  the young girl's rear  opening. After a  minute or two of
teasing the finger suddenly plunged  deep all the way into Alex's
bottom  causing her to gasp again  and pull at her leather bonds.
The finger  was insistent pulling  out only to add  lubricant and
push  in again  even more  deeply,  twisting slightly  to add  to
Alex's  stimulation. The  finger  started moving  in  and out  in
rhythmic  motion and  Alex started  to rock  back and  forth, now
trying  to impale  herself even  more  deeply on  the penetrating
finger  rather  than avoid  it.    The  finger pulled  out  quite
suddenly and Alex continued to rock trying desperatedly to  press
her vulva into the leather but to no avail. The next touch at her
anus was  something Alex had  never experienced  before. It  felt
just like the plastic of her dildo at home  and she knew that the
object, whatever it was, was destined for her bottom.  She moaned
softly as the tip of the object was nudged inside her. It was not
as large as Alex feared and she could accomodate it quite easily.
The tip of  the anal intruder pushed  in and out each  time going
just a little  bit deeper. At one  point, the plastic  object was
held in Alex and she felt a  little more lubricant being added to
the stretched ring  of her anus.  Then the pressure continued and
she felt what felt like a  bulge in the dildo press against  her.
Her sphincter muscle tried to keep the bulge out but the  woman's
finger were unrelenting  and Alex finally relaxed  herself enough
to let the bulge pass inside her.  Her muscles clamped right down
on it and tried to pull the whole object deep into her body but a
T-shaped handle  at the  end of  the rectal  plug kept  that from
happening.   Alex had never felt  such a range of sensations. The
rectal plug was  deep inside her and  she felt so full  she dared
not take  a deep breath. Her  bottom was still hot  and stinging.
Her nipples refused  to get soft  and were aching  from being  so
hard and her  pussy was dripping  so much that  she could feel  a
trickle of her juices running down one thigh.    As if in a daze,
she felt the leather straps being removed and her being pulled to
her feet.  Each movement, no matter how infinitesimal, transfered
directly to the plug penetrating  her bottom and to the sensitive
nerve  endings there. Before she really  knew what was happening,
the man  and the  woman with  the riding  crops were  moving here
along the room and out the door right into the open.  Alex wasn't
given time  to think about  it, she just  was moved along.   Each
step caused the rectal plug to shift deep inside her belly.  Alex
found  that  she   couldn't  concentrate  on  anything   but  the
sensations there. Still,  the stinging smacks of  the riding crop
moved her  along a  grass trail  for about  100 feet  to a  small
building. They led  her into the building  and told her  to stop.
The man pulled a black silk blindfold from his pocket and tied it
over Alexis eyes. The loss of sight only served to make Alex even
more excited.  Here she  was, completely naked with two strangers
holding her arms. Not only that, but the sensations of the rectal
plug  deep in  her body  kept reminding  her constantly  that the
control over  even her  most intimate openings  was not  her own.
Alex was  led forward further  into the  building.   She let  the
trainers  maneuver  her  into position  and  then  followed their
instructions to lean backwards and to lie face up on some kind of
bench or table  that was about the height of her waist. Her hands
were pulled to the top of the  table and fastened there thanks to
the leather straps still around  her wrists. Her feet were lifted
up and her  knees flexed. When her feet were placed in cool metal
stirrups, she realized that  the table she was  on was just  like
that at her doctor's office.  Unlike her  visits to the doctor's,
this time her  ankles were tied to the stirrups so that she could
not escape. Even this was not enough as Alex felt her knees being
pulled  gently but  widely apart  to  be fastened  with two  more
straps,  these just  above her  knees.  She had  never felt  more
helpless or  vulnerable. Alex was left  to lie for a  few moments
while the people in the room moved about.  She strained  her ears
to hear what was happening but she could only guess at what would
come next. Alex  sensed rather than heard that  there was someone
between her legs. The soft touch of fingertips at her knee made a
shiver run up her spine.   The fingertips slid gently up her  leg
to the  top of her thigh. Alex sighed softly as she felt a gentle
tug at her pubic hair.  The fingers toyed with her hair  and Alex
felt another gentle  tug and then another.   It was the  sound of
the scissors that finally had her realize what was happening. Her
pubic hair  was being  cut off!  The gentle  hands were  soft but
quick and the soft curly blond  hair was soon cut off. Alex  felt
her blindfold  being untied and a moment later she blinked in the
light as it was removed.  The first image to hit her was herself.
Above the table  was a mirror that  was so large that  Alex could
see  all  of  herself  fastened  to  the  table.  She  stared  in
fascination at the exposed woman that was herself. Her hands were
tied to  the  head of  the  examining table  and  her pert  young
breasts were stretched tight against her body. Even in the mirror
she could see that her nipples were hard and distended.  Her gaze
travelled down looking at  her splayed legs and for  a moment she
just stared at the leather straps  holding her ankles up and wide
apart.  Alex could  just  see the  tip  of the  rectal plug  that
penetrated her bottom.  Between  her legs was another young woman
and right in  front of her  was Alex's pussy  with the now  short
pubic hair  almost invisible.  The woman  was looking at Alex and
Alex had to  tear her eyes from  the mirror to look  back at her.
"We're going to remove the rest of your pubic hair now." she said
smiling. "This is to protect you from the depilatory."  The woman
was holding up  a jar of vaseline.   Alex watched in  the mirror,
captivated by the  view as the woman dipped  her fingers into the
jar and applied  the jelly to Alex's sensitive  inner pussy lips.
Alex closed her eyes and moaned softly again  as the woman pulled
at her pink  inner lips  to apply  the vaseline.   Next came  the
depilatory creme and as soon as it was applied, the woman  got up
to wait for  it to take effect. Alex just kept staring at herself
getting more and more turned on as  she wondered what it would be
like to have no pubic hair. She  didn't have long to wait to find
out. The  woman returned  after several minutes  and with  a warm
washcloth, removed the creme and  with it, the last covering that
Alex had.   Her  puffed out pussy  lips came  into view  and Alex
blushed as they were revealed. As  soon as the last of the  creme
was gone, the  woman rubbed some pre-warmed oil  into the freshly
smooth pubis.  The sight  her own slit now uncovered for  viewing
made  Alex feel  like  a little  girl.   She  had  never felt  so
submissive and so  helpless. Her handlers  untied her straps  and
pulled her to her feet. Alex's hands moved down  to cover herself
but her wrists were soon  refastened behind her back. They pulled
her forward to the door but for  the first time, Alex felt really
naked.   She was embarrassed that her  smooth pussy would be seen
by anyone.  It made  no sense, but  she balked at  going outside.
The woman  chuckled. "It's the  same for everyone the  first time
Alexis, now get moving." With a smack from the riding crop on her
already sensitive  bottom, Alex jumped  forward and was  moved to
the next building.      Once inside the  large building, she  was
blindfolded again before being led into the next room.  This time
she felt  her hands being  tied in front  of her. A  moment later
what must  have been a  rope was pulling  her wrists straight  up
toward the ceiling.  The rope stopped when she  was stretched up.
Now her legs  were spread wide apart and fastened to the floor so
that she was completely helpless once again. The position had the
rectal plug push slightly deeper into her and Alex tried to shift
to make it move out a little.  Unfortunately, she couldn't really
move at all and  the rectal plug stayed lodged deep  in her body.
Now Alex felt fingers at her breasts  stroking her and she moaned
softly.  She was  so turned on that  she knew that her  pussy was
soaking.  She  could  not see  it  but  her pussy  lips  were now
glistening with her  own juices. The fingers grasped  both of her
nipples  and pulled  on them,  first  gently then  harder.   Alex
jutted her breasts  forward trying to relieve the  tension on her
over-stimulated  nipples.  The  fingers were  relentless  as they
pulled  her  thick  nipples  just  a little  harder.    Alex  was
breathing in  short ragged breaths  by the time her  nipples were
released.  She knew that if this  kept up, she would not be  able
to help having an orgasm right  in front of these strangers.  Now
the fingers returned to her nipples and Alex felt first  one then
the other  being pinched.   She couldn't  decifer the  feeling at
first, then she realized that  her nipples were trapped by nipple
clips. Alex had  never had such devices  used on her but  she had
seen Chuck's pictures  of them. The pinching clips  were attached
to strings  that  were tied  in  front of  her thus  pulling  her
nipples straight  out in front  of her. Alex felt  someone behind
her  who now  moved up  so  that their  body touched  hers.   She
realized that it was a woman and that they  were completely naked
too! The warm breasts of  the woman pressed into Alex's  back and
Alex felt  her reach around  to Alex's pussy. The  woman's gentle
fingers  grasped  her  pussy lips  and  pulled  them  wide apart,
opening Alex's inner pussy up to whoever was in front of her. The
touch of something at Alex's pussy made her jump.  Her whole body
was now just a mass of sensations. What seemed to be the tip of a
dildo nudged itself into Alex's soaking pussy and started  moving
slowly in  and out.   Each stroke brought the  artificial phallus
deeper and Alex found that she was unable to stop moving back and
forth in rhythm to the  penetration. The woman behind her reached
around and took  control of the dildo. Alexis  was moaning openly
now. She knew that with all of this, she wouldn't be able to hold
herself back  any longer.  The  woman pushed the dildo  deep into
Alexis and suddenly the dildo seemed to come alive. The woman had
turned it  on and  it started humming  and vibrating  deep inside
Alexis.  The  anal plug was  also now turned  on and Alexis  felt
herself start  to buck back  and forth, helpless to  stop herself
from thrashing and moaning  at the sensations. Her blindfold  was
pulled from her and  she looked out  to see about fifteen  people
sitting in easy chairs all watching her as she was about to come.
Right  in the front  of the  group was  her boyfriend  Chuck. The
sight of  all of  them was  too much.  With a  cry Alex  felt her
orgasm start  deep in her belly.  She  felt her whole body clench
up.  Her pussy  grabbed the  vibrating  dildo hard  and she  felt
herself thrash backward.  As  her anus clenched up, she  felt the
vibrating butt plug  holding her open. The woman  reached down to
rub Alex's hard protruding clitoris and Alex cried out loud.  The
woman behind her was an expert  and Alex's orgasm seemed to  last
forever.   Wave after wave of it washed  over her.  Just when she
was sure that it was all  over, the woman would touch her  again.
She would pull  at the anal  plug or push  hard at the  vibrating
dildo. Pulling at her hard nipples or sliding a wet finger across
her clit would  have Alexis start all  over again.  It  no longer
mattered to Alexis  that she was on display and  she kept cumming
until  she just couldn't  anymore.  Finally,  exhausted, she felt
the dildo and  the rectal plug being pulled from her.  Her nipple
clips  were removed  and she  felt  her nipples  tingle as  blood
rushed back  into them. The woman behind  her leaned over and put
her mouth right up to Alex's ear.  "I hope you enjoyed your first
day, there's lots more to come."
Alicia's Descent into Submission/Chapter A
Story #55 - A in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

Chapter 1: Alicia is Bound for the First Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     The  alarm  went  off  promptly  at  7 am and from under the
covers  a  hand  snaked  out  to  turn  it  off.    Then,  almost
reluctantly,  the  hand  pushed  the  covers  down  to reveal the
tousled blond hair of a very pretty girl.  Alicia opened her eyes
and stretched.
     "Mmmmmmm, Friday", she said to herself.

     She was  tempted to  just roll over and go back to sleep but
she knew that she had to get right away if she was  going to make
it to  work on time.  Stretching once more like a cat languishing
in a  ray of  sunshine, Alicia  rolled herself  oiut of  bed.  As
usualy, she  had been  sleeping in the nude and so it was a naked
image of herself that greeted her  in the  full length  mirror in
her bedroom.   Alicia reached her hands up toward the ceiling and
watched as her firm  breasts were  pulled upward.   She stretched
right up on tiptoe and then grinned at herself

     "Good morning you sexy devil.  Now get into a shower!"

     The  petite  blond  scuttled  into the bathroom and a moment
later, the sound of the shower could be heard as she began to get
ready  for  work.    By  7:30,  Alicia  was showered and dressed.
Today, she was in a tight leather skirt and a  white silk blouse.
The blouse  was thin  enough that  she could  easily make out the
pattern of the lacy camisole she had put  under it.   Her breasts
were firm  enough that a bra was not required and she rarely wore
one.  Tonight was  her date  with her  boyfriend Jeffrey  and she
knew  she's  probably  not  have  time  to  come  back to change.
Alicia took another  look  at  herself  in  the  mirror  and then
decided on  one last  change.   She quickly  pulled off her skirt
and pantyhose and began digging through her lingerie  drawer.  It
didn't take  long to  find what  she was  looking for.  The black
garter belt and the  seemed  stockings  were  perfect.   "Jeffrey
will love  these." she thought to herself as she pulled the black
leather skirt back up her long  tanned legs.   No  one could tell
that she was wearing stockings instead of pantyhose but she would
know and the thought of the sexy underthings made her shiver with
anticipation.    With  a  glance  at her watch Alicia grabbed her
things and dashed for the door.  The bus was  just pulling  up as
Alicia arrived  at the  busstop.   By 8:30 she was at her desk at
the  Voyager  Insurance   company   where   she   had   been  the
receptionist for  almost a  year now.  The morning passed quickly
and before she knew it, lunch time had arrived.  Alicia picked up
her purse  and headed  downstairs.   As usual, Alicia was meeting
her girlfriend Janet at  the delicatessen  for lunch.   Janet was
already there  by the  time she arrived.  Although Janet was also
very pretty, her looks were a  sharp contrast  to Alicia's.   She
was about  5'7" with  flaming red  hair that  was now curly.  Her
figure was long and lean where Alicia was petite.  Both girls had
great figures.   In fact, Alicia and Janet had met at an aerobics
class two years before  and had  instantly become  close friends.
Janet's most  striking feature  were her  bright green eyes which
were set off by her red hair perfectly.

     "Hi" said Janet as Alicia settled down at the table.   "Boy,
you look  dressed to kill.  Are you planning to take advantage of
Jeffrey tonight?"

     Alicia giggled, "Are you kidding, I  even wore  my 'fuck-me'
pumps. she said, showing off her high-heels.  "They'd better live
up to their name."

     Now it was Janet's turn to giggle. "Is he that good?"

     "Mmmmm", smiled  Alicia,  "last  week  he  spent  almost two
hours giving  me an all-over body massage with warm oil.  When he
had me slippery in every nook and cranny, he went down on  me and
drove me right up the wall!"

     Janet sighed, "I wish I could find a guy that cares about me
like that.  All the dates I get seem to be losers."

     "You'll find somebody." said  Alicia    "You  must  meet all
kinds of men at the clinic."

     Janet worked  at the  local medical  clinic as a nurse.  "Go
out with a patient?  I don't think so."

     The girls chatted over  lunch  before  going  back  to work.
"Have a  good time  tonight" smiled Janet.  Alicia laughed, "I'll
tell you all about it tomorrow.    Jeff  promised  me  a surprise
tonight."

     The afternoon  passed slowly for Alicia.  Her eyes seemed to
stray to the clock on the  wall  every  few  minutes.    At about
4 o'clock Jeffrey called her.

     "Hi sweetheart.  Are you ready for our date?"

     "You bet."  Alicia murmured,  "When do  I find  out about my
surprise?"

     Jeffrey laughed "When it's  time.   Shall I  pick you  up at
your office?"

     "Sure" said Alicia "I'm already dressed to go out."

     "Great I'll see you at 5:30 then."

     At 5:30  exactly, Jeffrey's Mercedes pulled into the Voyager
parking lot.  Alicia jumped in  and they  were soon  on their way
out of town on the freeway.

     "Where are we going?" asked Alicia.

     "To a great little Italian restaurant just out of the city."
replied Jeffrey.

     He reached  out  to  stroke  Alicia's  stockinged  thigh and
Alicia put  her hand  over his.  "I have a surprise for you too."
she said.

     "Oh?" asked Jeffrey.

     Alicia gently pulled Jeff's right hand up her thigh, pushing
back  her  leather  skirt  until  his hand reached the top of her
stocking and was resting on the warm flesh of her upper thigh.

     "Mmmm" said Jeffrey,  raising  his  eyebrows.    "No panties
either?"

     Alicia  felt  his  hand  push  further  up,  toward her lace
panties but she pushed it back down her leg.

     "You'll just have to wait and see."  she said teasingly.

     The restaurant was, as promised, beautiful  and both Jeffrey
and  Alicia  thoroughly  enjoyed  the  fine cuisine.  Alicia kept
asking about her surprise but  Jeffrey  wouldn't  tell  her.   It
would  be  the  most  exciting  thing she had ever experienced he
promised.  His teasing aroused Alicia and by  the time  they were
sipping an after dinner drink, she was both hot and anxious to go
home.

     "So, tell me," said Jeffrey in a low voice, "Are you wearing
panties under that leather skirt?"

     Alicia giggled "Yes" she said "And they're very sexy too."

     Jeffrey smiled.   There  was something about the way that he
looked at her that made Alicia blush.  It was  like he  could see
right through her.

     "Take them off Alicia." he said

     Alicia's eyes  widened a little at the suggestion.  What the
hell, she thought as she pushed herself back from the table.

     "I think I'll go powder my nose." she said while  giving him
a devilish smile.

     Within a  couple of  minutes she  was back.  "All done." she
whispered as she sat back down.  The feeling of being naked under
her skirt  was amazingly  erotic.   It was one of the most daring
things she'd ever done.  It  was to  be far  surpassed before the
evening was over.

     Jeffrey smiled again  "Good girl.  Now give them to me."

     Alicia's  eyes   were  wide   as  she  stared  at  Jeffrey's
outstretched hand.  "Give them  to  me."    He  repeated quietly.
Jeffrey's eyes  never left  hers as  Alicia felt inside her purse
for the pink lace panties.  Crumpling them  up into  a tight ball
in her  fist, she  reached over and gave them to Jeffrey.  Alicia
felt a hot blush  cover her  face as  she realized  that he would
immediately feel that they were damp from her own juices.

     Jeffrey stood up and reached for Alicia with his empty hand.
"Come." he said "It's time to go.   You won't  be needing these."
Alicia watched him reach out and drop her panties on the table as
he pulled her toward the door.  She had never felt so embarrassed
in her  life and yet, at the same time, she had never felt hotter
in her life.  Once out in the  car, Jeffrey  opened her  door for
her and  helped her  into the car.  As soon as she was sitting he
shook his head.

     "No, I want you sitting with your bare  bottom on  the seat.
Lift your skirt until you can do that."

     Alicia felt  herself lifting her skirt as though in a dream.
She had no idea why she was obeying him but  she felt  good about
doing it.   The  cool leather of the seat was shocking to her hot
wet slit.  She  wondered what  other requests  she'd be accepting
before the night was over.

     Jeffrey pulled  the car out onto the freeway and headed back
to the city.   Each car  they passed  made Alicia  feel even more
naked.   Even though she knew they couldn't see into her lap, she
felt as though they  could.   Jeffrey didn't  make it  any easier
when he  pulled her  hands from her lap and made her keep herself
uncovered.   Alicia kept  waiting for  Jeffrey to  reach over and
play with her exposed pussy but he didn't.  It seemed enough that
she had put it on display for him.  It was quite late by the time
Jeffrey's car  pulled into  the car  park of  his condo.  He came
around to her side to open the door and held out his hand to help
her out of the car.  When they got into the elevator, Jeffrey had
another surprise for her.  Alicia looked down to see  him holding
a black silk scarf in his hands.

     "Close your eyes." he said.

     Alicia closed  her eyes  and felt his gentle hands tying the
scarf over her eyes.  The  effect was  immediate.   She had never
felt so  helpless or vulnerable in her life.  What if someone saw
her?  she  wondered.    A  pretty  blond  girl  in  her  sexy and
revealing clothes  wearing a  blindfold.   What would they think?
She heard the elevator doors open and Jeffrey's  grip on  her arm
led her forward into the corridor.  Suddenly Alicia realized that
she didn't even know if this  was Jeffrey's  floor.   What did he
have planned,  she wondered.   Alicia  heard the  sound of a door
being opened and then she was led into the room.   Jeffrey walked
her forward  slowly until  she felt  she was in the middle of the
room.  Jeffrey's hand  left her  and she  heard him  moving a few
feet in front of her.  She was left standing in the middle of the
room wondering what would be next.

     "Take off your blouse Ali."  said Jeffrey

     Alicia reached up  for  the  buttons  on  her  blouse.   She
hesitated  for  a  moment  as  she  thought  occurred to her that
Jeffrey might not even be alone.  With  this blindfold  on, there
might be  a dozen  people in  the room and she'd never know.  She
knew she could just reach up and take  on the  silk blindfold but
for some  reason, she  was more  excited with  it on.   Her hands
trembled a little as  she  unbuttoned  the  first  button  of her
blouse.    Alicia  let  the  white  silk blouse fall to the floor
leaving her in her skirt and camisole.

     "Now the camisole Ali."

     Alicia took a deep breath and then carefully pulled the cami
over her head making sure she didn't dislodge the blindfold.  She
let the lace covering drop on top of her blouse and then felt her
arms  naturally  reach  up  to  cover  her breasts.  Alicia heard
Jeffrey get up out of the chair in front of  her and  move toward
her.   His hands  gently took  hers and  pulled them  up and back
until they were behind her head.   Alicia  obediently clasped her
hands  behind  her  head  and  let  Jeffrey  position  her elbows
slightly further back.  The effect of this position was  not lost
on  Alicia  who  felt  her  breasts  pulling  up  as  though  for
inspection.    Her  nipples  which  were  easily  aroused anyway,
stiffened until  they were  sticking out  to their  full 1/2 inch
length.  For some  strange reason,  this embarrassed  Alicia more
than being  topless and  exposed.  That Jeffrey now knew that she
was aroused seemed to make Ali  feel even  more vulnerable.   She
heard Jeff  move again  to the  easy chair that was a few feet in
front of her.  She went to lower her hands but Jeff stopped her.

     "No, stay like that.  I like you like that."

     Alicia blushed under her blindfold as  she obediently stayed
still, on  display for  her boyfriend.   Finally he let her lower
her arms.  "Now take off your skirt Alicia." he said.

     Ali felt her hands trembling as she pulled the zipper of the
black leather  skirt down her side.  The skirt fell to her ankles
and Alicia stepped out of it.

     "Hands back behind your head, if you please." said Jeff.

     Alicia clasped  her  hands  back  behind  her  head, letting
Jeffrey  enjoy  the  sight  of  her  now  almost naked body.  She
couldn't see herself but she imagined  the sight  and the thought
made  her  even  more  aroused.    Alicia  imagined fantasy after
fantasy of what might  happen next.   She  pictured herself  as a
harem slave  in the desert, positioned to please her master.  She
imagined that there were many people  in the  room, examining her
or that  perhaps, she was a slave girl, on auction to the highest
bidder.  Alicia got so caught up in her thoughts  that she didn't
even hear  Jeff get  up and move toward her.  His touch,  when it
came, had her gasp with surprise.  All of a  sudden, the  tips of
his fingers were rolling her tight nipples, squeezing gently.

     "Are you ready for an adventure?" he whispered

     "Oh yes" breathed Alicia

     "Good" said Jeff "Will you obey my instructions?"

     Alicia swallowed "Yes Sir" she said.

     Jeffrey smiled  at the  reply.   "Lower your  arms" he said.
Alicia felt his hands take hers and lead her forward again.  This
time, the  route seemed  to take  them toward  the bedroom.  Once
inside the room, Jeffrey paused for a moment and then Alicia felt
an unusual sensation.  Jeff was putting a wrist band of some kind
around her wrists.  They seemed  soft and  comfortable but strong
at the same time.  The straps were about two inches wide and Jeff
fastened them snugly around each  wrist.    Ali  felt  her wrists
pulled toward  Jeff again  and then  she heard  a clicking sound.
The sound must have  been a  clip of  some kind  because now, she
could feel that her wrists were attached together.

     Jeffrey moved  the petite  blond over  to the bed and gently
lay her on her back.  Alicia felt  her hands  being pulled toward
the head  of the  bed and  then another  click fastened them to a
rope or  strap of  some kind  at the  headboard.   Alicia was now
blindfolded, naked  and bound  and she had never been more turned
on in her life.  She  felt Jeff's  hands trail  down her ribcage,
move across  her belly and then down along her stockinged thighs.
Alicia let her knees fall open  for him,  hoping that  he'd touch
her there next but he did not.

     The teasing  went on  for awhile.  First her belly, then the
inside of her thighs, then up to her breasts to  tug at  the rock
hard nipples.   Alicia  started to  moan.   She was dying to have
Jeff take her but still he did not.

     "Oh God..." she said, "I am so hot.  Fuck me."

     "Beg me like a little slave girl." whispered Jeff.

     By this time Alicia was willing to do anything if  only Jeff
would let her come.

     "Oh   please,   please   touch   me,  please  let  me  come,
Pleeeeaaaaassseee."

     Jeff hands slid lower until his fingertips were touching her
soaking pussy  lips.   Very, very  slowly he grasped the edges of
her pink inner lips and pulled  them  toward  him  and  then wide
apart, leaving her pussy and clit open and exposed.

     Alicia felt  Jeff's hot  breath at her pussy a moment before
his tongue.  The tip of Jeff's tongue touched the tip of her clit
and Ali  jumped as though she'd had an electric shock.  She cried
out  and moaned as he sucked her into her  mouth and  then lashed
his tongue  back and  forth across  her over-stimulated clitoris.
Alicia could not last long with this kind of treatment.  She felt
the beginnings  of an  orgasm start deep inside her belly and her
feet pushed her  pussy  up  into  her  boyfriend.    Jeff's hands
reached up  along her  side and each grasped one of her elongated
nipples between thumb and forefinger.   He pulled  them up slowly
but strongly  until Alicia  felt her  breasts being pulled by the
nipples up.  The sensation was too much for her.   She  cried out
again and  again as  her whole  body contracted in a huge orgasm.
She felt herself as though from a distance  tugging helplessly at
her bonds  as Jeff's  tongue slid  up and down and across her hot
and hard clit.  Just when she was  sure that  it was  over, a new
wave would  crash over her and she'd come all over again.  It was
an eternity of pleasure.   Finally,  it  was  over.    Alicia was
covered in  sweat and  her own juices.  She was limp.  She had no
strength left to move.  She felt Jeffrey undoing the wrist straps
and finally her blindfold.  She looked up into his deep blue eyes
and smiled.

     "That was the best.  The best ever.  No one has ever made me
come like that."

     Jeffrey smiled  back at  her.   "Would you like to have more
adventures like that one?"

     "Are you kidding?  Of course"

     "Do you understand that you'd have to obey me.   I might ask
more of  you than  you expect  to give.   You'll have to trust me
absolutely."

     "I trust you and I'll.... obey you." she said finally.

     "Good girl." said Jeff "Now go to sleep.  There will be many
more adventures to come starting tomorrow."


Alicia's Descent into Submission/Chapter B
Story #55-B in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

Chapter 2: Alicia submits to Jeffrey
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     It had been  almost a month since Alicia's  first foray into
the exciting world of dominance and submission and she had
Jeffrey had enjoyed adventure after  adventure.  Alicia had found
a whole new level  of excitement in surrendering  herself totally
to her  lover's desires.   Just  putting on a  blindfold was  now
enough  to cause  her pussy  to  literally drip  with excitement.
Jeffrey had tied  Alicia in a number of  different positions each
more exposing than  the last.  She had enjoyed being bound to her
bed on her back with her hands fastened to the headboard  and her
ankles spread  to the bottom  corners.  A  variation on this  had
Jeffrey bend her knees and tied  them wide apart to the sides  of
the bed thus opening her slit wide apart.
     One  night  Jeffrey had  blindfolded  her and  had  tied her
standing with  her hands pulled  toward the ceiling.   Her ankles
were also tied wide apart.  It had been her favorite  position so
far.   Standing there with  her breasts pointing proudly forward,
she had imagined herself  on display as though at a slave auction
from a  bygone era.   Jeffrey had  left her  like that  for quite
awhile and had  brought all  of her  senses to a  fever pitch  by
slowly and gently rubbing warm oil over her entire helpless body.
He had finally  taken her, still standing, until  they both cried
out in orgasm.   Alicia had come so powerfully that  she had hung
weakly in her  bonds, quivering as tears streamed  down her face.
Last weekend, Jeffrey had put her in what was, by far, the
position that Alicia felt most  vulnerable in.  On Saturday night
at his home,  Jeffrey had blindfolded her and  then undressed her
completely.   He led her into the living  room until she felt the
cold leather  of the  back of  his easy  chair touch her  thighs.
Jeffrey had attached  the, by now familiar, straps  to her wrists
and then gently pushed her forward until she was bent double with
her head touching the  seat.  Jeffrey had tied her  wrists to the
forward arms of the  chair and then spread her  feet and fastened
her ankles wide apart.  He had left her like that for a long time
before finally  touching her and  by the  time he did  Alicia was
soaked.  She had imagined what she must look like from her
boyfriend's vantage point.  Her  long tanned legs were  stretched
tight down  and wide  apart.  Alicia  could feel  a faint  breeze
between her  opened thighs  and knew that  Jeffrey had  a perfect
view of her blond pussy from behind.   She was sure that he would
be able  to see her  juices on her  puffed out slit.   Alicia had
pictured  herself in  Jeffrey's position  and  realized that  her
bottom was stretched  tight across the leather chair  and the her
buttocks were opened  wide apart exposing her anus.   Alicia felt
herself  tremble as  he wondered if Jeffrey planned to touch  her
there.
     Alicia had always considered that  part of her anatomy to be
private and had never let any of her lovers touch her there.  She
was somehow  embarrassed when even  she touched her herself.   It
was kind of naughty to finger her  bottom but whenever she did it
was the most  exciting thing ever.  Now, here she was, bent over,
helplessly exposing her bottom to her lover.  Jeffrey's hands had
finally touched her.  Starting at her ankles and trailing up  the
backs of her calves to her knees and then up along the insides of
her thighs to her blond bush now wet with her own juices.  Alicia
shivered with  delight as  she remembered  how Jeffrey's  fingers
slid down from the small  of her back through the valley  between
her buttocks.   Alicia had gasped as  his fingers had crossed the
sensitive opening of her  anus.  Alicia still wasn't  sure if she
was disappointed or thankful that  he hadn't lingered there.  The
sex that night, with Jeffrey taking  her while she was still bent
over the chair, was the best ever.
     That  had been  last Saturday  and now,  here it  was Friday
morning and  Alicia hadn't seen  Jeffrey since.  Each  night when
they talked, Jeffrey promised to outdo himself next time.

     "When?" had asked Alicia

     "When it's time." had said Jeffrey with a smile.

     Alicia had waited anxiously each night  for Jeffrey to start
an 'adventure' but each night their talk was pleasant but
decidedly asexual.
     Alicia was getting ready for work when the phone rang.

     "Hi." said Jeff "Are you ready for an adventure?"

     Alicia giggled "Yes Sir"

     "Good girl." said Jeffrey "Have you dressed for work yet?"

     "Not yet." replied Alicia

     "Okay  I want you to dress in a short white skirt.  Wear the
pleated one  that goes about  half-way to your  knees.   Wear the
pale  blue cotton blouse with it.  Pick  out a pair of heels too.
Oh, and there's to be no  other clothing; no panties, no bra,  no
stockings, nothing.  Plan  to spend your lunch hour at my office.
Take a cab so that you're there by 12:15.  Any questions?"

     "No."

     "Good.  See you later then."

     Alicia pulled the  clothes Jeffrey had asked for  out of the
closet and jumped into a quick shower.  As she dressed, she could
feel her excitement  building.  She was sure she'd be soaking wet
by lunchtime.  'What would he do to her this time?' she wondered,
'Would he tie her up in his office?'
     What excited Alicia most is that she had no  idea what would
be demanded of her  just that she  would have to  obey him.   The
morning at work seemed interminable.   Alicia kept looking at the
clock and  willing it  to go  faster.   Finally noon arrived  and
Alicia was out of  the building and into a waiting  cab by 12:01.
During the 10 minute ride  she thought over and over again  about
what might  happen.  She felt her  heat rise as possibility after
possibility ran  through her  mind.  Alicia  paid the  driver and
hurried into  the tall office  building where Jeffrey worked.   A
few  moments later,  Ali exited  an elevator  on the  18th floor.
Jeffrey's  office was  down the  corridor.   Alicia  took a  deep
breath before opening the door and walking in.

     As usual,  Jeffrey's receptionist  Kathy was  in the  lobby.
Kathy and  Alicia had met a number of times.  Kathy smiled as she
walked in.

     "Hello Alicia.  Jeffrey said to give this to you and to have
you wait for him in his office."

     The pretty young receptionist handed Alicia a large
envelope.   Alicia looked  down and saw  the word  'Instructions'
printed on the envelope in  Jeffrey's handwriting.  She looked up
to see a  knowing smile on Kathy's  face.  Alicia blushed  a deep
red in embarrassment as she realized that Kathy now knew that she
was submissive.

     Alicia quickly  moved  into Jeffrey's  spacious  office  and
closed  the door  behind her with  a sigh  of relief.   Jeffrey's
office  was luxuriously furnished.  His large oak desk was at one
end.   At the other end was  a small conference table and a small
sofa.  The office was covered with wall to wall carpeting.
Alicia sat down at the  conference table and opened the envelope.
Inside  was a  black  silk scarf  and a  letter.   Alicia's heart
quickened as she picked up the note.

     Jeffrey's instructions were simple and to the point.  Alicia
was to  remove all of  her clothes  immediately.  She  would then
stand in  the middle of the room and  put on the blindfold.  Then
she was to stand with her feet apart and her hands clasped behind
her head until she was given further instructions.

     Alicia's  face  was flushed  by  the time  she  finished the
letter.  Just the idea of taking off all of her clothes in
Jeffrey's office was terrifying but to do so in the middle of the
day with  Kathy right  outside the door,  that was  even scarier.
Alicia was pretty sure it would be Jeffrey who would come in, but
there was not even a guarantee of  that.  As Alicia stood up  she
realized that, as  scary as  these instructions  were, they  were
also exciting.  She felt her pussy tingling with her own juices.

     Alicia's hands shook  slightly as she undid the first button
of her blouse.  It only took a moment before the blouse and skirt
tumbled to the  floor leaving Alicia completely nude.   She moved
to the  center of the  room and carefully  put on the  blindfold.
Instantly Alicia's hearing  doubled in sensitivity.   She clasped
her hands behind her head and waited for someone to come in.  Her
ears strained to  identify the sounds outside  of the door.   The
wait was  only a couple  of minutes but  it seemed like  an hour.
Each time Alicia heard  Kathy move around  out in the lobby,  she
would hold her breath and pray she wouldn't wander in with a memo
or something.

     The sound of the door opening finally came.  Alicia felt her
whole  body tense.   It seemed  to take  forever for the  door to
close  and all that time Alicia knew she was perfectly visible to
whoever might be  looking in from  the lobby.   Alicia let out  a
small sigh of relief when it finally closed.

     Was it Jeffrey who was now in the room?  Even if it was, did
he come  in alone?   Alicia listened  intently as  someone slowly
walked all around her.  She felt her nipples betraying her
excitement  as they  stood to  attention  under the  gaze of  her
admirer.  Very lightly,  fingertips touched the underside of  her
breast  and slid upward  to her now  tight nipples.   The fingers
left her  and then touched her again,  this time sliding from the
small of her back, tracing the crack between her buttocks.
Alicia let out  a breath that she  realized she had  been holding
for  ages.   The fingertips  touched  here and  there, each  time
making Alicia  hotter and  wetter.   Finally she  heard Jeffrey's
voice.

     "You're awfully hot, my little sex slave."

     "Oh God... you have no idea." replied Alicia

     Jeffrey's  fingers moved up  and grasped Alicia  left nipple
firmly.   With a small tug, he pulled Alicia forward.  She had no
choice but to follow him.   In tiny steps, Alicia let herself  be
led forward, the tugging on her nipples guiding her forward until
she  felt the  cool sensation  of Jeffrey's  leather seat  on her
thighs.   From the  height Alicia guessed  that she  was standing
directly behind  the sofa facing  forward.  The fingers  left her
nipples and moved upward to grasp her wrists.

     Her wrists  were pulled  forward until  Alicia felt  herself
being pulled down  across the back of the sofa.  She bent forward
until her head rested  on the sofa back.   Leather straps  around
her wrists fastened her hands pulling forward toward the front of
the sofa.  Her now sensitive nipples just touched the cool
leather of the sofa back.

     Alicia  heard Jeffrey  walk behind  her and felt  him attach
leather straps to  her ankles also.  Her feet  were pulled gently
wide apart until  her hips rested  fully at the  top of the  sofa
back.   Her feet were  also fastened in this  position.  Alicia's
breathing had quickened  during the whole procedure and  she knew
she was soaking wet with  excitement.  She imagined the  scene as
it must appear for Jeffrey.  There she was, bent over the back of
his leather  sofa, her  legs spread and  her bottom  pulled tight
from the position  she was in.   She knew  that from his  vantage
point he had a  perfect view of her pussy from the rear.  She was
sure that with all  the excitement her pussy lips  must be puffed
out and swollen.  She tried to imagine the view from the rear and
realized  suddenly that her anus must  be perfectly exposed also.
That part of her  that was so private was now  completely exposed
to Jeffrey  once again.   She knew that  Jeffrey was  standing or
sitting right behind  her, enjoying the view.   She wondered what
he would do next.

     Jeffrey moved closer  to Alicia.  She felt  his hands stroke
gently  upward and come  to rest with  one on each  buttock.  His
thumbs slid slowly inward then gently  pried Alicia's bottom wide
open stretching her anus tight.  Alicia had never been so
embarrassed.  She tried to clench her cheeks but in this
bent-over  position it was impossible.   She felt Jeffrey blowing
gently across  her sensitive  anus and  shivered as  she wondered
what he  might do to  her.  Jeffrey held  her like that  for what
seemed ages before  letting go.  She  heard him walk over  to his
desk and then the sound of a jar or container opening.  Jeffrey's
footsteps moved  back behind  Alicia and she  held her  breath in
anticipation.

     The touch of  Jeffrey's fingertip directly on the  center of
Alicia's  anus was cold.  Alicia gasped.  Jeffrey had covered his
finger in vaseline  and now he teased her  rear opening, circling
the center  slowly.  Alicia  held her breath again,  knowing what
must  come next.   Jeffrey's  penetration  of her  bottom came  a
fraction of an inch  at a time.   In and out, each push  a little
deeper until  finally his  finger was embedded  in her  fully and
Alicia was gasping with excitement.

     Jeffrey chuckled  "You like that  do you?" he asked.   "Well
you're going to like it more because as soon as I get home
tonight I'm going to take your anal cherry.  Between now and then
I'm going to  leave your bottom slippery  for me and you  are not
going to touch yourself.

     "You're to be home by 5:30 and when you get in I want you to
strip completely and go to the  bedroom.  You're going to put  on
the blindfold and get on the bed.  I want you on your knees  with
your ass facing  the doorway.   You'll   spread  your knees  wide
apart then bend over until your head touches the bedspread.  Then
I want you to reach back and hold your buttocks wide apart for my
inspection.   You'll stay like  that until you're told otherwise.
Now, do you understand all your instructions?"

     All this time  Jeffrey's finger had  been sliding gently  in
and  out of  Alicia's tight  bottom, twisting  slowly as  it did.
Alicia's  voice  trembled  with excitement  as  she  answered her
lover.

     "Oh yes."

     "Yes what?" asked Jeffrey softly

     "Yes Sir" replied Alicia

     Jeffrey's finger pulled slowly from Alicia's upturned bottom
and despite  herself, Ali felt  her anal muscles pulling  to hold
him  in.  A few  quick moments later  Alicia found herself untied
and the blindfold removed.  Jeffrey was smiling at her.

     "Now put on your dress and get back to the office.  Remember
what's going to happen tonight."

     "How  can I  forget?" grinned  Alicia as  she pulled  on her
dress.

     As she left the office,  Kathy smiled knowingly at her again
and Alicia felt the heat of her embarrassment rise to her face.

     The afternoon at the office was a write-off.  Alicia
couldn't keep her  mind on anything but the  feeling of Jeffrey's
finger in her bottom and the thought of what awaited her at home.

     Alicia made fast time getting home and arrived by 5:30.  Not
wanting to  wait, she quickly  stripped off her clothes  and hung
them up.  With a quick look  at her watch, she figured she  could
spend 5  minutes in a shower and did so.  By 5:30 exactly, Alicia
was in her bedroom,  naked and on the bed.   She got herself into
position and put on  the blindfold.  As  usual the blindfold  had
her get even  more excited.  Spreading her knees  wide apart, she
bent over and  rested her head on  the bed.  Alicia  reached back
and grasped her  buttocks and pulled  them open.   She felt  even
more vulnerable than she  had at the office.  Just  the idea that
she was  holding herself  open in this  obscene position  for her
lover to  'inspect' her was the  most naughty thing she  had ever
done.

     Alicia didn't have to wait long.  After about 5 minutes  she
heard the front  door open.  The  door closed after a  moment and
she waited for her lover to  come into her room to discover  her.
She felt her anticipation build.  What would happen? she
wondered.  Where would he touch her  first?  The thoughts of what
might happen next ran through her mind as fast as she could think
of them.  She knew her pussy was now soaking wet.  She could feel
each slight draft of  air as it passed over her  wetness.  Alicia
strained her ears  trying to hear the sounds  of Jeffrey entering
her room.   Each minute seemed  like hours  and all Alicia  could
hear was the sound of her own heartbeat racing a mile-a-minute.

     The  touch directly  at the  center of  Alicia's anus  was a
shock and  surprise.  She gasped out loud  as the tip of a finger
circled the  center of her  rosebud.   It was cold  and slippery.
Alicia  was sure it  was covered with  even more  lubricant.  The
finger moved in a  minute circular motion, teasing  the sensitive
opening.   It only took a moment and Alicia's bottom began moving
with the motion of the finger, undulating almost obscenely
despite herself.  The finger paused for a moment, waiting
directly in the center of the opening and Alicia held her breath.
It was as though time was suspended, waiting for the next
movement.   When it  came, a  moment later,  it was  a long  firm
movement.  Jeffrey's  forefinger slid fully into  Alicia's bottom
until it was embedded  to the third knuckle.   Alicia gasped  and
arched her back  at the sensation of his  finger penetrating her.
The  finger pulled out  slowly only to  be thrust  back in again.
Alicia couldn't believe  the sensations.  She had  never imagined
she could get  so hot from  being touched there.   Her pussy  was
soaking wet and burning hot.  Again Jeffrey's finger withdrew and
then plunged  into her.  This time  Alicia couldn't stifle a moan
at the feeling.

     The finger pulled from her slowly and Jeffrey felt  Alicia's
anal muscles pull  in a vain  attempt to  keep his finger  inside
her.   Jeffrey smiled as he  watched her sphincter clench down on
him.  Her breathing was coming in short ragged breaths now and he
knew that if he kept up  the violation of her bottom any  longer,
she would come from that sensation alone.

     Alicia  whimpered  softly  as his  finger  pulled  from her.
Alicia  waited, her  back arched  slightly.   She  knew that  the
position left her bottom pushed up and in her submissive
position, she  imagined how she  must look, her bottom  and pussy
offered from  behind to her  dominant lover.  She  waited quietly
for whatever Jeffrey had planned next.   She did not have to wait
long.   Jeffrey's  fingers  began sliding  up  her thigh,  moving
slowly  closer and closer  to her wetness.   He cupped  her mound
gently with one hand and began stroking her pussy lips
lengthwise. Alicia waited  for him to take her  there but Jeffrey
had other  plans.  One  finger began  stroking the length  of her
slit, moving  her juices  up  and across  her engorged  clitoris.
Alicia moaned  at the  feeling.  Suddenly,  Alicia felt  her anus
being touched again.   The feeling was cold,  lubricant again she
guessed.  The  object at her  rear passage was  not a finger  she
quickly realized it was too hard.  What was it?

     The plastic plug pushed slowly into her, opening her already
slippery bottom.  As the plug was inserted, Alicia felt it
getting wider  and  wider.   Her breathing  became ragged,  short
sharp breaths as the plastic intruder violated her rectum.
Suddenly the widest  part pushed past her sphincter  and the plug
became very  narrow quickly.   Her muscles pulled the  plastic up
into her, filling her bottom with it.  The narrowest  portion was
kept from  being pulled  in by  a  T-handle that  was now  lodged
against her  anus.  This meant that her  anus was also kept open.
Alicia felt  her stomach muscles  ripple in the beginnings  of an
orgasm and her anus clamped down  hard on the plastic plug.   All
it would take would be one tiny movement of the plug or Jeffrey's
finger on her  clit and she  would be over  the edge but  Jeffrey
wouldn't let her yet.

     "Oh Please." whimpered Alicia.

     "Please what?" grinned Jeffrey.

     "Please let me come."

     "When I'm ready.  Now be a good little girl for me and don't
move until I tell you."

     "Yes Sir" whispered Alicia as she concentrated on not
coming.

     Jeffrey  moved  back and  sat  down, enjoying  the  sight of
Alicia's quivering body  as she tried to keep  herself from going
over the edge.  He was sure she'd never been more sexually
stimulated in  her life.   He  waited until  she had  calmed down
somewhat before getting up again.

     Alicia felt  she was  now more under  control but  the first
touch of Jeffrey  on the plastic plug in her bottom was as though
it was  an electric  shock!   She cried  out at  the feeling  and
arched her back again as he twisted it slowly inside of her.  His
fingers grasped the plug and moved it in and out in minute
movements.  Jeffrey started to pull the plug from her and  Alicia
thought she would faint.  Her pussy gushed more of her juices and
she knew that  her thighs  were soaked with  them.  She  couldn't
stop moaning and whimpering as  the object was slowly pulled from
her  and she  felt her  sphincter  grasp at  it despite  herself.
Alicia's face was beet red both from excitement and the
humiliation  of so exposing herself to her lover.  A moment later
the plug was pulled all the way out leaving Alicia trembling.

     "Alicia, do you want something now?" asked Jeffrey.

     "Oh God do I ever!" said Alicia, "Please do it Jeff."

     Jeffrey smiled down at her upturned bottom.  "And what would
you like me to do?"

     Alicia blushed "You know."

     "No I don't."

     "F-f-f-fuck me." she  stammered embarrassed  by even  saying
the word.

     "And where  would you like me to fuck you?" asked Jeffrey in
a soft voice.

     Alicia hesitated  then replied in  a tiny  voice she  barely
recognized as her own.  "In my bottom."

     Jeffrey moved  forward until the  head of his cock  was just
touching her anus.   He was well lubricated  already and Alicia's
bottom  was, of  course, completely  slippery.   Alicia held  her
breath, waiting for him to push  forward.  Jeffrey waited a  long
moment until  she started to  relax then  pushed the head  of his
cock into her.  Alicia gasped.  He was in!  She had never thought
it would be so easy and so,  so hot!  Jeffrey held himself  there
for a moment but  Alicia pushed backward, wanting all of  him.  A
moment later he was buried in her to the hilt.

     Alicia's body was a riot  of sensations, her pussy was still
soaking  wet and her  clit was quivering.   Her  nipples had been
hard since she arrived and now they were so hard they ached.  The
blindfold seemed  to center her attention completely  on what was
being done to her.

     Jeffrey started to move slowly in and out and Alicia started
to rock  with the rhythm.   Alicia was getting  closer and closer
and  Jeffrey knew he was  too.  Her bottom  was very tight and so
hot that he had to  control himself from just spurting  inside of
her.  Alicia heard Jeffrey's  breath getting shorter and she knew
he'd come soon  just like her.  Their movements  were quicker and
deeper now.  It was only a moment before they wouldn't be able to
hold  back anymore.   Suddenly  Jeffrey paused, leaving  only the
head of his cock inside of her.  Alicia moaned in frustration and
tried vainly to push back on him.

     "Ali," he  gasped, "do you know what I'm  going to do to you
tomorrow?"

     "MMmmmmm," she  moaned, "Anything,  you can  do anything  to
me."

     "I'm going to shave your  pussy bald and I'm going to  spank
your bottom just like a little girl."  said Jeffrey

     "Oh!" cried Alicia.   The thought of doing that was too much
and Alicia felt herself tumbling beyond any possibility of
holding  back.   Her orgasm started  to rush  in on her  from all
sides and  as it did,  Jeffrey plunged  back into  her fully  and
deeply.  Alicia  cried out and felt her  rectum squeeze her lover
tight.   That was all  it took for  Jeffrey and he  felt his jism
rush up from his balls and shoot deep into Alicia's bowels as she
thrust herself hard back onto him.

     The orgasm seemed to go on forever cascading over them again
and again until they slid, exhausted onto the sheets of the bed.
Lying there, in a warm afterglow, Alicia pulled off the blindfold
and  looked over at Jeffrey.   "I meant  it.", she murmured, "You
can do anything to me."

     Jeffrey chuckled as he held  the beautiful girl in his arms.
"I  meant it before." he said,  "Tomorrow, I'm going to have your
pussy be smooth  as a little girl's  and then I'm going  to spank
your bottom until it's hot for me."

     "Mmmmmm"  said Alicia, "That  will be the hottest thing I've
ever done."

     "It's just the beginning." said Jeffrey, "We're going to  be
more outrageous and exciting than you ever imagined."

     "So long as it's with  you." murmured Alicia as she snuggled
back into her lover's body and fell into a well-deserved sleep.
A First Meeting with Master Chris
Story #56 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

-    We meet  in a  hotel.  I have checked in already.  You check
     into your own room.

-    We are to meet in the restaurant at exactly 6pm.  I  will be
     there  already.    I  give  you  my  description so you will
     recognize me.   You  are to  wear a  light dress, preferably
     backless.   The hemline  is to  be above  your knees and the
     skirt should not be too tight.  You are to  wear panties but
     no bra.   Also  no stockings  or pantyhose.  Heels completes
     the outfit.

-    You find me right away in the hotel  restaurant.   We have a
     leisurely  supper  and  spend  the time getting to know each
     other.  We have just ordered  coffee when  I ask  if you are
     ready for  an 'adventure'.   You say you are.  I tell you to
     remove your panties and to put them on  the table.   You are
     embarrassed but  you do so.  In the dimly lit restaurant, no
     one notices you removing them.

-    We finish our coffee with the panties on the table.   I hand
     you an envelope and my room key (I have two).  I tell you to
     go to my room and  follow  the  instructions  in  the letter
     exactly.

-    You go  to the room and open the envelope.  It instructs you
     to  strip  completely.    You  do  so  feeling  strange  and
     vulnerable being  naked like this.  The letter instructs you
     to put on the blindfold that is on  the table  then to kneel
     on the  floor facing  the door.   You  knees are  to be wide
     apart.  You are  to clasp  your hands  behind your  head and
     push your  elbows well  back.  You are to wait like that for
     my arrival.

-    You wait only several minutes before you hear the door open.
     You hope  it is me.  I leave you in suspense for a couple of
     minutes as I walk around  you  just  looking  at  your body.
     Then you  hear my voice.  You are relieved that it is really
     me.    I  ask  if  you'll  be  a  good  girl  and  obey your
     instructions.  You answer that you will.

-    You feel  my fingertips  touch you  at your  elbows and then
     slide down your arms to your sides then up the sides of your
     breasts to  your nipples  which are  now rock-hard.  I grasp
     your nipples and twist  them gently  first one  way then the
     other.   You feel  my fingers  pinching tighter then tighter
     until you  whimper softly  from the  pressure.   I pull your
     breasts upward by the nipples before letting go.

-    I instruct  you to lean forward and put your forehead to the
     floor.  You do so, leaving your naked ass pushed up.  I tell
     you to  reach back and spread your buttocks wide apart.  You
     have never felt so exposed.  I take  a seat  directly behind
     you, enjoying  the perfect  view of your anus and your pussy
     beneath it.

-    You feel my fingers touch between  your legs  and then slide
     up along  your slit,  testing its  wetness.  You are soaked.
     The finger slides forward,  covering your  clit in  your own
     juices.   You start  to move  your hips,  trying to get more
     pressure on your clit but the fingers leave you.

-    You hear the sound of a jar of some kind being opened.   You
     feel  a  cool  fingertip  touch  your  anus.  It circles the
     opening teasingly then dips inside slightly.   The fingertip
     rests on  the direct  center of  your anus for a moment then
     slowly pushes in,  penetrating  your  rectum  and continuing
     until the  finger is completely embedded in you.  The finger
     pulls  out  and  re-enters  you,  continuing  until  you are
     lubricated you completely.

-    The finger  is removed  and the tip of a small plug replaces
     it.  The plug gets wider  as it  is pushed  in and  you feel
     yourself being  opened.   Finally the widest part enters you
     and you feel your muscles pulling  the narrow  end into you.
     The  wide  base  keeps  the plug from disappearing into your
     body but keeps your anus held open on  it to  a width  of my
     finger.

-    My hand  again checks  your wetness  and finds you even more
     excited.

-    You are asked if you've been a naughty  girl for  getting so
     excited.  You reply that you have in a meek voice.  I askyou
     what happens to naughty little girls.   You  reply that they
     are spanked.   I  ask if you are ready for your punishement.
     You say that you are.

-    I have you get up and bend over my knee.  I  spank you first
     with my  hand until  your bottom  is warm  and pink.  Then I
     have you go to the table and fetch  the paddle.   You  do so
     and return over my knee.  The paddling is slow and builds in
     intensity until your bottom is burning hot.

-    I pull out the plug.  You feel two fingers of my  right hand
     enter your  vagina and  my thumb  press into  your anus.  My
     right hand now holds you captive by your two lower orifices.
     My  left  hand  continues  witha gentle spanking on your now
     tender bottom while my right hand moves in  and out  of you.
     You feel  one finger  now begin to rub your clitoris and you
     begin an incredible orgasm

-    Later that  evening, you  will be  told to  shave your pubic
     hair completely  to keep your pussy lips on display for your
     Master.  You will  bound in  a number  of exposing positions
     while  I  take  photographs  and  while  bound  you  will be
     instructed to  bring your Master to orgasm.
An Evening with my Mistress
Story #57 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

-    As  expected  I  arrive  at  an  address in your hometown at
     7:00pm.  I ring the door and you answer.  You give  me a big
     smile and  let me  in the door.  A quick hug and a kiss then
     you ask if I'm ready for my adventure.  I tell you yes.  You
     close the  door and  tell me to strip completely right there
     in the foyer.  I do so.

-    You pick up a collar and leash and attach the  collar around
     my neck.  You fasten my hands behind my back with handcuffs.

-    You take the end of the leash and  lead me  further into the
     house.   We go  down a  corridor, turn the corner and into a
     brightly lit living room.  There  are 4  other women sitting
     there.  The women range in age from mid-20's to mid-40's and
     are all fairly attractive.

-    I blush deep red but  have  no  choice  but  to  follow your
     instructions.  You have me lie down on my back on the coffee
     table in the middle of the room.  My hands  are uncuffed and
     tied over my head and down to the table legs.  My ankles are
     similarly tied  to the table legs at the bottom.

-    The women  don't touch  me, they  simply comment  on my body
     which I find even more embarrassing.  You are no help as you
     describe in intimate detail the things you have subjected me
     to.

-    One of  the women  brings out a long red ribbon and ties the
     end of it around my very erect cock.

-    From time to time, one of the women will reach  over and tug
     at the  ribbon or tease my body.  Finally you tell the women
     it is time for  my spanking.   I  am untied  and led  by the
     ribbon over  to one  of the  women.  It is the oldest of the
     women.  She chuckles and tells her friends  that it  is just
     like her  children.   She pulls me over her knee.  She takes
     her time about positioning me exactly.  I feel her  hand run
     up between  my legs  and she  prys them  apart.  I know that
     she and the others can now see my  ass as  well as  my balls
     from behind.

-    She begins  to spank  me with her hand and she does so quite
     hard.  When she is finished several minutes later, my bottom
     is hot and pink all over.

-    I am told to go and stand in the corner like the naughty boy
     I am.

-    A few minutes later, I feel someone take hold of  the ribbon
     and I  am led  back to  the group for a spanking by the next
     woman.  This girl is quite young and I am  embarrassed to be
     naked in  front of  her.   She also  gives me  a spanking by
     hand.  When she is finished  I expect  to be  pulled up, but
     she  keeps  me  over  her  knee  for  awhile stroking my hot
     bottom.  Before  letting  me  up  I  feel  her  pry  open my
     buttocks for  a view  of my anus.  She looks for a minute or
     two then lets me up.

-    I am led to the next woman for  my spanking.   She positions
     me  over  her  knee.    I  hear you give the woman something
     telling her she might want to use it?  I try to  look around
     but can't  see what it is.  The woman gives my bottom a hard
     smack and tells me to look at the floor.

-    I feel her also pry  open  my  buttocks  but  this  time her
     finger penetrates  me.   It is obviosly covered in lubricant
     as it is cold and quite slippery.   She has  narrow but very
     long fingers  and I  can feel  my toes  curling whenever she
     penetrates deeply.  Everyone else looks on fascinated as her
     finger moves  in and  out of my upturned bottom in long deep
     strokes.

-    Her finger pulls out and in  almost the  same moment  I feel
     her begin  to spank  my already hot bottom.  She spanks very
     hard and I feel a tear trickle down  one cheek  before she's
     done.   When she's  finished she also keeps me over her knee
     and rubs my bottom.  Just before she lets me  up, I  feel my
     buttocks being  parted again as she finishes her lubrication
     of my bottom.

-    You  lead  me  over  to  the  fourth  woman   again  by  the
     embarrassing ribbon  around my  cock.   I look up to see the
     fourth woman holding a butt plug  and  I  know  where  it is
     destined to end up.  You give my cock a quick squeeze before
     I am pulled over the fourth  woman's  lap.    A  few moments
     later,  she  is  nudging  the  tip  of the plug into me.  It
     starts  off  quite  narrow  but  then  becomes  thicker  and
     thicker.   She works  it in slowly, sliding in and out, each
     stroke a little deeper until finally, with one long push the
     whole plug  is pushed  into me.   I  whimper slightly as the
     thickest part pushes past my sphincter.

-    Now that I feel impaled, the fourth woman's spanking begins.
     It is  fast and  furious and  leaves my bottom a hot red and
     tears trickling down my face.  Once it is finished, I am led
     back to the coffee table and fastened on my back.  This time
     my hands are tied above my head to the legs as before but my
     knees are  tied back  and wide  apart thus leaving my crotch
     and impaled anus on full view to the women.

-    The women discuss how exciting it  was for  them to  spank a
     grown man and the two women who played with my anus tell the
     first two how wonderful it is to do that.  One of  the first
     women leans  forward and teases the plug embedded deep in my
     body.  I squirm as she pulls at it and  twists it  a little.
     She remarks  how sensitive  I seem to be there and gives the
     plug a long twist before sitting back in her seat.

-    You remark how a good slave should be satisfying and  ask if
     any  of  the  women  would  like to partake.  One woman, the
     fourth one, says she will but  invites you  to go  first.  I
     can't figure  out what  you mean  until I  see you hike your
     skirt up to your waist and  stradle the  table so  that your
     shaved pussy  is directly over my face.   I dutifully extend
     my tongue and lick your  clit  and  pussy  lips.    You move
     forward and tell me to lick your anus.  I have no choice and
     lick you from back to front.  I pause at  your anus  to push
     the tip  of my tongue into you.  You are already soaking wet
     and it does not  take  long  before  you  are  shuddering in
     orgasm.

-    The fourth  woman is next and lifts her skirt and pulls down
     her panties.  She has a blond pussy  that is  neatly trimmed
     and I  lick her  to orgasm  also.  While I do that the first
     two women alternately toy with my plug and tease my cock.  I
     am sure that I am very close to coming.

-    The women  begin to gather up their things and thank you for
     a most entertaining evening.  They all leave.  You return to
     the living  room.  I am still bound and rock hard.  The plug
     is still buried deep in my rectum.

-    You tell me that I've been  a  good  little  slave  and that
     you'll reward  me.   You kneel down and begin to pull out my
     plug.  The sensation is driving me crazy and I  squirm in my
     bonds.   When only  the tip of the plug is left in, you lean
     over and slide your  hot, wet  mouth down  on my  cock.  You
     feel me  begin to  strain upward, desperate to have you lick
     me.  You begin to suck and as you do so, you plunge the butt
     plug forcefully  back deep  into my ass.  The sensations are
     too much and I explode in your mouth.

-    Later in the evening  I am  bound in  several other exposing
     positions while  photographed and  given an enema while bent
     over your knee.   The evening  ends with  a spanking  by you
     over your knee.
Tara in the Hotel Room
Story #58 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Tara looked  up at the tv screen in  the arrivals area.  The
flight should have  just landed, she thought.   The excitement of
the  imminent meeting  made her  heart rush.   Tara was  a pretty
woman, just  32 years old, blond and tall  with a figure that she
worked  hard at  keeping in  shape.   She was  wearing a  classic
trenchcoat and blank high heels.  The meeting that so excited her
was with  her 'Master', her  sometimes loverthat she was  all too
infrequently.  Tonight would be one of those specials meetings.
     Carl was  a tall brown haired  man also in  his thirties and
was fairly attractive.   It was not his  looks that excited  Tara
though, it was his delight in kinky sex, particularly in sex that
involved dominance  and submission.   Tara had discovered  to her
amazement  that  being  sexually submissive  turned  her  on like
nothing else ever  had.  She didn't  like pain and the  idea of a
whipping was abhorent  to her but the  thought of obeying  a man,
especially  when his  instructions  were exact  and  of a  sexual
nature made her blush and soak her panties all at the same time.
     They had met several times now and each time was better than
the last.   Tara remembered even now the  thrill that ran through
her the  first time he had told her to undress in front of him so
he could 'inspect'  her.  Tara smiled.  It wouldn't take him long
to strip her this time,  she thought.  Underneath her fashionable
trenchcoat was  only Tara  herself.   Her  instructions had  been
specific.  She  was to check into the airport hotel and leave her
things there.   Then she was to  meet him at the  airport wearing
only her coat  and her heels.    She was specifically  allowed no
underwear, jewellry or anything else.  Tara had even had to shave
her blond pubis completely smooth before arriving.
     The trip from the  hotel to the airport had been  one of the
most exciting and erotic taxi rides  she had ever had.  Tara  was
sure  that  everyone could  see  right  through  her.   She  kept
adjusting her coat over and over trying to close the bottom of it
that seemed intent  on exposing her secret.   Walking through the
airport  had been even  worse.  Tara was  an attractive woman and
usually turned heads  wherever she  went.   Now whenever  someone
looked  at her  she was  sure that they  knew she  was completely
naked under her coat.  Tara couldn't help blushing over and over.
Despite herself she felt her  smooth pussy growing slick with her
own juices.  As she walked, Tara 's breasts rubbed freely against
the  inside  of  her  coat  making  her  nipples  grow  hard  and
sensitive.  That  and the  air that  wafted up her  coat to  blow
across  her bare  pubis  served  as a  constant  reminder of  her
nakedness.
     Tara spotted Carl as he came down the escalator and into the
arrivals lobby.   He smiled as he spotted her and opened his arms
to give her a bear hug.
     "Mmmm, I've missed you." he said.
     "Me  too." said  Tara smiling.    She hugged  him again  and
whispered in his ear "and I'm soooo hot!"

     Carl chuckled.  "Did you follow all of your instructions?"
     Tara blushed as she nodded.
     "We'll find out  soon enough." said  Carl with a  mysterious
look on his face.
     Tara felt a  shiver run up her  spine in excitement.    Carl
slung  his suitbag  over his  shoulder  and led  them out  of the
terminal and toward the taxi stand.  Once in the taxi Carl pulled
Tara close  to him.    His  hand drifted  down to her  thigh just
above the  knee where her coat  had parted to reveal  her shapely
legs.
"Mmmm"  murmured Tara  as she  leaned back  and closed  her eyes,
offering  herself  to Carl.   A  tug  at the  bottom of  her coat
brought her  eyes open  in a  flash.   Carl had  just opened  the
bottom button to her coat.
     "Carl!" she whispered, "What are you doing?!"
     Carl smiled at her, "Shhhhh, close your eyes."
     It took  every bit of will power that  Tara had to obey him.
Her coat  was now open  very high  up on her  thighs.  Tara  felt
Carl's  lips hear  her  ears and  his  hot breath  on  her as  he
whispered, "I'm going  to make sure my little  slave followed her
instructions."
     Tara's only response was a  tiny whimper as she felt another
button  being pulled open.  The lowest button still closed on her
coat was now near her belly button and Carl carefully pulled open
the bottom halves to fully expose  the pretty girl from the waist
down.  Tara  could only hope  that the  taxi driver couldn't  see
that far  down in the  back seat  and hoped  desperately that  he
wouldn't turn around.
     Carl's hand stroked downward now  to Tara's knees which  she
had unconsiously pressed firmly together.  Carl gently eased them
apart using both his hands until she was completely splayed open.
Tara felt  the petals  of her now  drenched sex  open.   She felt
Carl's fingertips  glide up  the inside of  her thigh  and gasped
softly as  they reached  her swollen labia.   His  fingertip slid
gently upher slit testing its wetness.  He continued upward until
the finger, wet with her juices  crossed her erect clitoris.  "If
he strokes it  once more I'm going  to come." she thought.   Carl
slid upward and gently carressed around her smooth pubis.  Tara's
breath was coming  in shorter and shorter breaths.   Suddenly the
taxi turned  into the hotel  and braked to  a stop.   Carl pulled
Tara's  coat together  and  paid  the driver.    Tara's face  was
visibly flushed as they made their way upstairs to the room.
     As instructed,  Tara had taken  a small suite in  the hotel.
The couple walked into the first room  of the suite made up as  a
small  living room  with a  couch and  sofa-chair in  the corner.
Carl dropped his bag and moved over to the chair in the corner to
sit.   Tara moved  toward the couch  but Carl  held up  his hand.
"Stay  there  for  me."  he  said  seductively.       Tara  stood
uncertainly, wondering what would come next.
     "Step out of those shoes." said Carl.

     The carpet felt good on Tara's bare feet but somehow it made
her feel more aware of how little she had on.
     "Turn around."  whispered her lover.
     Slowly Tara began turning.  When her back was to Carl he had
her stop.  Nothing was said for a long moment.   The anticipation
of what would happen next built quickly.
     "Now the coat." said Carl.
     Tara took a deep breath.  She reach down and undid  the belt
and then reached  for the top button.   In a moment  the coat was
completely  open.   She  let  the coat  fall  from her  shoulders
showing  her long  tanned back  and then  her buttocks,  sharpely
delineated by her tan line.  Tara heard Carl pick up the coat and
put it aside.       "Legs apart Tara."
     Tara moved her feet about 2 feet apart.
     "Further."
     The  feet stretched  open wide.   Tara  waited for  the next
command.
     "Now bend over and hold your knees." said Carl.
     Tara bent forward and held herself in the exposing position.
She knew that  behind her Carl had  a perfect view of  her bottom
and her pussy from behind.  She imagined how she must look.  Tara
heard  Carl get up.   It had now  been a couple  of minutes.  She
sensed him coming closer, standing behind her.
     Just  behind her  she  saw  Carl  bending  forward,  peering
closely  at  her  naked body.    She felt  his  hands  stroke his
buttocks,   then  his  thumbs  settled  between  her  pale  white
buttocks.   She felt  him spread her  wide, pulling  her buttocks
open  to  completely  expose her  most  intimate  opening.   Tara
whimpered, feeling so exposed, so helpless.
     Carl chuckled  at her excitement and stood  up.  He had Tara
stand too and move into the next room and onto the bed.
     "On your knees, facing away from the door." said Carl.
     Tara moved  to obey.   Carl moved  around the room  and then
returned behind her  and put a blindfold over her eyes.  The loss
of  sight only  served  to  heighten Tara's  other  senses.   She
waited, helpless now, for Carl to tell her what to do next.
     "Very good.   You look so pretty  with a blindfold on.   Now
bend  forward until your head is resting  on the bedspread.  Very
good.  now spread your hands wide apart in front of you and  wait
there."
     The effect of  the position was  not lost on Tara.   Putting
her head down this low only served to raise her bottom high up in
the air, perfectly on display for her dominant lover.

     Tara's  sense  of hearing  was  now  much  more accute,  she
strained her ears  listening for what  was happening around  her.
Carl's footsteps moved around the room and Tara could almost feel
his eyes looking at every part of her.   She heard the sound of a
long  zipper of  a  bag(?) opening.   'What  was  he doing?'  she
wondered.
     Tara listened  as Carl  walked back behind  her.   There was
long moment of  silence and the young girl  felt the anticipation
build as she waited for what  would come next.  'Surely he  would
touch her now.' she thought. But where?
     "I'm  just  admiring  the  view."  chuckled  Carl  at  last.
"Alright,  now I'd like  you to  reach back  with both  hands and
place them on your pretty buttocks for me."
     Tara reach around with both hands to do so.
     "Very  nice now  please pull  your buttocks open  to display
yourself properly."
     Tara gasped!  This  particular variant on this  position had
never occured  to her.   Certainly Carl had  seen her  naked body
before but doing as he asked would make her more exposed than she
had ever been  to anyone before  in her life!   Tara hesitated  a
moment, her  mind running rampant  as she frantically  wished for
him  to  change  his  mind.    Blushing   furiously  beneath  her
blindfold,  she finally  did as  he asked  and gently  pulled her
smooth rounded buttocks apart for him.
     "A little wider if you please." said Carl calmly.
     Tara only whimpered as she pulled herself more open for him.
     "Very, very  nice." said Carl,  "Now you shall stay  in this
position until you  are told to do  otherwise.  It should  not be
too long."
     'Hmm, that was a funny was of saying to wait.' thought Tara,
'What does he mean?'  She listened as Carl started to move around
the room again.   A moment later  he moved back behind  her, near
the door.
     "Now remember Tara,  you are not to move  from that position
until you are told to do so."
     With that  final reminder, Tara  listened in  horror at  the
sound of the door opening!  A moment later and it  closed leaving
her alone in  the room.  'What  did he mean, wait?'  she thought.
'Did that mean it might not be him who's coming back in the room?
Does it mean  that he might come  back with someonse else?   What
*does* it mean?'
     Tara's breath was now coming  in short breaths and her heart
raced at  the same  pace as her  mind as  she considered  all the
possible ramifications.   'My God! It might be a  woman who comes
in!' thought the young girl.   It was perhaps only 5 minutes  but
for Tara it seemed forever that she waited.  Through it  all, she
never considered getting  up from the  bed and covering  herself.
As scary  as it  was to consider  all these alternatives,  it was
also  very, very exciting  and Tara knew  deep in  her heart that
Carl would never hurt her.
     The  sound of the key  in the lock  raised the tension level
yet  again.    Tara  held  her breath  as  she  listened  for the
footsteps walking in.   'Was it  one person or  two?  Were  those
Carl's footsteps?'   There was no  way of  telling just from  the
sound.  Whoever it was did not speak, they just moved  around the
room.  Tara could feel herself being looked at.  Despite herself,
she  felt her  hands  pulling her  buttocks wider  apart offering
herself to whoever her Master had in the room whether it  was him
or not.
     The footsteps  moved back  behind the  pretty girl  and Tara
waited, wondering when she would be touched.  Finally one  of her
wrists  was  taken  by a  hand.    'Was  that Carl's  hand?'  she
wondered.  She  felt something being pulled around  her wrist and
then fastened  tightly to it.  A strap  of some kind she guessed.
Another was attached  to her other wrist  and she was allowed  to
rest her  arms on the  bed while straps were  pulled tight around
her ankles.   Once  this was accomplished,  the mysterious  hands
took her right wrist again  and tugged it backward.   Tara arched
herself slightly so that her wrist strap could be attached to the
ankle strap on the same side.  The same procedure was done on her
left leaving her bottom even higher in the air.
     More straps were fastened to  her young lithe body, these on
her thighs  just above her  knees.  The  unseen hands pulled  the
straps wide  apart and  tied them somewhere  on the  bed, pulling
Tara's knees slightly wider then fastening them firmly.  Tara was
now helpless  and very widely  exposed.  She wondered  what might
come next.   The hands reached under  her now and Tara  gasped as
her left  breast was stroked  gently.  The hands  stroked inward,
toward  her already firm  nipple and the  sensitve flesh crinkled
even further.  By  the time the stroking fingers touched her long
brown nipple, it  was achingly hard.  Tara felt  the fingers pull
the nipple downward and pinch as it did so.  Tara's  nipples were
one  of her  most sensitive areas  and she  loved when  they were
pulled and  teased.  She  moaned softly as  her left one  was now
pulled out longer  than it's normal 3/4 inch length.  The fingers
pulled away but were soon replaced by  the firm pinch of a nipple
clip.   The  right nipple  was  next leaving  the metallic  clips
hanging from Tara's long firm nips.  'If they  don't stop playing
with those nipples I  think I'm going  to come from that  alone.'
thought Tara as she panted softly at the sensation.
     Tara listened to movement again  as the person (she was sure
it was now just one) moved back behind her.  She felt the persons
hands slide up between her legs toward her chest.  Now the nipple
clips  were  touched  again  and  Tara  felt  them  being  tugged
downward.  Cords to the clips were pulled back toward Tara's feet
and attached to rings on her ankle straps.  The effect pulled her
already  over-sensitive nipples outward and pulled her upper body
closer to her knees, thus bringing her bottom even higher.
     Tara  was soaked.  She  knew that whoever  it was behind her
knew it too.  How could they miss.  Her pussy was so wet that she
could feel the trickly of her juices on her thighs.  She was  now
so hot that she didn't  care who it was that was playing with her
body.   She just wished  they'd touch her,  touch her  pussy, her
ass, something to relieve her need.

     An unseen hand patted her upturned rump gently and then Tara
listened as they walked back to the door and opened it.  The door
closed gently leaving  Tara alone again but  this time completely
bound and helpless.
     Her wait was not  long, only a couple of minutes  and to her
amazement,  her sexual  excitement mounted  again  in that  time.
When the  door opened  again, she  was panting  so much  that she
almost missed it.   This time the footsteps did not  take long to
walk around her and then move behind her.  She felt a hand on her
buttock.  'Was  it the same person?' she  wondered. The hand left
her, only to  return a moment  later to palp  her buttock to  the
side, exposing  her anus  more fully.   Tara  gasped at the  cool
touch of  the lubricant  on the tip  of the  strange finger.   It
teased at her opening a moment then slid inside.  Tara was so hot
that  there was  no resistance, even  in her  rear passage.   The
finger moved deeply in  and out, adding more lubricant  as it did
so.  Tara's body moved back and forth in its bonds, trying to get
more of the  finger in her.   'She was close, oh  so very close.'
she thought and then the finger pulled away.
     "Oh  please..." she whimpered,  speaking for the  first time
since she was blindfolded.
     The touch at her anus  again was immediate but this  time it
was the  tip of a plug that touched  her there.  She loved having
her ass teased but this was only the second time she'd had a plug
inserted  there.  She  felt the widest part  spread her anus wide
and  then her  sphincter pulled  the narrow  neck inwards  as she
gasped out loud at the sensation.  Tara knew she was on the edge,
one more push and she would not be able to hold back her orgasm.
     "So you like it so far do you?" chuckled Carl.
     "Oh God Carl. Please!  I'm so close."  gasped Tara,
     Carl moved behind her and touched the tip of his cock to her
soaked opening.
     "Oh yessssss!" cried Tara as Carl pushed forward in one long
motion until he was deep in her.
     It did not take long.  As he stroked in and out in long full
strokes, Carl  reached  down to  twist the  plug that  he had  so
recently  inserted in his  submissive girlfriend's bottom.   Tara
pushed back as best she could in  the tight bondage.  Each thrust
by Carl had the clips on her nipples pulled by the cords attached
to her ankles.
     A moment  later Tara's whole  body tensed up.   Carl twisted
her plug again and wave after  wave crashed over her.  She  cried
out loudly again and again, straining upward so the nipples clips
would pull  her nipples  and breasts downward.   Finally,  it was
over.
     It was much later, curled up in bed with her head resting on
Carl's chest that she asked.
     "Carl?"
     "Yes hon?"

     "Was it you?  You know, who came in the room?"
     Carl chuckled  quietly.   "Maybe  next time  I'll leave  the
blindfold off so you can see for sure but this time I'll not tell
you."
     Tara wondered  as she fell  asleep and would until  the next
time.
Kim's Adventure
Story #59 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     She  was   brought  in  blindfolded, naked,  her hands bound
before her.   Her clothes had long since  been stripped away  and
removed.  When Kim    had  arrived    at the    house  for    her
'training', she had  been led to a  small room by a  pretty woman
in a  maid's uniform. The woman had instructed Kim to  remove all
her clothing including  any jewelry and had waited  until she had
done so.    She   had then left  with  all  of  Kim's  belongings
leaving Kim  with instructions to remain  in the room.   The room
had been sparsely  furnished with a small  couch, two  chairs and
a  corner   table.     Kim  felt  very vulnerable  sitting  there
completely  naked.   Her thoughts  wandered back  to how  she got
herself into this predicament.
     Meeting her  current boyfriend  Craig had  been a dream come
true...literally.  Kim had long  had  fantasies  of  a submissive
nature but  had never  had someone she could trust enough to tell
them to.  In Craig, Kim found not only someone who understood her
secret desires  but also  someone who  was ready to bring them to
reality.   For  the  first  time,  Kim  found  herself submitting
herself to a man sexually.  The past few months had been the most
exciting of Kim's 26 year old life.  She was a very  pretty girl,
standing  5'7"  tall  with  short  swept  back  blond  hair.  Her
athletic 34-24-35 figure stayed in shape thanks to  regular trips
to aerobics.  Craig told her often that he couldn't decide if her
firm ass or her breasts and their long dark nipples were her best
feature.
     It had been a week ago that Kim had finally confessed the on
submissive fantasy that they had yet to realize.  Kim's voice had
been trembling  with nervousness  when she  had asked Craig if he
would consider peeing on her.   He had  chuckled as  he looked at
her with  an appraising  eye.  Bit by bit he had her tell him all
about  her  long-time  fantasy   of  receiving   this  particular
humiliation.   Finally he  had taken both Kim's hands in his own.
"Kim if you want this, you shall have it, but  I'll have  it done
my way  and I  promise you  it will be the most erotic experience
ever."
     Craig's  instructions  had  arrived  by  messenger  two days
later.   They would  be going  to someone's  home on Friday night
where Kim's training would expand to  include the  realization of
her submissive  watersport fantasy.   Kim  was also to be put "on
display" for the first time.  The note both terrified and excited
Kim who  spent the  balance of  the week  in a  constant state of
arousal.
     Craig had picked her up promptly at 6pm  and had  driven her
out of  town to an old victorian house.  At the front door he had
kissed her  and told  her to  ring the  bell and  enter.  Someone
would tell her what to do next.  "Don't worry Kim, I'll be seeing
you soon enough.   All you  have to  do is  obey the instructions
they give  you."   Kim couldn't stop trembling as she reached for
the bell.
     Now, here she was, sitting in a small room, naked as the day
she was  born.   Kim jumped as the sound of the door knob turning
reached her ears.  A tall man walked in.  Kim blushed  a deep red
and her  hands automatically  tried to cover both her breasts and
pussy at the same time.  "Stand up Kim." he said in a firm voice.
Kim rose  to her feet and stood facing the stranger.  "Let's take
a look at you.  Hands  clasped behind  your back  if you please."
Kim hesitated  a moment  and then followed her instructions.  Her
blush now covered her whole face and worked  its way  down toward
her upthrust breasts.
     The man  smiled at  the sight.  "Mmmmm, you're very pretty."
he said as his eyes travelled up and down.  "The maid  will be in
here shortly  and will be preparing you for tonight's activities.
She'll be shaving that pubic hair at the  same time.   Kim's eyes
opened a  little wider at this news.  "You are to follow all your
instructions."  With  that,  the  strange  man  turned  and left,
leaving  Kim  standing  in  the  middle  of  the  room completely
exposed.  She didn't  know if  she was  expected to  stay in that
position or  not and while she was trying to make up her mind the
maid returned into the room.  The woman smiled as she saw  Kim in
the same  exposing position.   She  walked right over to the nude
girl and before Kim had a chance to think about it, she found her
wrists  fastened  together  before  her,  bound  in leather wrist
cuffs.  There was a short leash attached to the  link between the
two cuffs  and Ellen, the maid took hold of the end of it.  "Come
with me." she said with a sly smile on her  face.   Kim gasped as
Ellen pulled  her along toward and then right out of the room and
into the corridor.  Kim's blush returned again  in spades  as she
looked around  wildly hoping  that no  one would be there to see.
Ellen chuckled at her  embarrassment  as  she  pulled  her along.
Thankfully the  hallway was  deserted.   A few  doors down, Ellen
pulled Kim into a huge bathroom.  Kim looked around in amazement,
the bathroom  was larger  than her bedroom at home and was filled
with thing she wouldn't have expected.  In the middle of the room
was what  looked like  a massage  table covered in black leather.
Ellen led the younger girl over  to  it.    "Up  here."  she said
patting the  leather table.   Kim sat on the table.  Ellen handed
Kim a large bottle of juice, "You're not going to get a chance to
drink anything  for awhile, so drink all of this now."  Kim drank
the apple juice all down.   "Good  girl."  said  Ellen,  "Now lie
back."
     Ellen guided  her to lying on her back then pulled the leash
over her head and fastened it to the head of the table stretching
Kim out.  Ellen moved down the table and attached straps to Kim's
thighs just above her knees.  Kim strained to see  what Ellen was
doing as  she moved down to the end of the table and then reached
under it.  Ellen swung a silver bar of some  kind from  under the
end of the table and clicked it into place.  It took Kim a moment
to recognize it but finally she  realized.   This table  wasn't a
massage table,  it was a doctor's examining table and that silver
bar was one of  two stirrups  for her  feet!   Sure enough, Ellen
pulled the  other stirrup  on the  left side and fastened it into
place.  Kim was trembling now.  She always felt  embarrassed when
she went  for a doctor's visit but this was worse.  At least that
was a quick, sterile  visit.    This  promised  to  be  much more
intimate.   Ellen gently  took each  of Kim's feet and spread her
open to fit into the stirrups.  A strap over  the ankle  held the
foot firmly  in place.   The straps on Kim's thighs now came into
play as Ellen used them to  pull her  thighs even  further apart.
There was  no way  that Kim could move now and Ellen moved slowly
about the room, preparing for Kim knew not  what.   Finally Ellen
pulled  a  chair  between  Kim's  bent  thighs and sat down.  Kim
strained to  see  what  she  was  doing  but  the  angle  made it
virtually  impossible.    She  felt  Ellen's  gentle hands on her
thighs stroking upward toward Kim's pussy  and Kim  realized that
she  was   soaking  wet   and  that  Ellen  could  obviously  see
everything.  Kim felt a tugging  at her  pussy and  wondered what
Ellen was  doing.   It took her a moment and finally the sound of
scissors snipping gave it away.   Ellen was  trimming Kim's pubic
hair!    Ellen  was  slow  and  gentle  and the pretty blond hair
quickly disappeared.  When it was finally down to a  stubble, Kim
gasped when  Ellen put  a warm  wet cloth  over Kim's pubic area.
The cloth stayed there several minutes  and then  Ellen went back
to work.   Kim  knew what was coming now and as Ellen efficiently
shaved away the last of Kim's  curly hair,  she could  do nothing
but lie  back and  blush at the humiliation.  Ellen was thorough,
catching even the tiny hairs between Kim's spread  open buttocks.
When she  had at  last completed the job, she held up a mirror so
that Kim could see herself.  'I look just like  I did  when I was
10 years  old.'  thought Kim as she looked at the smoothly shaved
pubis.  She had never felt so naked,  so exposed,  so vulnerable.
Ellen smiled at Kim's expression.  "I think it looks wonderful...
very submissive." she said.
     Ellen moved back down  between Kim's  legs and  Kim wondered
what  might  be  next.    The  sensation of Ellen's finger at the
opening of her anus was a  surprise however.   Kim  gasped as the
finger, completely  covered in  cool lubricant  eased itself into
Kim's tiny opening.  Ellen was slow but  firm as  she moved first
just the  tip then  more and  more of  finger in and out of Kim's
rectum.  Kim couldn't help squirming and tugging at her  bonds as
Ellen teased  her sensitive  opening.  Ellen added more lubricant
and started to slide her finger all the way in  then all  the way
out  of  Kim.    "We  want  you to be very slippery." she smiled.
Kim's pussy was soaking wet, she felt a trickle of her own juices
slide down  toward her  anus to add themselves to the lubrication
she was getting.
     Kim was getting more and more excited now.  'If  Ellen keeps
this  up,'  she  thought,  'I'm  going  to  come.'  Just when Kim
thought she couldn't bear it any  more, Ellen's  finger slid from
her bottom  leaving Kim  gasping for  breath.  Ellen let her calm
down for a moment then  started  removing  unfastening  the bonds
from the  table.   Finally she helped Kim from the table and onto
her feet.  The straps were left hanging from Kim's wrists, ankles
and thighs.  "Follow me Kim." she said and again took hold of the
leash.  Kim was now  so  hot,  she  was  ready  for  anything and
leaving the room for the corridor was not quite so traumatic.
Ellen   led   her  further   down   the hallway and  into another
room.  This room was quite large with a small  raised platform in
the middle  of it,  surrounded by  large comfortable chairs.  Kim
started to tremble again  as she  looked at  it.   'This is where
they'll all  see me.'  she thought.   Sure  enough, Ellen led her
right to the platform.   There  was a  small padded  bench on the
platform and Ellen directed Kim to lie back on it.  The bench was
quite small, Kim's head and back were supported  but her buttocks
were off  the end of it.  She had to put her feet to the floor to
support herself.
     Ellen busied herself attaching  Kim's wrist  straps to rings
at the  head of  the bench so that Kim's arms were pulled tightly
back, leaving her breasts stretched out and exposed.  Ellen moved
to the end of the bench, and Kim felt her attaching her ankles to
something on the floor.  Another strap around her waist  held her
tightly to  the bench.   Ellen  moved to  the side  and pressed a
switch.  Kim heard a whirring sound from  the ceiling.   Suddenly
her ankles  began to  move upward.  Kim had not noticed the ropes
hanging from the ceiling,  but she  now realized  that her ankles
were attached  to them!   The  ceiling winch pulled her ankles up
and wide apart until  they  were  stretched  straight  up  to the
ceiling and spread apart in a 90 degree angle.
     Kim had  never felt so exposed in her life.  Ellen came back
over  to  the  helplessly  bound  girl  and  looked  down  at her
handiwork.  "Now just stay still and your adventure will continue
in a few minutes." she said.
     Ellen moved from the room leaving Kim with  her own thoughts
as she  lay on the platform.  She was trembling with nervousness,
wondering what would happen next.  Each minute  seemed like hours
but, in  fact, she  was there  only a few minutes.  Kim's hearing
seemed a thousand times  more sensitive.   Her  ears strained for
sounds of the door opening, or footsteps moving outside the door,
but all in vain.
     When the door to the  room  finally  re-opened,  Kim jumped.
Her pussy  immediately started lubricating copiously.  Kim felt a
trickle of her own juices start down her pussy and along her anal
crack  adding  themselves  to  the  lubrication at her anus.  She
strained against her bonds to look toward the door to see who was
coming in.   Ellen  entered the  room and  Kim breathed a sigh of
relief.  But her relief was to be short lived as a  number of men
and women  followed her!   There  were perhaps  a dozen people in
all.  The chairs had been ringed around the sides of the platform
and the  guests took their seats.  Kim spotted Craig in the group
and felt a little better knowing he was there.  Still a hot flush
of embarrassment  had Kim's face beet red as the guests looked on
at her naked and completely exposed body.
     Ellen moved up onto the platform once again.  As  she walked
down toward the end of the bench, her fingers trailed along Kim's
bare body, dragging across  Kim's engorged  nipples and  down her
belly.   Kim shivered  at the  touch.   Kim strained  to see what
Ellen was doing but now that the woman was between  her legs, she
was unable  to.   Ellen turned to show the group something in her
hand and the patrons nodded and smiled approvingly.   One  of the
women  spectators  giggled  and  whispered something to the woman
next to her.  'What is it?', wondered Kim.  She was  soon to find
out.
     One of  Ellen's hands  held Kim's  left buttock to the side,
further exposing Kim's anus to the group.  Kim suddenly felt what
she thought  was Ellen's lubricated finger again at the center of
her anus.  A moment later,  Kim realized  it was  something hard,
not a  finger, that  was pushing into her.  Ellen pushed the firm
unyielding object past the crinkled opening.   Kim  felt her anus
spread open  to accommodate  it.   As Ellen pushed it in further,
Kim felt it get wider and  wider.    Ellen  teased  Kim  with the
object, pulling  it out  a little only to push it in further with
the next stroke.  At one point, Kim  gasped as  the object spread
her  anal  ring  very  wide.    With one more push the object got
suddenly  much  narrower  and  Kim's  rectal  muscles  pulled the
intruder even  deeper into her to settle into her bottom.  A wide
base kept the plug from disappearing  into the  bound girl.   The
base also  kept the  narrow neck  of the  plug holding Kim's anus
open.  The sensation was incredible.    Kim  felt  no  pain, just
very, very  full and  there was  no avoiding  the feeling.  Every
breath made  her think of the object now spreading  her anus.
Ellen  moved off  the  platform  so   everyone could   get a good
look.  Now one of the men walked up toward Kim.  He was holding a
long narrow paddle and Kim closed her eyes, waiting for what must
come.   Being spanked had always turned Kim on and now as she was
about to have her bottom reddened,  she realized  that Craig must
have  told  every  one  of  her  hot fantasies.  'What else would
happen?' she wondered.  Kim heard the paddle swinging through the
air an instant before it struck her buttocks.  The smack took her
breath away.  A wave of  heat  washed  over  her  buttocks.   Her
buttocks clenched  and that  had the  effect of  clenching on the
anal plug still firmly inserted in  her ass.   Kim  gasped at the
sensation.    The  paddle  struck  again and then again.  In all,
perhaps she received 10  spanks.   The range  of feelings running
through Kim  had her  so aroused  that she barely felt them.  The
man stepped down from the platform  leaving Kim's  bottom red and
hot.   Kim's anus  could not stop clenching on the anal plug over
and over.  She stayed at the edge  of the  most remarkable orgasm
she had ever encountered.
     She  was  left  for  a  few  moments to calm down then Ellen
returned to the platform.  She  leaned down  to the  pretty bound
woman and  whispered into  her ear, "Do you remember what fantasy
you wished for  this  week?"    Kim's  eyes  opened  wide  as she
remembered what  she add  admitted to  Craig earlier in the week.
Now that she remembered her peeing fantasy, Kim realized that she
needed to  pee herself.  "I've got to pee." she whispered back at
Ellen.  Ellen just smiled at her.   The strap  around Kim's waist
was undone  and Ellen moved off to the side of the room.  Now the
ceiling winch started up again  and  Kim  felt  her  ankles being
drawn  even  further  upward  and  outward!    By  the  time they
finished, Kim  was  suspended  completely  upside  down  with her
wrists pulled  toward the  floor and  her legs  pulled toward the
ceiling and completely spread.  Her  breasts hung  upside down on
perfect display  for the guests but the most exposing thing about
her was now her shaved pussy, pressed forward and opened  for all
to  see.      Ellen  pulled  the bench away from Kim, leaving her
suspended in mid-air.
     The man who had given Kim her spanking  now came  back up to
the platform.   "As  you know,  Kim here has a spanking regarding
being peed on." he said to the group.   Kim  blushed as  her most
intimate fantasy  was made  public.  "We discussed how she should
be initiated here, and it was  decided to  accomplish her fantasy
in a  somewhat unusual  manner.   Kim was  given a fair amount of
juice to drink earlier and she now needs  to pee  herself.  We're
going to  help her  do that  in the  position she's  in now.  She
might wish  to  resist  this  submissive  humiliation,  but we've
thought of  that too."   The  man leaned over to look at Kim.  He
held up what looked like a thin tube  of plastic.   "Do  you know
what this  is Kim?"  he asked.   "No,  Sir." said the pretty girl
"It is called a catheter.  In a moment I'm going to slide it into
you  and  you're  control  over  your  own bladder will be mine."
Kim's eyes opened wide again as  she whimpered  "Please, no." the
man smiled  at her and turned toward her smooth and spread pussy.
Kim felt him spread open the  petals of  her pussy  to expose her
urethra.   The end of the lubricated tube touched her there.  She
had never in her  life felt  so open.   There  was a  sting for a
moment as  the tube  slid gently  into her  body.   'I won't pee.
I'll hold it' in thought Kim  as she  willed herself  to not pee.
The catheter tube slid home and the man stepped back.  Kim looked
up to see that he was pinching the tube closed.
     Kim was  trembling with  the effort  of holding  back but as
soon as  the man  let go  of the tube, the result was inevitable.
Control over her bladder was not  her own  and the  urine started
spilling down  her chest.  Kim's face was beet red as she watched
the spectators watching her.   Ellen  stepped up  to the platform
and a  moment later,  the plug still deep in Kim's ass started to
vibrate.  This final sensation  was  too  much  and  Kim's orgasm
started to  take over.  It came from deep in her belly and seemed
to wash over all parts of her.  Kim pulled at her bonds and cried
out again  and again  as the  plug in her rear kept vibrating and
her own warm water  washed down  her belly  and face.   Craig and
Ellen let  Kim down  gently and  led her to the shower where they
helped her get cleaned up.
     It was a clean, but tired Kim that finally entered the large
living room  where she was greeted with applause by the club that
she was now a full-fledged member of.  "This was  the best!", she
said to Craig as she hugged him.  Craig smiled.  "That's just the
beginning." he said, "Wait until next week!"

From One Couple to Another
Story #60 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
It was dark  when Bobby and his  wife Janet pulled into  the long
drive on  Woodbine Street.   This was  their fourth visit  to the
house in  as many weeks  butstill they were both  apprehensive as
Bob parked the car in front of the door.

     It had been  almost six weeks before that  Janet had spotted
the ad in an adult newsletter and had shown it to Bobby.

          Dominant couple 30's, seeks submissive couple 20's-30's
          for  play.     You  must  be  prepared  to  follow  all
          instructions and all training.  Send picture and letter
          describing your precise interests.

     Janet  had  grown  soaking  wet  by the  end  of  the  short
paragraph.  Both she and her husband of three years enjoyed kinky
sex but they had discovered that they both enjoyed the submissive
role.   Janet had tried to be a good dominant for her husband but
could never really get into it.  Bobby was the same.

     The first meeting had been  on neutral territory, supper  at
an  italian  restaurant  in  the  city.    Bobby  and  Janet  had
discovered that the dominant couple were  both attractive and fun
to be with.   Chris and  Terry were in  their mid-thirties  which
made them about ten years older than Bobby and Janet.  Still, the
two couples  barely noticed the  age difference.  When  Bobby and
Janet noticed at all, they found they liked it as if it made them
feel even more vulnerable.

     It  wasn't until  after-dinner drinks  that  the subject  of
Bobby and Janet's submission was even raised.
     "We  want  to  find  out  *all*  about  your  fantasies  and
experiences." said  Terry in  a husky voice,  "But first,  let us
tell you a couple of things about us."
     Terry ticked the points off on the fingers of her right hand
as she listed them.

        - We have done this a number  of times before and we  are
          both very experienced in dominant/submissive sex.
        - Chris and I are not bisexual.  When we have a submissve
          couple,  I  will usually  handle  the man  and  he will
          usually handle  the woman.   We  give instructions,  of
          course, to either submissive.
        - On occaision, I  will assist in training a  woman or in
          punishing her.
        - When we  meet a couple we  always meet you  both at the
          same time.   That way there's no jealousy.
        - We are not into heavy pain or S&M.  Our goal  is sexual
          satisfaction  for everyone concerned,  not how  much we
          can make you hurt."

     Janet  looked over  at  Bobby and  they  exchanged a  silent
message.

     "Ok", said Bobby, "It looks  like this will work out.   What
happens now?"


     Chris smiled, "Just  keep this Saturday  night free.   We'll
make  sure you  get the  appropriate  instructions."    A  shiver
caught both Bobby and Janet.  'What would happen next Saturday?',
they wondered.   It was late into  the evening before  the dinner
ended.   Before they parted  company that night, Janet  and Bobby
had  told  their   new  Master  and  Mistress   everything  about
themselves and their fantasies of being submissive.

     The  instructions arrived  at mid-week  by  courier.   Janet
waited for  Bobby to come home  before they opened them.   Inside
the package  were two  envelopes, one addressed  to each  of them
with a warning on the outside that they were to be read privately
and that the contents of the  instructions were to be kept secret
from the  other until after the weekend.   They were both excited
as they went to different rooms to read their instructions.

     Janet's instructions read as follows:
     1.   You are not  to have an orgasm  from now until you  get
          here.  Nor may you touch your or Bobby's genitals in  a
          sexual  way until  instructed.    Bobby  has  the  same
          instruction.
     2.   You are to carefully bathe, shampoo above and below and
          shave your legs and armpits before arriving.
     3.   You are to wear a white blouse that buttons all the way
          down the front and is  translucent.   It should  not be
          see-through but  rather sheer enough  that the darkness
          of  your  nipples  will be  visible  to  anyone looking
          directly at them.
     4.   You'll wear no bra.
     5.   You'll wear a  skirt that has a maximum  length of mid-
          way to your knees.
     6.   You will wear no panties
     7.   You will wear no stockings
     8.   You will wear comfortable heels
     9.   You will not wear any jewelry or a watch.

     Bobby's  instructions   were  not   much  different.     His
instructions  were written in a feminine hand, obviously Terry's.
In addition  to not touching  himself and being clean,  Terry had
one more instruction:
     -    You are to purchase the sexiest pair of woman's panties
          you can find.  They  are to be lacy.   Under your jeans
          on Saturday, you will be wearing them.

     Bobby's cock had twitched into erectness with that request.

     Saturday had approached very slowly.  At least a dozen times
both Bobby and Janet had thought about not going through with it.
FInally though it had  come.  It became an evening  of firsts for
the young couple.
     It was the  first time that  Bobby and Janet  had both  been
bound  and helpless at the same time.  It was the first time that
Bobby had watched Janet touched  and then spanked by another man.
Likewise  it was the  first time that  Janet had ever  seen Bobby
dressed in a woman's panties then later watched theose panties be
pulled down as her husband  was spanked over the knee of  another
woman.  It was the firs time that Janet had been bent, naked over
another woman's lap  for a spanking since her  mother had spanked
her as a child.  It was the first time that both  Janet and Bobby
had stood, naked, noses pressed into opposite corners of the room
displaying their spanked  bottoms at the same time.   Finally, it
was  the  first  time  that  both  Bobby  and  Janet  had  had  a
simultaneous orgasm,  nevermind that it  was in front of  a fully
clothed couple who  watched them come, side-by-side  as vibrators
played over their bound and blindfolded bodies.

     They  had comem  back  twice  since then.    Each week,  the
instructions were a little different, each time the thrill of the
unkown kept  them in  a state of  excitement like  nothing they'd
ever experienced.
     Now,  they were  here again.   This  time, the  package with
their instructions  had been a  little larger.  When  they opened
it, they  were shocked and excited more than ever before.  Inside
the package had been simple instructions.

     -    You will each wear *only* the  garments enclosed.  Even
          shoes are not permitted.   You may wear your coats over
          these garments.

     Inside  each package  were  two simple  items,  a thin  blue
hospital  gown, the  type  that tie  at  the back  and  a plastic
hospital  identification bracelet with their  names on it.  Janet
and Bobby had  looked at each other  in stunned silence.   It was
Bobby who  finally spoke.   "I  guess it's  going to  be quite  a
weekend."

     Now  here they  were, parked  once again  outside the  large
house.  Bobby  and Janet felt  somehow more than  naked as  their
bare feet padded across the cool pavement toward the house.  They
could both feel the cool evening air gently wafting up their bare
thighs and across their warm genitals.

     It was Terry  who met them at  the door.  "Hi",  she smiled,
"Are you wearing what you were sent?"

     "Yes Ma'am", they replied in unison.

     "Very good.  Now you should both go upstairs and sit  in the
first room on your right.  You can leave your coats in the closet
down here.  We'll call you when we're ready."

     With  that, Terry turned  and walked upstairs,  leaving them
alone.  With  their coats  safely hung up,  the couple felt  even
more  vulnerable.   They  made their  way  upstairs, helpless  to
prevent the short gowns from parting at the back.  The first room
on the  right looked like  a sitting  room.  Two  straight backed
chairs were  placed  conspicuously in  the  middle of  the  room.
Janet  and Bobby  sat down.   Each  gasped  slightly as  the cool
leather of the chairs touched their overheated genitals.

     It was about five minutes before  the side door to the  room
opened.  "Janet, the doctor will see  you now." said the voice of
Terry.

     Janet took a deep  breath and stood  up and walked into  the
next  room,  leaving her  husband  to  wait.   Inside  the  room,
directly in front of her, Janet  saw a table with her Master  and
Mistress  behind it.  Both  of them were  wearing white lab coats
just like the doctors do.  The room was dimply lit except for the
table and  the  area right  in front  of it.    Chris smiled  and
motioned her into the light.  "Are you ready for your examination
little girl?" he asked.

     Janet found herself trembling as she nodded.

     "Very good" said Chris, "Please clasp your hands behind your
head."

     As Janet  lifted her hands,  she felt the  back of her  gown
opening wide apart to display her buttocks.

     "Now  turn around  slowly for  us."   said  her Master.   No
matter how many times she  did this, Janet couldn't help blushing
as her bare bottom came into view.  She knew that the view of her
naked buttocks excited both her Master and Mistress and that idea
turned her on even more.  As  she turned around, Janet started to
get a good  look at the  rest of the room.   Although the  lights
were dimmer in other parts of the room, Janet could clearly see a
raised table off to the side.  Looking a little closer, she could
make out what  were obviously  metal stirrups at  the end of  the
table just like her doctor's  office!  Janet's heart was pounding
as she turned once again to face  her dominant friends.  From the
look on  their faces, she could tell that  they knew that she had
seen the examining table.

     "Very nice" smiled Chris "Now please remove your gown."

     Janet  removed her  gown  and  without  being  asked,  again
clasped her hands behind her  head.  Seeing Janet completely nude
and vulnerable in front of them turned both Terry and Chris on.

     Janet was  a beautiful woman.   Blond with her  hair cropped
short  for the summer and a faceful of freckles, she often looked
like a tomboy.  But now, without her clothes, she was all woman.
Her figure  was a trim  34b-24-35.  Her  breasts werer  small but
firm.   Her aereola usually dark, got even darked when aroused as
she  was now.   The  nipples themselves  were unusually  long and
thick when  erect and  Terry and Chris  had discovered  that they
were one of the most sensitive parts of her body.  Janet's pretty
little pussy was framed with a light down of blond hair.  Looking
down, Chris could see that she had just trimmed it for  her visit
tonight.   Janet was soon  tofind out that  it would be  the last
night she and her submissive  husband would be allowed pubic hair
for awhile.

     Terry stood up from the table and took Janet by the hand.

     "Come with  me" she said  and led her over  to the examining
table.  Janet had thought that she would be immediately placed in
the steel  stirrups, but Terry had  other plans.  The  exam table
was a little higher than waist height so Terry directed  Janet to
stand on the  little footstool beside it.  To her surprise, Terry
had  her  bend foreward  at the  waist until  her upper  body was
resting on the leather table.

     Janet's eyes followed Terry as she waled around the table to
a counter.   Janet watched  her take something  from a glass  and
then reach down for a tube.  As Terry turned, Janet could clearly
see the  two items.   The tube was K-Y  jelly and the  object was
very obviously  a rectal thermometer.  Terry caught Janet looking
and smiled.

     "We'll start  by taking your  temperature young lady."   she
said as she walked behind the younger woman.

     Janet's ass  had always  been the most  private part  of her
and, although it turned her on to  have it played with, Terry and
Chris had yet to as much as touch her there.

     Janet  felt  Terry's  thumb  and  forefinger  spreading  her
buttocks open  to expose  her crinkled brown  opening.   The cool
touch of the  lubricated thermometer made her gasp  as it touched
her there.  Terry  slide the thin glass tube into  her then stood
up, leaving Janet bent over with  just the tip of the thermometer
sticking from between her firm buttocks.

     Janet was  left there for  a couple of minutes  before Chris
came over and pulled the thermometer from her.

     "Hmmm, a little  warm." he chuckled then  motioned forher to
get up on the table.

     As expected Janet's feet were gently placed  in the stirrups
leaving her open wide.  Terry took Janet's hands and pulled t hem
to the top of  the table.  Soft cuffs fastened  her wrists firmly
to  the table.   A  small  pillow in  the small  of  Janet's back
ensured  that her  breasts thrust  upward as  an offering  to her
Master.

     Chris attached similar cuffs to Janet's ankles thus securing
them to the  steel stirrups.  The stirrups  were then pulled very
wide.   Janet had  never felt so  helpless and so  aroused at the
same time.    There was  nothing  she  could do  to  prevent  her
engorged  pussy  lips from  parting  open to  expose  her soaking
pussy's interior.   Once the  stirrups were fastened  wide apart,
Janet's mobility was severely curtailed.  Still, Terry  and Chris
each took a strap from the side of the table and fastened them to
her knees.   The strap pulled the knee  out and down, keeping her
extremely exposed.

     Now Chris  moved to the end of the  table and Janet felt the
whole end part of the table from below her waist drop away.  From
his vantage point, Chris had a perfect  view of her pussy and her
anus still  slick from the K-Y jelly on  the thermometer.  He let
his fingertips gently slide up her thigh.

     "Excited?" he whispered.

     Janet closed her eyes and nodded.

     "Good"

     Being  on  a leather  table,  fastened  to  the  cool  metal
stirrups  left Janet feeling  more vulnerable, more  exposed than
anytime in her  life.  As Terry  reached down and gently  covered
her eyes with a  blindfold, Janet felt  even more helpless.   Her
sense of hearing was instantly  heightened.  Her ears strained to
hear  what was happening  around her.  She  heard Chris moving at
the counter near her  feet, heard the sound of  items being moved
around, then  sensed that  someone (was it  Chris or  Terry?) was
again sitting between her widely stretched legs.
     The cool touch of a  well lubricated finger at her  anus was
almost a  relief to the  anticipation.   The finger teased  for a
moment or  two then pushed gently until  just the tip had slipped
past the sphincter.  Janet's breathing was coming in short ragged
breaths.     The  finger  twisted  and  turned  in  tiny,  minute
movements, each one causing Janet to squirm in her bonds.
     Suddenly  the finger pushed  deeper, sliding in  slowly, not
stopping until  it was  as deep  as it  would go.   Janet's  toes
curled at the  sensation of being penetrated anally.   The finger
moved in and  out in long  full movements.   Janet felt her  anal
muscles  clench despite  herself thus  intensifying  the feeling.
After a  couple of minutes the finger pulled itself from her only
to be replaced after a moment  by the sensation of something more
unyielding.   A  dildo?  she  thought.   But  this sensation  was
something altogether  different.  Without  being able to  see it,
Janet's senses were  extra sensitive.  The cool lubricated object
now starting to  slide into her was  at first very  thin, thinner
even  that the finger that  had just left her  but as it slid in,
she felt it widen, pushing open her ass.  Whoever had a handle on
the object  was moving it in and out  with a tiny motion, letting
it slide a little deeper and  thus spread her open a little  wide
each time.   On one push it  spread Janet open very  wide and was
held there, stretching her anal ring.   Janet felt it push inward
just a  little further and  to her surprise, the  object was much
narrower.   Her sphincter clenched  down, pulling the object deep
into  her rectum  and then  holding her  open on  a much  thinner
"neck" as  teh wide handle  stopped the object  from disappearing
into her.
     The only sound in the room now was Janet's ragged breathing.
Chris chuckled and  patted her mound with one hand as he stood up
from between Janet's legs.

     "I'd ask you if  you enjoyed that but it's  obvious that you
do."

     Janet  had to  admit  that  it was  true.   Even  bound  and
blindfolded she could  tell how wet  she was.    Again she  heard
movement at the counter then a gentle tug on her pubic hair.  The
sound of a  'snip' of scissors shocked  her.  'Snip,  snip, snip'
and in a  flash, Janet knew what  was happening.  Her  pubic hair
was being  removed!  Janet  heard herself whimpering at  the idea
and she was completely helpless to do anything about it!
     Terry patted Janet's tummy as Chris  continued to remove her
muff.

     "Don't worry, you're  going to look so hot  without it." she
said.

     The  scissors stopped and Chris continued with shaving cream
and a  safety razor  until Janet was  as smooth  as when  she was
eight years old.   "Oh God!"  she thought, "I  wonder if  they're
going to do the same thing to Bobby?"
     Janet felt the straps at  her knees, ankles and wrists being
removed and a moment later, she  was being helped to her feet  by
the dominant  couple.   The sensation of  the rectal  plug, still
lodged deep in her body, was even more intense when standing.
     Janet  was  led  out  of  the  examining  room  while  still
blindfolded and  into another  adjacent room.   chris pulled  her
hands in front of  her and attached them to a  cord that a moment
later  pulled  her  hands  toward  the ceiling.    When  she  was
stretched upwards, the rope was  tied, leaving the pretty girl to
wait for whatever would come next.  Janet heard the sound  of one
person leaving the room while  the other continued to move around
in front of her.   The fingers that then pulled  her nipple erect
and  the sensation  of the  nipple clips  being attached  were no
surprise.

     Back  in the  waiting room,  Bobby  heard the  intercom come
alive again, "Alright Bobby, it's time for your examination."
     Bobby's heart was thumping as he entered the darkened  room.
Like Janet, he moved toward the lit area.

     "Clasp  your hands  behind your  head if  you  please." said
Terry.  "Now turn slowly for me."

     Bobby felt himself blushing as he turned to expose his naked
bottom,  uncovered by  the short  hospital gown.   Terry  had him
pause while facing away from her.   She leaned back in her  chair
and enjoyed the view  of his tight little behind.   She smiled in
the darkness.  'That bottom will be feeling  quite different in a
few minutes.', she thought.

     Terry led Bobby over to the examining table.  Bobby couldn't
help thinking what Janet must have looked like on this table only
a few short minutes ago.  The  steel stirrups that stuck out from
the  end of  the table were  still stretched  wide apart.   Bobby
could  see the  leather  straps hanging  from  them and  pictured
Janet's ankles straining  against them as she was  exposed to her
Master and Mistress.  Suddenly it  occurred to him that it  would
soon be  him with his feet in the  stirrups.  He blushed as Terry
ordered him up onto the table.  A moment later he was told to lie
back and Bobby did so, embarrassed to be put into the humiliating
position   that   women   must   suffer   when   visiting   their
gynaecologist.    Terry  gently  placed  his  feet  in  the steel
stirrups, still  slightly warm from  Bobby's wife's feet.   Terry
reached over  and pulled the  leather straps over his  ankles and
pulled  them tight  as she fastened  him to the  stirrups.  Terry
moved up to the head of the table and took the submissive's man's
hands in hers and  positioned them up to the head of the table so
that Bobby was fully extended on the table.  Leather straps there
held him now helpless  in this exposed position.  Bobby  felt his
breathing quicken as he realized that he was now at his Mistress'
mercy.   Bobby looked up in time  to see Terry's hands descending
with a blindfold that now cut his vision  off from whatever would
happen next.
     With  his sense of hearing  now heightened, Bobby hear Terry
move back  to the  end of the  examining table.   Another  set of
leather straps at his knees pulled them out and down to leave his
genital and anal area overextended and completely exopsed.  Bobby
listened as  Terry moved  around  the room  near the  end of  the
table.   Now he wished  that he had  paid more attention  to just
what  had  been sitting  on  the counter  near  there.   What, he
wondered,  was there  for her  to  use on  him.   Now,  there was
silence.   Bobby held  his breath,  wondering  what would  happen
next.  As  the tip of Terry's well-lubricated  figure touched the
center of  Bobby's anus,  he let  out a  soft sigh.   The  finger
teased there  for a  moment before dipping  inside.   Terry added
more  lubricant to  her long  but slender  figure then  pushed it
deeply into her  young male submissive.  The finger  moved in and
out, twisting  as it  went, adding more  lubricant every  once in
awhile  until the  interior  of  Bobby's  rectum  was  thoroughly
covered  with  vaseline.    By now  Bobby's  hips  were straining
upward, pushing against Terry's  finger despite himself.  As  the
finger pulled from him, Terry felt Bobby's muscles trying to hold
it in.

     "Oh you like that do you?" she asked.

     Terry  chuckled as  she  watched  Bobby  blush  beneath  his
blindfold.   She reached over and  took a rectal plug  similar to
the  one still firmly inserted in  Bobby's wife Janet now tied in
the  next room.   She  eased just  the  tip of  the flesh-colored
plastic past the  resistance of his sphincter and  held it there,
watching his reaction.  Despite  all the stimulation of his anus,
Terry knew that his bottom was very  tight.  She would have to go
a little slower than with Janet.

     The plug eased out slightly  then pushed in a little deeper.
Terry held  it a moment, then let the pressure up and let the tip
of the plug  slide almost  out before sliding  it in even  deeper
this time.  This in and out motion continued.  Terry kept sliding
the lubricated plug  in deeper and  deeper, twisting slightly  as
she did so.   Bobby had started to moan slightly and did so again
as the thickest  part of the plug slid into him, holding his anus
stretched wide apart upon  it.  Terry held this part  of the plug
in him, not letting  the anal ring either push it  out or pull it
in.   She  twisted the plug  slowly through  a full  rotation and
smiled as Bobby  whimpered at the exquisite sensation.   His cock
was now rock hard in front of her and Terry couldn't  help but to
bend down and let  just the tip of  her tongue taste the  drop of
pre-cum  waiting for here there.  Bobby  gasped at the warm touch
of  his Mistress  tongue and  Terry  watched his  cock twitch  in
reaction.   She  chose  this moment  to  add just  a  little more
pressure  and let  the  rectal  plug be  pulled  deeply into  her
submissive friend as his anal  muscles clamped down on the narrow
neck of the plastic intruder.  Terry stepped back as Bobby moaned
loudly  and strained  upward  in his  bonds.   For  a moment  she
wondered if he  would be able to  help from coming but  Bobby was
able to bring himself under control and calm down slightly.
     Terry let him regain his composure for a minute or two while
she  prepared things  at the  counter.   The next  sensation that
Bobby experienced was simliar to his wife's  had been a few short
minutes before.   Terry quickly  and expertly  clipped his  pubic
hair to  a short  stubble using  scissors.   Like Janet, it  took
Bobby a moment or two  to realize exactly what was happening  and
then he  moaned in embarrassment as his  Mistress quickly removed
the last covering  his genitals had from her.   The shaving cream
and razor  were next and  Bobby held his breath  as she carefully
shaved the  sensitive area.  In a few short minutes Bobby's pubis
was as naked as it had been  when he was a child.  Terry  slowly,
sensuously  rubbed warm  oil  around his  cock,  balls and  pubis
leaving his naked cock rock hard.

     Bobby felt  a strange  feeling as  Terry fastened  something
around his cock  and balls.   Without  being able to  see it,  he
wasn't sure what it was.   Terry smiled at the sight of  the baby
pink ribbon  now tied  with a bow  around Bobby's  move sensitive
parts.  The long end of the  ribbon she left hanging down between
his legs.  She'd need it shortly.

     Bobby listened as Terry made her way up the table toward his
chest.   Again,  Terry leaned down  and this  time took  his left
nipple in her mouth.  Bobby  arched his back against the  leather
straps  as his  Mistress bit  down  on his  sensitive nipple  and
pulled  it upwards.   The  tiny nipple  quickly became  erect and
Bobby felt Terry  pull it out further  as she fastened the  metal
clip to it.   Bobby's cock twitched again,  betraying the turn on
that the restraining clip  was to him.  Terry's mouth was already
on the right nipple pulling it erect also.

     With the long rectal plug still  in him and the clips firmly
fastened on his nipples, Bobby  felt Terry releasing him from the
table.  The leather straps on his  wrists were left on and as  he
was pulled up  to a sitting position, Terry  fastened them behind
his back.  As Bobby moved to his feet, his buttocks came together
and he felt the plug sliding even  deeper into his bottom.  Terry
now reached  down to  take hold  of the  end of  the pink  ribbon
firmly tied around Bobby's erect cock and balls.

     "Come  along young man."  she said and gave  a little tug on
the ribbon.

     Bobby  was helpless  to  do  anything  but  obey,  shuffling
forward in  tiny steps hoping not  to walk into  anything.  Terry
led him into  the next room where  his wife Janet was  still tied
with  her hands to  the ceiling.   Janet had not  been left idle.
Chris  had  kept up  the  teasing  on her  body  while Terry  had
prepared  her  husband  on  the  doctor's  examining  table.    A
vibrating magic wand had been playing  all over her hot body  and
Terry could see immediately that the pretty young girl was bathed
in a fine sheen of sweat.  Janet's breathing was coming in ragged
breaths by  now.  Chris had kept the rectal  plug deep in her and
had attached clips identical to Bobby's to Janet's thick nipples.
The vibrator had touched the clips and  the end of the plug every
once in awhile producing a tremor through the firm body.  Janet's
freshly  shaved pussy  had obviously  tasted  the vibrator  also,
thought  Terry as she noticed  the submissive young girl's juices
on  the smooth  lips.   Janet's  clit was  now  erect, poking  up
teasingly between the bare lips.

     Terry led Bobby over  to the center of the room  directly in
front of Janet and  positioned him facing  her.  Chris helped  to
tie  his hands  to the  ceiling also  so that  he  was helplessly
stretched right in front of his wife.   Although the young couple
could not  see each other,  the heat of  each was evident  to the
other.  Janet felt the hot  breath in front of her and  knew that
it must be Bobby.
     Chris and Terry moved  forward and the two submissives  felt
their nipple  clips being adjusted.   A moment later,  there were
only two  clips between  them.  Bobby's  nipples were  now firmly
attached to those of his wife.   Bobby and Janet felt  themselves
pressing against each  other.  Bobby's rigid cock  was now poking
up at Janet's oiled smooth lips.   Terry reached between them  to
guide  the firm  organ up into  his wife.   The couple  moaned in
unison at  the intense  feeling.  Unable  to wait,  Bobby started
moving  in and out  of Janet only  to feel the  ribbon around his
balls pull with a sharp jerk.

     "Not until your told." said his Mistress sharply.

     The tension  of trying to  stay in Janet without  moving was
almost  more  than  Bobby  could  bear.   Janet  also  moaned  in
frustration,  wanting desperately the thrust of Bobby's cock into
her over-sensitized pussy.  Terry and Chris stepped back to enjoy
the  scene.   It was  unique.   The  naked, stretched  submissive
couple  were attached  to  each  other at  the  nipple and  their
genitals.

     "Now then,"  said Terry,  "I suppose you  two would  like to
begin to rut like a couple of dogs in heat wouldn't you?"

     "Oh yes Mistress, please." moaned Bobby and Janet.

     "Very  good." chuckled Chris, "We'll give you a helping hand
then.  Your Mistress and I will be setting the pace."
     A moment  later Janet felt the sharp  crack of a riding crop
against her  naked buttocks  as Chris smacked  her with it.   The
surprise of the smack thrust  her against Bobby, pushing his cock
deep into her  and causing her to  moan loudly.  As  Janet pulled
back a swipe of  the crop by Terry  onto Bobby's buttocks  caused
him  to thrust forward  again.   The sound  of the  dual spanking
continued like a  metronome, spanking first  one then the  other,
controlling the pace  of the couple's rutting.  It  was Bobby who
started to come first.  Chris and Terry had been watching for it.
His breath now  in short desperate  gasps, his buttocks  clenched
again and  again as he arched  himself into Janet.   The movement
pulled at  the clips  which fastened  the  pair's nipples  firmly
together.  Janet felt her nipples  being pulled out by the  clips
as her husband  cried out in front  of her.  Chris  moved forward
and with one  hand twisted the Janet's  rectal plug.  It  was all
she needed.  With a loud sob,  she came too, twsiting and pulling
against  her  bonds and  grinding  her  naked pubis  against  her
husband.  Finally, hanging limply from their wrists, it was over.


     What would happen next? wondered Bobby.

     What could top this? wondered Janet.

     They would soon find out.

Talia's Medical Examination
Story #61 in the Master Chris Collection
___________________________________________________________________

     "What are you wearing tonight?"  asked Chris

     Talia looked up.  There was more to this question than met the
eye.  "I'm not sure.  Did you have  particular preference?"

     Chris smiled.  "Yes, I believe I do."  Moving to her closet he
picked out a short flairing skirt and a thin silk white blouse and
placed them on the bed.

     "Garters and stocking?" asked Talia.

     "No.  Not this time, just the blouse, skirt and your heels."

     Talia felt  rush of excitement surge through her.  Whenever
she and Chris played dominance/submissions games, it was an
incredible high.  Her mind immediately started racing, wondering
what plans he had up his sleeve.  Maybe they weren't even going for
supper.  Perhaps the evening would start right here with Talia
being blindfolded and teased by her dominant lover.  Chris was
always full of surprises and although Talia was yet to find out,
there was one planned for this very evening.

     By the time they left for their evening out, Talia was ready
for her Master.  She had pampered herself in the bathroom, soaking
in a nice hot tub then doing her hair and make-up.  When she
stepped into the bedroom to put on her 'outfit' for this evening,
Talia caught glimpse of herself in the mirror.

     'Hmmm, not bad for a gal pushing 30.' she thought to herself.
Her blond hair was short and curly at the moment and it framed a
pretty tanned face.  Her breasts had never been large, a 34B, but
by the same token they didn't sag at all.  Talia's tan line from
her bikini outlined a tiny pure white triangle over each breast
from the dark sun-tanned skin around them.  The nipple in the
center of each triangle was set off perfectly.  Unlike many blonds,
Talia's nipples were not pink, they were a dark shade of brown.
Although nature had seen fit to give Talia small breasts, her
nipples were not.  If anything, they were unusually long and thick
and perhaps the most sensitive part of her body.

     The residential home where they ended up was not what Talia
was expecting.  What did he have planned here she wondered.
Inside, Chris and Talia were greeted by a pretty woman around
Talia's age wearing a simple skirt and blouse combination.  They
entered and were led to the living room.  The evening was shaping
up to be a simple visit with a friend thought Talia as they three
of them chatted about all kinds of current events.  Talia found out
that Susan was a medial doctor with her own practice and that she
and Chris had met in college.  Susan was a year older than Talia
and the two women found they had lots of things in common.

     It wasn't until well into the evening that Susan brought up a
new subject.

     "So, I understand you're sexually submissive." she said
casually.

     Talia just about choked on her drink.  She had never ever told
anyone about the kinky games she and her lover played.  To be told
about them by a stranger took her breath away.  Talia felt a hot
blush hit her cheeks as she looked over at the attractive blond
doctor.

     Unable to reply, Talia just nodded her head.  Susan smiled.
"I thought so.  Little toys like yourself are so transparent."
Talia blushed again as she realized how true that statement was.
Unless Susan was blind, she should have no trouble figuring out
what Talia enjoyed.

     "Your lover has brought you here for a little surprise."  said
Susan.  He felt that an examination would be appropriate for his
sex toy."

     Susan got up and took Talia's drink from her.  With a movement
of her head, she indicated that Talia should follow her.  Talia
looked over at Chris only to see that he was standing too waiting
for her to obey.  "Do as you're told Talia." he said quietly.

     Talia felt her knees tremble as she got to her feet.  This was
completely uncharted territory.  Unable to stop her mind from
wandering, Talia wondered what would happen to her.  An
examination?  What would that entail?  Just the word reminded Talia
of her last Gynaecological exam.  Every time she had to put her
feet into those steel stirrups she blushed with embarrassment.  It
didn't seem to matter that her doctor was always completely
professional, just the thought of being that exposed to him was
mortifying.

     Susan walked along the corridor and turned down the carpetted
stairs into the basement.  At the bottom of the stairs, Talia saw
that the basement was remodeled into Susan's office.  There was a
large desk off to one side with filing cabinets against one wall.
     There were a couple of chairs in front of the desk.  On the
other side of the room the more medical supplies were stored.
There was a counter with glass covered shelves above it and a sink
and, of course the ever-present examining table.

     Susan sat down in her chair behind the desk.  Talia went to
sit in one of the chairs in front of it but Susan stopped her.
"Just stand there." she was told.

     Talia waited nervously.  Behind her she heard Chris' footsteps
coming down the stairs and then stop.  She turned to find him
sitting on the third stair, waiting, watching.

     Susan got up from the desk and moved over to the other side of
the room.  A moment later, she returned carrying the small step
that had been beside the examining table that was used by patients
to step up on the table.  She walked over to Talia and put it down
in front of her.  "Step up."  she said.

     Talia stepped up on the step feeling even more on display.
Susan walked back around the desk to sit down.  Susan waited
another minute or so, just admiring the view before she spoke
again.

     "Alright Talia", she said, "Now remove all your clothing.
Everything."

     Talia's heart skipped a beat.  She had known this was coming
of course, but to actually have to remove her clothes in front of
this strange woman was intensely embarrassing.  She started with
the shoes.  She must have seen plenty of naked women, thought
Talia.  It didn't make any difference.  Chris had deliberately made
sure that there was very little to remove and in a few moments,
Talia's skirt followed her blouse and shoes as it sank to a puddle
at her feet.

     "Now turn around." said Susan.

     Talia turned around several times on the small stair.  After
a couple of turns, Susan had her stop again, this time facing away
from her and showing a profile to Chris.  "Clasp your hands behind
your back.  No, elbows further back than that."

     Now, with her hands stretched up and back, Talia's firm
breasts and rigid nipples were thrust up and out.  Despite her
acute desire, she didn't lower her hands to cover her blond bush.

     Susan got up again from behind the desk and moved over to
Talia, getting a closer look as she walked all around.  Talia's
face was flushed a bright red.  She had never been so embarrassed.

     "Follow me."  said Susan again and walked toward the examining
table.

     Talia had been dreading this.  She walked toward the table
with tiny steps.  Susan helped her get up on the table and lay down
on her back.  Unlike the doctor's office, there was no paper
covering the black leather of the table.  The leather was warm and
humid against her skin.

     Talia lay passively as Susan walked around her again.  She did
not resist as her hands were taken and pulled to the head of the
table.  Leather cuffs were wrapped around her wrists and attached
to the head of the bed.  Talia was now a prisoner of this dominant
doctor and her dominant lover.  Chris had approached the table now
and stood at the end.  Walking forward, he gently spread her legs
and slipped her feet into the stirrups.  Standing between her
knees, he took straps attached to the stirrups and firmly covered
her ankles with them.  She was now helpless to keep from having her
legs spread.  Susan walked to the end of the table and pulled
gently at Talia's naked hips.


     Talia slid her bottom to the end of the table, letting her
knees push up and apart as he did so.  The ankle straps on the
stirrups kept her feet tightly held down.

     Susan took long leather straps and tied them around the tops
of Talia's thighs then pulled thm down to keep Talia's bottom
pulled toward the end of the table.  Additional straps around her
wrists kept Talia's arms pulled to the top of the table.  Her naked
outstretchd body was now offered completely to Susan and Chris.
Susan re-adjusted the stirrups to further spread Talia's legs
apart.  Talia closed her eyes, surrendering herself to her master
and his friend.  She sensed rather than saw Susan move to the end
of the table and step between the stirrups.  Susan's slender
fingers slid through Talia's blond curly pubic hair.  Talia felt
Susan gently tug at the short hair.  A moment later, another tug
followed by the distinctive "snip" of scissors told Talia that her
pubic hair was being removed.  The scissor were soon replaced by
the warm wet sensation of shaving cream as Susan rubbed it over the
remaining stubble.  A safety razor pulled across the sensitive
pubis of the young girl, leaving her pussy now bare and smooth as
it was when she was a child.

     Chris moved up to Talia and tied a black silk scarf over her
still-closed eyes.  Talia felt his hands glide down her face,
touching with just his fingertips.  The fingers trailed further
downward, tickling her neck, sliding down to her breasts.  Talia
arched her back as her master held her nipples between his thumb
and forefinger.  Chris squeezed and tugged upward, pulling Talia's
breasts upward.  He let go, letting the nipples slip out of his
grasp.  Talia gasped.  Her nipples were now hard and swollen,
sticking out almost their full 3/4 inch length.  Chris took the
left one in his fingers again and pulled it outward.  Talia moaned
softly in appreciation.  Her nipples were aching to be touched.
Chris watched Talia squirm as he let the nipple clip close gently
on the thick left nipple.  The pressure was not painful but the
thick brown nipple was now squeezed with a steady pressure.  He
repeated the same procedure with the right nipple.  Susan had
placed herself on a stool between Talia's bound legs.  From there,
her view of the pretty girl's outstretched body was unrestricted.
Susan smiled to herself as she watched Talia's now-bare pussy
lubricate as Chris played with her nipples.

     With her nipples now firmly held by the clips and her body
completely restrained, Chris and Susan now turned their attention
to between the young girl's legs.  The stimulation of Talia's large
nipples was now showing between her long athletic thighs.  Susan
and Chris could already see that her now very visible pussy lips
had puffed out and were pink from the rush of blood through them.

     Susan reached out with both hands and, using her thumbs,
peeled back the thick labia to reveal the delicate pink interior.
Talia was soaked.  She blushed yet again as the two dominants
exposed her more than she ever had been in her life.  She did not
know that she would be exposed much more than this before the night
was over.

     Talia could hear Susan moving around but did not know what she
was doing.  There was a counter at the end of the room and Susan
was standing at it.  Talia's hearing became even more acute as she
strained to hear what was happening.  For the moment, no one was
touching her.  The sharp clink of somethink metallic made Talia
jump.  'What were they going to do to her?' she wondered.  Talia
sensed rather than saw Susan moving back between her legs.  A
moment later, her thoughts were confirmed as Susan's slender
fingers gently strocked Talia's smooth pussy lips.  Talia gasped at
the sensation.  The shaving of her labia had made her lips ten
times more sensitive.  She knew that if the woman doctor kept
stroking her, she wouldn't be able to help having an orgasm.

     Susan was using two hands now, using her finger and thumbs to
spread the lips wide apart and show the hot, wet interior.  After
a few minutes of stroking and teasing, the fingers stopped.  The
tension in the room went up a notch.  Neither Chris nor Susan said
anything.  Talia was breathing shallowly, listening, tense for what
might come next.  The touch of the warm object at her pussy lips
made her start.  'What was it?' she thought.  The object teased the
outside of her lips before Susan spread them once again and urged
it inside of her.  'A dildo or vibrator.' were Talia's first
thought.  But the feeling wasn't quite right.  Talia had enjoyed a
variety of dildo's and vibrator's inserted into her and this didn't
feel like any of them.  Susan eased the object deeper until only a
handle of some kind was left sticking out.

     The object wasn't painful in any way but Talia held her
breath, as though being absolutely silent would help her determine
the nature of the object that had been inserted deep into her body.
She didn't have long to wait before finding out for certain.  Susan
reached down again and a moment later, Talia felt the object move
inside of her.  It seemed alive for a moment and then she realized
what was happening.  The object was getting wider, spreading apart.
In fact, the object was a Doctor's speculum.  Just as had been
inserted to her while her feet were in the stirrups at her own
doctor's office!

     Susan squeezed the handle slowly watching the opening to
Talia's shaven pussy spread wide, wide apart.  When the speculum
was fully extended, she locked the handle, leaving the young girl
wide open for inspection.

     Talia blushed deeply for what must have been the thousandth
time.  She couldn't imagine being so embarrassed.  She had been
examine* (  before but this was different.  It wasn't
enough to be completely naked in front of her Master and a strange
dominant woman.  Even her insides were to be on display!  With the
speculum holding her wide open, the pressure on her clit had
increased.  Despite herself, Talia felt herself getting even more
excited.

     Talia felt the tips of the Doctor's fingers stroking her inner
thigh and along the sensitive stretched sides of her open lips.
The fingers traced outside her pussy and trailed lower and lower
until their tips were touching the bottom of her pussy lips,
dangerously close to her stretched rear passage.  Although Chris
had teased Talia's ass several times, it was a part of her body
that always left her embarrassed to be played with.  Talia tensed
for a moment as the fingers slid through her thick juices that
continued to trickled down the crack of her ass.

     The fingers left and Talia was left with the sensations of the
speculum pressing against her clit and keeping her complete pussy
exposed to the air.  The constant pressure on her thick, elongated
nipples was a continuing source of stimulation and Talia felt
herself try to squirm in her bonds.  The doctor was back in a
moment and Talia suddenly felt a very cool touch right at the
center of her anus.  The vaseline covered finger teased the outside
of the crinkled opening in tiny circles.  Talia found that she was
holding her breath, knowing what must come next.  Just the tip of
the delicate female finger nudged inside of Talia's bottom, opening
her bottom up to her Mistress as Talia gasped at the senstation.
The finger was motionless for a long pause as the younger girl got
used to the finger, then, relentless, it began to push in.  Talia
heard herself whimper as if from a distance as the finger slowly
pushed in as far as it could go.  Again it stopped and time seemed
to stop too for Talia as she waited for the next sensation.  Now
the finger began to twist slowly back and forth in a long, full
rotation.  Talia had never felt anything like this.  Along with the
rotation, the long delicate finger began sliding in and out in long
smooth motions.  Despite herself, Talia felt herself trying to push
herself even even harder onto the penetrating finger.  On one
stroke, the thin finger was joined by a second and now two fingers
were sliding in and out.

     An orgasm was just moments away for Talia, she was sure but
suddenly the fingers pulled out again, leaving her gasping for air
and squirming.  Talia moaned in frustration.  The doctor moved away
from the girl.  Both Susan and Chris could smell the young girl's
sex as it continued to flood with her juices.  Talia felt a touch
again at her now opened anus.  Was it a butt plug, she wondered?
Chris had used a couple when they had played before and although it
embarrassed her severely, she had enjoyed the sensation.  The hard
intruder at her rear twisted slightly and then slid in.  It didn't
feel like a plug, thought Talia as it slid gently into her rectum.
Combined with the over-full sensation of the speculum in her
vagina, Talia felt every milimeter of this rectal intruder as it
penetrated her.  Finally it was all the way in.  Talia was
struggling for oxygen now.  It seemed she was gasping all the time.
She felt, rather than saw Chris lean close to her.  He grasped one
of the nipple clips and pulled on it gently.  "I think you'll enjoy
this." he said.  As he pulled upward on the thick, sensitive
nipple, the object in Talia's bottom started to move.  For a moment
she couldn't place the sensation, but then it hit her.  The object
was getting larger!  Susan had inserted in a smaller speculum into
her rectum!  Squeezing the handle, Susan watched Talia's crinkled
opening stretch as it opened until the skin was pulled smooth and
tight.  Talia was whimpering openly now.  She thought she had been
exposed before, but this was beyond her imagination!  Susan
chuckled.  She knew that the 2 objects were not hurting the girl,
but she also knew that the sensations of being opened at both holes
simulaneously was incredible.

     Talia was pulling at her bonds now, as the teasing of her body
continued at her nipples, pussy and ass.  She thought this was as
much as she could expect, but of course, she was wrong.  She could
barely feel the tiny plastic eggs as they were dropped into her
pussy and inserted deep into her rectum but as Susan turned the
small but powerful vibrators on, she couldn't help but notice.

     Talia cried out loud as the sensation of the two strong
vibrators started out simulaneously from deep inside her belly.  It
was as if her whole body was vibrating.  She pulled frantically at
her bonds as she felt her sensations being pushed over the
red-line.  The orgasm started somewere deep in her body and spread
outwards, gathering momentum like a snowball as it did.  There was
no part of her body spared, from her nippes, to her anus to her
fingertips, the hot wave of her cumming hit like a freight train.
Talia felt the world close down as she almost lost conciousness.
The first wave was followed by a second and then a third, Talia did
not keep count.  She cried out, pulled at her wrist and ankle
straps but the orgasm kept going.  She wanted it to stop, wanted it
to keep going and felt like she'd been cumming for hours.

     Finally, finally, finally it slowed down, leaving her hot,
sweating body heaving on the examination table.  All there was for
Talia was a warm glow that went through every part of her body.
She barely noticed first the vibrators then the two instruments
being pulled from between her legs.  The nipple clips were removed
and Susan and Chris helped from the table and into the hot tub.

     It was a couple of hours later, with Chris and Talia now back
home and curled up around the fireplace when he finally looked down
and asked if she'd like playing "Doctor".

     "Well." she said, smiling slightly, "I think you may need an
examination yourself sometime soon."

Kathy gives herself to her husband
Fantasy # 62 in the Master Chris Collection
________________________________________________________________

     Kathy was excited.  After weeks of thinking, she had finally
figured out what to get her husband  David for his birthday.  And
not a moment too soon.  Today was the day!
     Kathy  had wondered  what she  could give  her husband  that
would  be  special  enough  that  his   35th  birthday  would  be
remembered  for a  long time and  in a moment  of brilliance that
morning  it had come  to her.   David had just  left for work and
Kathy was getting ready for her day.  Stepping out of the shower,
she  moved into their  bedroom and  stood in  front of  the full-
length mirror.   "Hmmm, not bad."  she thought.  Her  32-year old
body was still in trim shape thanks to a regular exercise regimen
and jogging three  times a week.  Kathy stood 5'6" and weighed in
at about 110lbs.  Her breasts were not large, but were still very
firm with no  evidence of sag whatsoever.   Kathy turned sideways
and saw that  her buttocks were also  firm.  David loved  her ass
and was always fondling it when they were together.
     Suddenly it occured to Kathy what she could give David for a
present.  Herself!  She'd treat  him to a night of fabulous  sex.
They hadn't had a sex filled evening  for ages.  As the plan came
together, Kathy had a  better idea.  David had often  told her of
his fantasies of being a dominant lover or having her play as his
sex slave  for the evening.  Tonight she  would offer her body to
her "Master" for the night.
     Kathy got dressed and jumped in  the car.  There was a  sex-
shop downtown she knew of that would be just perfect for what she
needed.  Entering  the store, Kathy blushed, embarrassed at being
there.  Once  she looked around, she was  a bit more comfortable.
The store  was brightly lit and  the woman at  the counter seemed
pleasant.  Kathy looked up and down a couple of aisles, amazed at
the incredible  collection of gadgets and magazines.  She decided
to  return  another  day  with  David to  pick  out  some  things
together.  Today, however, her needs were very specific.   On one
counter  were a number of  handcuffs and Kathy  picked out a pair
that looked solid  and reliable.  She  moved toward the  cash and
was just about  to pay for her purchase when  another item caught
her  attention.   "Slippery Rear-Lube"  said the  tube in  bright
colors.  Kathy had always resisted having her ass played with but
the thought of what she was going to do tonight had made her both
wet and adventurous.  She picked  up the tube on impulse and  put
it next to  the handcuffs on the  counter.  "A good  slave should
offer all of herself to her  Master." she thought to herself with
a smile.

     Back home, Kathy  continued her preparations.  She moved the
living   room  furniture  around  slightly  to  set  the  perfect
scenario.  Kathy and David's  front door opened directly onto the
living room so  this was where Kathy  set the stage.   Moving the
couch off to  the side and them  pulling the coffee table  to the
other side  left the middle  of the living room  completely open.
Kathy pulled the large easy chair  to the center of the room  and
turned it so  it was facing away from  the front door.   The easy
chair was just the right height for what she had in mind.

     Kathy  took an envelope  and in large  letters wrote "David,
Open BEFORE entering house!"  She then sat down and wrote a short
note and then put the note and the keys to the handcuffs into the
envelope.  The note said:

          David,
          I  know you've  often talked  about  me being  your sex
          slave for the  night.  Well tonight it's  going to come
          true.  I  am giving myself to you body and soul for the
          night as a birthday present.  Until the sun comes up, I
          will obey your every command, fulfill you every desire.
          You may do with my body as you choose.  The keys in the
          envelope are to the handcuffs I know where.

          Happy birthday my Master, I love you.

          Kath.

     With a deep breath, Kathy sealed the envelope and left it on
the table for when she'd need it.  Moving upstairs, she collected
the other  things she needed.   In her  drawer there was  a black
silk scarf  that was perfect for a blindfold.  In the back of her
nightstand was the vibrator Kathy and David played with from time
to time.  Kathy brought these to the living room and put  them on
the coffee  table with  a bottle of  baby oil from  the bathroom.
She hesitated  a minute or two  then added the tube  of lubricant
from the sex-shop.   With its bright  label, she knew that  David
would see it right away.

     Kathy  went  to  the  bathroom  and  treated  herself  to  a
luxurious bath.   She noticed her hands wandering  over her mound
and started to play with herself.   She had been itching to touch
herself since this morning.  With a real effort, Kathy pulled her
hands away.  She'd save all that heat for her "Master".

     When  she'd finished all  her preparations and  make up, she
debated about lingerie.  Should she wear her sexy garter belt and
stockings?   Perhaps  the  teddy that  unsnapped  at the  crotch?
Finally,  she  decided that  nothing  at  all  would be  just  as
effective.  Pulling on a robe, Kathy padded from the bedroom into
the living room  and picked up the  phone.  She found  that David
would  be home at 5:30 and asked him  to be righ on time and told
him that she  had prepared "something  special" for his  birthday
tonight.

     As 5:30 approched, Kathy became  more and more nervous.  She
almost cancelled the  whole idea a hundred times  as she wondered
what her husband would do with her.

     At  5:20,  with  her  heart  thumping  madly,  she took  the
envelope with the  keys and note and  taped it to the  outside of
the front door.  Kathy removed her robe and hun it up in the hall
closet.   She checked  once again that  the living  room curtains
were  firmly  closed  and  then  went over  to  the  easy  chair.
Standing  behind the chair,  she took the silk  scarf and tied it
carefully over  her eyes.   She made sure  it was both  tight and
that it covered her eyes completely.

     The loss of  sight had her pussy  twitch.  She was  dying to
touch herself.   "If I do that,  I'll come in about  30 seconds."
she thought to herself and that would never do.  Kathy had placed
the handcuffs on the back of the easy chair and she felt for them
there.  She clicked one half over her left wrist and  then placed
her hands behind  her.  With another steel  click, her commitment
to  the evening  was  assured.   Now the  only  person who  could
release her was David.

     The chair  back was the  perfect height and  Kathy carefully
bent over it at the waist until her pretty blond head was resting
on the pillows.  She rested her hips on the chair back and spread
her  feet wide apart as  she did so.  Bent  over like that, Kathy
could feel her tight buttocks naturally part to offer both of her
holes  to her Master.  She imagined the  view from the rear as he
walked in the front door and knew he'd be pleased.

     Kathy knew there were only a few minutes to wait but even so
her mind started  to race with what  was about to happen  to her.
With her rear so exposed and the lubricating jelly in plain view,
she  knew her bottom would  soon be penetrated  by her husband at
leisure.  His  finger certainly followed by perhaps  his cock, or
even the vibrator  she realized!   As the sound  of a car  pulled
into the driveway  it occured to her  that she had not  let David
know that  he must come home alone!   Kathy almost jumped up from
the chair and her heart pounded like mad as she listened intently
to the  footsteps coming  up the walk.   Was it  one set  or two?
Holding her breath, she decided that she would have to just trust
her husband, her master.

     Kathy heard the sound of  the envelope being pulled from the
door  and the ripping sound as it opened.  Despite the blindfold,
her eyes were clenched shut now as she waited for what would come
next.  A moment later the door opened and her adventure began.
Jim finds a Dominant Girlfriend
Story #63 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________
     Jim wondered how  he had ever ended up  in this predicament.
He was at  home, in his apartment, but the position he was in was
unusual.  The only article of clothing that Jim was wearing was a
blindfold.  He was on his bed  on his knees waiting in what was a
very embarrassing  position for him  and all because  of Heather,
his girlfriend.
     It hadn't started out this way.  Jim had been on the rebound
when  he met  Heather at a  party of  a mutual  friend.   She was
drop-dead  gorgeous.   Just  twenty-six years  old, only  2 years
younger than  Jim, Heather was  blond, 5'5" tall with  a 34-24-34
body.    Regular  visits to  the  health  club kept  her  body in
incredible  shape and  Jim  wasn't  the  only person  who's  head
swivelled  that night at the  party.  Heather  had been wearing a
short mini-dress with a deep plunging  back.  It was obvious that
she was wearing no bra and the skirt was tight enough that it was
questionable whether she was even wearing panties.
     Jim was  captivated by her  at first  sight.  At  some point
during the evening it was Heather who came over to Jim and struck
up a  conversation.  They met again later  that week and had been
seeing each other ever since for the last 6 months.
     At first  sex with  Heather was straight  forward.   She was
energetic  in bed  and  constantly being  imaginative.   She  was
willing to try anything once and the young  couple had tried just
about everything.   Over  the last couple  of months,  however, a
trend had started to surface.
     It started with an innocent comment one night.  Jim had been
late for a  date and when  he had finally  picked up Heather  for
dinner, it  had  been  almost  an hour  and  a  half  later  than
expected.  In the car Jim  had apologized for being late and  not
calling to let Heather  know.  She had smiled and  said "It's ok,
but next  time I'll  turn you over  my knee."   Jim  had laughed,
perhaps  a little  too  loudly  and when  he  looked sideways  at
Heather to see if she was serious or not, she was just smiling at
him.
     A week later,  Jim was late again.  This time, dinner was at
Heather's  and again he  didn't call.   Heather let  him into the
apartment.   Jim went sat down in the  living room and started to
apologize.  Heather walked over to him and said, "Do you remember
what I said  I'd do if you  were late again?"  Jim  certainly did
but didn't think she could be serious.  Heather held out her hand
"Come with me." she said.
     "You can't be serious." said Jim.
     "I was never more serious in my life." said his girlfriend.
     "Well forget it."
     "Fine."  said Heather "But  then you'd better  leave because
I'm  not going  to stand  for such  unacceptable behaviour  going
unanswered,   and  if you  leave, you  won't be  back."   Heather
walked to the door opened  it and held it for him.   Jim couldn't
believe it.  He froze for a moment and then mumbled "Ok."

     "What?   I didn't hear  you." said Heather closing  the door
and coming back to stand in front of him.
     "I said ok then." said Jim in a quiet voice.
     Heather held out her hand again and Jim took it and followed
her to the end of the room.
     "Take  off  your pants."  she  said.    Jim did  so  feeling
foolish.  "Now the underwear  and the socks  too while you're  at
it."
     Jim  was left  in only  his  shirt and  despite the  unusual
circumstances,  he felt  himself  getting  hard.    His  erection
started to poke up and out of his shirt.   Heather just smiled as
she noticed.
     "Mmmm, enjoying this are you?"
     Jim blushed at the comment.
     "Now stand in the corner there with your nose pressed to the
corner of the  room.  I'll let  you know when it's  time for your
spanking."
     Jim did as  he was told feeling  even more naked as  he lost
sight of  the room.  He felt  like his now bare  buttocks were on
display  to Heather.   Behind  him he  could hear  Heather moving
about  the apartment, seemingly  in no hurry to  get started.  It
was about 10 minutes before she was ready.
     "Alright  then." she  said "Now  turn  around and  come over
here.     Jim turned to see Heather sitting in one of the kitchen
chairs she had  moved to the center of the living  room.  She had
changed and  was now wearing  only her  lace teddy.   Jim's  cock
stiffened again  as he  saw her dark  nipples poking  through the
shear fabric.
     Heather patted  her lap and  motioned Jim to lay  across it.
Once he was in position he felt her hand slide up  his thighs and
push them apart.   His straining cock started to twitch  again as
she squeezed his balls gently.
     "Now." she said "Do you know why you're being punished?"
     "Yes" said Jim
     A sharp  smack on Jim's  right buttock made  him gasp   "Yes
what?" said Heather.
     "Yes Miss" said Jim.
     "That's better." said his girlfriend.  Now  then, since this
is  your first  spanking, I'll try  to go  easy on you  but don't
expect to get up until my hand has these buns nice and hot."
     Jim was  starting to squirm.   As Heather spoke,  her finger
were trailing up  and down his buttocks.   Every fourth or  fifth
stroke or so, her long fingernail slid up his crack from the back
of  his balls, right  across his anus  to the small  of his back.
Every  time it crossed his anus,  his cock twitched involuntarily
against Heather's naked thigh.
     The fingers stopped and the spanking started.  All in all it
wasn't that hard but  as promised, Jim's bottom was  hot when she
finished.   Once she  was done,  it was  back in  the corner  for
another  ten  minutes with  his  bottom  "On display".    Finally
Heather  came up  behind him and  told him  to turn around.   Jim
turned to find Heather completely  naked and kneeling in front of
him.  She leaned forward and took his now aching hardon  into her
mouth and within a couple of minutes had him shaking at the knees
as he came  in a thundering  orgasm.   She hungrily swallowed  it
all.
     Much later, while  lying in bed, Heather snuggled  up to him
and asked, "You didn't mind your spanking too much did you?"
     Jim had shaken his head.
     "Do you like when I take charge." asked Heather.
     "It was fun when you did." said Jim
     "Well maybe I will again." she said.
     That had  been the  first time,  but by  no means  the last.
With this newfound  area of their sexual  relationship uncovered,
Heather had been exploring it with incredible zeal.  Each week it
seemed, she  had a new  way of having  him be submissive  to her.
Sometimes it  was as  simple as having  him naked  while she  was
completely clothed.  Other times  she had tied him securely while
teasing  his body.  The spankings  continued with some regularity
and  other punishments were also  introduced.  Jim had discovered
the feeling of nipple clips  on his sensitive nipples and once  a
paddle had  replaced Heather's hand  in his spanking.   Just like
the first time, Heather's fingers occasionally teased his bottom.
A couple of times Jim had been sure that she would slide a finger
in but  it had not happened.   He was sure that if  she did so he
would not be able to keep from coming.
     This week had  seen something new again.   Friday's date was
to be at  Jim's apartment.  On Thursday, a package arrived at the
office  with his name on it.  It  was from Heather.  Inside was a
videotape and a note saying 'Be sure to watch this tonight'.
     That night Jim had  plugged the video into  the VCR and  had
sat down  to watch.   The subject  had been  a shock.   The  tape
started with a view of Heather's living room.  Heather had walked
into the picture a moment later.
     "Hello lover" said  his girlfriend's image.   "I bet  you're
wondering why the video?  Well, Jill is helping me tape this so I
could send you this very special message.  I know  we have a date
tomorrow and I  want you to be  ready for me just the  way I want
you.  Just to be sure, I'm going to show you what I expect.
     "You've been a naughty boy again this week and you know what
that means.  Remember the first time  I spanked you in this room?"
     Heather was  walking around her  living room and  the camera
followed  her.    Jim  blushed  as  he  realized  that  Heather's
girlfriend  Jill was watching  and listening as  Heather told his
submissive secret.
     Heather walked over  to the corner of the room  that Jim had
now  spent many  times in  and pressed  herself into  the corner.
"Remember  standing her like this?" she  asked over her shoulder.
"But of course  you are  usually more  exposed than I  am at  the
moment.   Don't worry, tomorrow  night you'll be standing  in the
corner of  your bedroom  after your spanking.   That's not  how I
want you to prepare  for me this time  though.  Come on  and I'll
show you."
     Heather left the living room  and the camera followed along,
moving down the corridor and into her large bedroom.
     "I'll want you waiting  for me in your bedroom."   she said.
"Now, I'll  want you  to be  completely naked  for me."   Heather
started to remove  her shirt.   As usual, she  was not wearing  a
bra.   Jim felt  his cock  growing as he  watched his  girlfriend
strip for  the camera.   That she was  doing so in front  of Jill
made him even hotter.   The skirt was next and  then the high-cut
panties, leaving Heather completely nude.
     "You  may  want to  watch  this  part several  times."  said
Heather, but I  expect you to be  in the perfect position  when I
arrive  at 8:00 o'clock.   I'll want  you on the  bed like this."
Heather  got up on the  edge of the bed  on her knees facing away
from the bedroom door.  The camera was now almost directly behind
her and she talked to it over  her shoulder.  "There is one piece
of clothing I'd  like you to wear."  she said and picked  up silk
scarf from  the bed.  "Make  sure the blindfold covers  your eyes
completely.  I don't want you able to see a thing."  Heather tied
the  ends of  the scarf  behind her  head  and then  spoke again.
"Once you're blindfolded,  arrange yourself exactly as  I'm doing
on my bed."
     Heather  turned around  to  face away  from  the camera  and
adjusted herself  so that her  ankles were just hanging  over the
edge of the bed.   She spread her knees wide, wide apart and then
slowly  bent  at the  waist until  her  head was  resting  on the
bedspread.  The  effect was not lost  on Jim.  Heather's  ass was
raised high up in the air and her buttocks naturally spread apart
to give a perfect view of  her pussy from behind and, of  course,
the  crinkled opening  of  her anus.   Jim  could hear  his heart
pounding as  he  watched.   Now  Heather's hands  reached  around
behind her and she placed one on each of her  buttocks.  Then, in
a  movement that  made Jim  gasp,  she pulled  her buttocks  wide
apart!
     The camera moved  in slightly but  it didn't  need to.   Jim
could not  have imagined  a more exposing  position.   The camera
kept the view  for a good minute  or two and Jim  was motionless,
captivated by the  sight.  Finally Heather lifted  herself up and
pulled off her blindfold.
     "Remember"  she said, smiling  directly into the  camera, "I
expect you to  be in that exact position at 8 o'clock and you are
to stay  in that position until  you're told otherwise.   I'll be
using my  key to get  in.   Oh yes,  one other  thing."   Heather
reached over to the dresser  and picked something up.   "I picked
up  this little toy while Jill and  I were at the sex shop today.
You can expect  to become acquainted with it  tomorrow."  Heather
lifted her hand to show her new "toy".
     Jim stared in disbelief.   The toy was in fact  a butt plug.
The flesh coloured dildo was very tapered at the end then  flared
out to about an  inch in diameter before narrowing at the "neck".
The base  of the 5 inch plug was very  wide so that the sphincter
muscles could not  pull the object deep  into the body.   Jim had
seen such toys  before but now his girlfriend  seemed to indicate
that he would be on the receiving end of this one!
     The  screen faded  to black  leaving Jim  very excited.   He
replayed the video over and over.  Now here it  was, 8 o'clock on
Friday and he was naked but for  a blindfold on his own bed.  His
hands kept his buttocks wide apart as he waited.
     The  sound  of the  front door  opening made  him jump.   It
closed loudly and he found his hearing listening intently for the
sound of footsteps.   He could hear footsteps  walking around the
living room for  a few minutes before walking down the hall.  'My
God!' he suddenly thought,  'What if she's not alone.'   As scary
as that thought was Jim's cock twitched at the thought.
     Finally  Jim heard the door  to his bedroom  creak open.  He
could feel that  he was being  looked at and  his cock seemed  to
get, impossibly, longer.
     What would happen next, he  wondered.  He did not  have long
to wait.

The Farmer's Daughter
Story # 66 in the Master Chris Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Bye Hon" called Betty's Mom.  "I'll see you later!"

"Mmmm"  said Betty,  "a  whole  day to  play."   Betty  stretched
languorously and then  kicked the covers from her  naked, 17 year
old body.  Betty had shunned nightclothes since she was 13.  With
one final stretch, the lithe teenager rolled off the bed and onto
her feet.  As usual, the first sight  to greet the young girl was
the view of her full length mirror in her bedroom.

"Well sexy,  what shall we  do with you  today?" Betty  asked her
reflection.   Reaching up  with both hands,  she grasped  her "B"
size breasts and squeezed them gently.  The sensation always send
a shiver  down her spine.  With the  thumb and forefinger of each
hand, she grasped  her fat pink nipples and pulled  them out from
her  body.   "Come  along  you farmer's  daughter!"  she said  to
herself "into the  shower."  Betty  and her family  had lived  on
their farm all their lives.  Today, however, she had the place to
herself.  With  her Mom out shopping  for the day and  her father
and brother out on a fishing  trip, she'd be able to do what  she
wanted with her day.

"A few minute later, Betty was wrapped in an oversize terry towel
and drying  her hair  when she  heard the doorbell.   "Damn  he's
early." she thought then ran down the stairs.  Peeking around the
door,  she saw  that, sure  enough, it  was her  boyfriend, John.
"C'mon in, but I'm not even dressed yet." she said.

"Don't bother on my account." grinned John.

Betty tossed  her head  insolently as she  scampered back  up the
stairs.   John quietly followed her up the  stairs.  Betty was in
panties  and just  pulling on  a  bra when  her boyfriend  peeked
around the corner of the open door.  "Hey don't wear one of those
he said."

"John!"  squealed Betty  as  she  threw the  bra  in the  general
direction of his head and covered up her  breasts with her hands.
A moment later  she dropped her  hands to her sides,  letting him
see  everything.  "He's seen it all already" she thought.  Still,
Betty didn't  wear a bra, instead she pulled  out a tube top from
her drawer and then put on  her favourite cut-off jeans, the ones
that seemed to mold themselves to her body.

John and  Betty shared some breakfast together  and chatted about
mundane topics  for the next few  minutes.  Betty's  mind had now
completely woken up and she was becoming more and more curious as
to what the two of them would be doing today.  Betty and John had
been  fooling around  together since  they'd  been going  steady,
about 2  years  now.   Betty  had gone  "all  the way"  with  her
boyfriend although  she knew that  her parents would kill  her if
they  found out.    In Betty's  family,  the usual  over-the-knee
spanking would be  the least of her troubles if  they really knew
how much John and she did together.

"So, what'cha want to do today?"  Asked John.  Betty shrugged her
shoulders.  "I  don't know."   she  said "But I  hope it's  fun."
Hand in hand, the two teens headed out the door for a walk.  Past
the south  pasture and  along a wooded  trail, they  talked about
friends  and local  events.  When  they got  to the  nearby pond,
Betty  was delighted to find it was deserted.  On many occasions,
there were a few of the local kids swimming here.

"C'mon  John, let's skinny dip!"   said Betty.   In a flash,  her
orange tube  top was  over her head  and her  cut-offs were  in a
puddle at her feet.  Squealing, Betty jumped right into the pond.
As she  surfaced, she turned around.   John was  just pulling his
shorts off, leaving Betty  with a clear view  of his naked  body.
"Mmmm," she said to herself, "he sure is gorgeous."  Betty licked
her lips as  John's cock and balls came into view, nestled in his
thick  blond  curls.   A  moment and  a  splash  later, John  was
surfacing in the water right beside her.

Betty reached  over and grabbed  his long penis under  the water.
"Got something for me there handsome?"   she said in a coy voice.


John's cock  immediately thickened  at her  touch.  "Mmmhmm",  he
said and it's got plans for you today."

"Oh?"  said Betty

"Would you like  to try something adventurous?" said  John  "I've
got a couple of ideas that would be very hot."

Betty arched her back,  and floated away from her boyfriend.   As
her breasts rose up above the water,  she looked over at him, "My
body is yours to command."

Ten  minutes  later,  completely  refreshed,   their  hair  still
dripping wet,  the attractive teens  pulled on their  clothes and
headed back to the house.

"The whole family is out for the rest of the  day.  We've got the
whole place to  ourselves." whispered Betty as she  snuggled into
her boyfriend's shoulder.

"Then get ready for some hot fun young lady." said John.

As they  walked into the yard. John steered Betty toward the barn
instead of the farmhouse.

"Got plans for me in here?" giggled Betty.

"You'll see." said John

The barn  was empty except  for the  hay bales stacked  along the
sides and near each stall.  John  brought Betty in and closed the
barn door behind them.

"Hmmm" he  said, "Well, if this is going  to be a surprise, we'll
have to have you close your eyes.

"Ok" said Betty and closed her eyes.

"Well,  just to make sure..."  John said and  then Betty felt him
tying his bandanna over her eyes.  Even when she opened them, she
couldn't see anything.

"What are you going to do John?" she asked

"Just you wait little lady.  I've got plans for you."

Betty could hear  John moving around the barn then,  his hands on
hers, pulled her  hands together in front of her.  The feeling of
rope around her wrists made her shiver.

"You're going to tie me up?"

John just chuckled.

"Mmmm, that's so hot."  said Betty.

John felt a  thrill as he realized that this was turning Betty on
as much as him.  He had always had fantasies of tying up a pretty
girl and now, here was  his girlfriend, the prettiest blond in  3
counties who was hot for him to do it!

John finished tying her wrists  together and then looped the rope
over the beam that was above  Betty's head.  Betty felt the  rope
gently  pulling  her  hands  higher  until  they  were  stretched
directly  over  her head.    She felt  incredibly  submissive and
totally vulnerable.  What would happen next, she wondered.

She didn't  have long to  wait.  With Betty  completely helpless,
John  took his  time  walking  around, her  looking  at her  body
closely, indulging in it.   He could see Betty turning her  head,
trying to follow him by the noise of his movements.  At one point
he leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips.  "Mmmmm" moaned
Betty as she strained forward to  continue the kiss.  John  moved
again, his next touch was just the tip of his tongue as it licked
her left earlobe.   Betty moaned again.   Then his tongue  again,
this time sliding into her right ear.  This time Betty gasped.

John was in  seventh heaven.  Taking his time, he moved around to
Betty's front and gently, an inch at a  time, took the top of her
tube top and pulled  it down.  As it  passed the fullest part  of
Betty's breasts at the nipple, the top slid down further, letting
her  firm teenage  breasts pop  out.   The  nipples were  already
longer and thicker than John  had ever seen them.  It was  one of
the things he liked best about Betty's body.  Betty was squirming
now.  "Oh God", she though, "Please just suck them, they  ache so
much."

John must have been reading her mind, because he next bent to her
right nipple and sucked it forcefully into his mouth.

"Oh!" gasped  Betty as she  arched her back, thrusting  her naked
breasts forward.

John stood  back now  and then reach  forward with both  hands to
take the swollen  nipples in his fingers.   Grasping them firmly,
he  pulled Betty  forward again,  pulling her breasts  into tight
cones before letting them drop.

Betty was in a daze.   Her whole attention was on the  sensations
in her body.   When she felt John's  fingers at the clasp  of her
cut-offs, she  stood still, letting  him pull the shorts  and her
soaked  panties from her  body.  The  tube top  was next, sliding
over her hips and then down to her feet.

Completely naked now, John could smell his girlfriend's lust.  He
slid  a hand up  one thigh and  watched Betty spread  her legs to
give him better  access.  He trailed  two fingers up the  side of
her pussy  lips  and around,  but not  on her  clit.   Betty  was
panting.  Without warning, the two fingers now slid deep into her
tight pussy.  "Oh God, yes!" cried Betty as she raised herself up
on tiptoes.  She was sure she was close to coming but John wasn't
done with her yet.

His fingers  left her  pussy and he  walked slowly  around behind
her.   "What an  ass." John  thought  to himself  as he  surveyed
Betty's  perfectly formed  buttocks.   Kneeling  down behind  the
naked girl,  he again  stroked up  her thigh.   Betty  spread her
legs, wishing for  him to touch  her pussy  again.  John  stroked
upward  until he  had  one hand  on  each smooth  buttock.   Very
slowly,  but  very  firmly, he  spread  them  apart, deliberately
exposing Betty's  tight brown anus to his view.   Betty whimpered
at the sensation.   She had  never before felt  so exposed or  so
hot.

Suddenly the  hands were gone.   Panting in short,  hard breaths,
Betty  listened as  John moved about  the barn  again.  In  a few
short  moments, she  sensed  him  behind him.    Betty heard  the
whistle of something swing through the  air.  "What is that?" she
wondered.  It  sounded like the  sound of  a branch that's  swung
through the  air.   It took a  moment before  her over-stimulated
brain  could make  the association  and  by then  the switch  was
whistling again.

"Oh!"  cried Betty  as a  thin hot  line was  painted across  her
buttocks.  John switched her again, and again.   This wasn't like
the kinds  of punishments that Betty had  been given in the past,
this  kind of  stimulation was  making her even  more hot.   Each
sting of the switch was fire  hot but quickly turned into a  deep
heat that  seemed  to be  directed  directly at  Betty's  soaking
pussy.

The switching stopped  and Betty heard John move  around again to
her front.  She  could hear that his breathing too  was short and
strained.  It  turned her on  even more to  think that he  was as
excited as she was.

"Did you like that?" whispered John into her ear.

Betty gave a throaty chuckle "You know  I did.  The spanking made
me sooo hot."   John moved closer  and Betty could feel  his bare
skin against hers.  He had removed all his clothes at  some point
and she could feel his hard cock bobbing against her leg.

"Do you feel that?" he asked

"Mmmm yes"

"I'm going to  slide it into you  soon.  I'm going to  get it all
wet with your juices then I'm  going to slide it into your  tight
bottom.  Would you like that?"

"Oh God  John, I'm  so hot,  you can  do anything  with me,  even
fucking my ass."

"I'm not quite done with you yet though." said John.

Betty just moaned in frustration as he moved away from her again.
Her wrists  pulled against  her bonds as  she strained  her lithe
body towards him.

The whistle of the switch was softer this time but the target was
not her  already hot bottom.   The switch struck  squarely across
both breasts just below the nipple.

"Oh!" cried out Betty again  at the unexpected heat.   The switch
struck again and  again a  third time, this  time right over  the
overengorged nipples.  The three thin lines of heat, made Betty's
nipples even stiffer.  If John doesn't take me now, I  think I'll
come in a minute anyway, thought Betty.

John was walking  around her again, letting the tip of his switch
trail over his  blond friend's body.  Betty felt  the twig across
her nipples and along her tight tummy.  As John walked behind her
it slid over her shoulders and then down her spine.  John let the
switch  move  lower and  lower  then  slid  the tip  between  her
buttocks and along  the crack, across her sensitive  anus.  Betty
went up on  her toes and turned  her heels out at  the sensation.
The effect was only  to spread her buttocks out more.   John felt
himself get  even stiffer at the sight.   He had to have her now!
He couldn't wait even another moment.

Suddenly the  bright morning sunshine  poured into the  dimly lit
barn  though the  doorway.   "What  is going  on here?"  demanded
Betty's Mom as she strode into the barn.

John withered at the sight.  Betty's Mom took in the  whole scene
at a glance.  Under her blindfold,  Betty though she was about to
die of embarrassment.  She tugged frantically at her bonds as she
felt her tears of humiliation wet her boyfriend's bandanna.

"Out"  said Betty's Mom as she looked at John, now scrambling for
his clothes.  Without a backward glance, John left the barn  at a
dead run.   Now it was Betty's  Mom, Julie who walked  around the
still helpless teenager.   Betty, unable to  be sure of what  was
happening, still  pulled at  the rope holding  her wrists  to the
beam in the ceiling.  Julie smiled  slightly as she looked at her
bound and  blindfolded daughter.  The switch was as John had left
it, the  tip still resting  between Betty's round buttocks.   The
thin red lines  from the switching Betty had  received were quite
obvious across her tight bottom.  As she walked to the front, the
three lines across Betty's breasts were visible also.

Julie had not had a chance  to look at her daughter's naked  body
in years  and certainly never  like this and despite  herself, it
seemed to turn  her on.   Julie  was no stranger  to bondage  and
discipline games  and this,  without a doubt,  was what  had been
happening  here this morning.  Julie noticed Betty's overengorged
pink nipples where the  switch had caught them and at  the top of
Betty's  thighs,  the sight  of  Betty's  own juices  made  Julie
shiver.

Julie reached down and picked up the switch making Betty  gasp as
it  pulled  from between  her  buttocks.   "Well,  what  suitable
punishment do you think you should have for this young lady?" she
asked her daughter.

Betty whimpered, "Please Mom.  Please let me down."

"I  think not quite  yet" said Julie,  making up her  mind as she
said it.  "I think you're in  just about the perfect position for
the punishment to fit the crime.  Don't you?"

Betty just trembled in reply.  Julie was walking around  her now,
holding the switch in her right hand.  Betty's head followed her,
trying to figure out where she was standing.

Suddenly the now familiar sound of the switch swished through the
air and Betty yelped as a light  stroke hit her bottom.  That was
followed by  another and another as Julie's  mother began warming
her  bottom in  earnest.  Over  the next 10  minutes, the strokes
picked up in intensity and frequency as Betty's bottom was tanned
for the second time  that morning.  By the  end of it, Betty  was
crying softly, hanging in her bonds.

As suddenly  as it  had started, the  spanking stopped  and Julie
stepped back to  admire her handiwork.  Betty's bottom was a dark
shade of pink with light criss-crossed lines  across both cheeks.
The  young  girl  was  alternately  clenching  her  buttocks  and
releasing them at the intense heat she was feeling.  Julie walked
around to Betty's front again  and was not overly shocked  to see
that Betty's nipples were still betraying  her excitement.  Julie
knew that if she felt between  her daughter's legs she'd find her
soaked.  For a moment, she was tempted to do so, but then decided
not.

With just the tip of the switch, Julie began teasing Betty.  Over
her tummy, around  to the back and down her spine.   Just as John
had done,  Betty felt the tip of the  twig as it slid between her
buttocks  and along  her  crack.   The  shiver up  her spine  was
involuntary as the tip crossed Betty's clenched anus.

Down her  leg and  then up again,  this time  from the  front and
Betty shivered  again.  When  the tip touched her  tight nipples,
Betty gasped  and then  moaned in  embarrassment as  she realized
that her own mother could see that she was sexually aroused.

The switch pulled back and snapped tight across the over-engorged
nipples.   Betty  gasped.   It  light, but  sharp strokes,  Julie
struck  first  the underside  then  the tops  of  Betty's teenage
breasts.   When she stopped  after only a  few strokes  Betty was
panting.

Julie put  the switch  down beside  the over-stimulated  girl and
started to walk toward the door.

"Mom, you're not going to leave me here are you?"  pleaded Betty

"You're not done  yet young lady." said Julie,  "Your father will
be  completing  your  punishment.    Betty  just  whimpered  with
frustration  and fear "I wouldn't worry though", continued Julie,
"He'll be home very soon."

Julie closed the barn door behind her and trotted into the house.
She had plenty of preparations to make.

Betty's father Bill was home only about 30 minutes earlier.  From
her helpless position blindfolded  in the barn, Betty  could hear
the pick-up park near  the house.  With her  eyesight removed, it
seemed that her hearing was more acute than normal.

Julie was waiting on  the porch.  As Bill and their  son Rob came
up the stairs, Julie intercepted Rob right away.

"Honey", she asked.   "I need  you to  do me a  big favour  right
away.  Your aunt  Jane has a package  for me that I  forgot there
earlier today.  I  know you must be tired,  but could you go  and
pick it up for me?"

"Sure Mom."  said Rob, "I'll take a bike ride  over.  Is it ok if
I'm back only around supper time?"

"Sure  Hon."  said Julie  smiling.    That  would be  just  about
perfect.

Rob  headed out on his bike a  few moments later.  Bill looked up
at his wife.  After 22 years of marriage, he knew how to read her
like a book although it probably wouldn't take a brain surgeon to
figure out that Julie was aroused.

"Got a little afternoon delight planned there Babe?" he asked.

"Wellll, not  exactly." chuckled  Julie.   "Although it  involves
your favourite kind of kinky play."

Quickly, Julie told her husband  all about her discovery of Betty
and John in the barn.   Bill was at first furious, then  curious,
then  incredulous as  Julie told  how  she had  continued Betty's
punishment and left her tied and helpless in the barn.

"You mean to tell me that she's still there?" he asked.

Julie just grinned,  "I guess you'll just have to come and see."

"Just what do you have in mind?" asked Bill.

"Well Honey, you know how you're always saying how the punishment
should fit  the crime?    Well, here's  what  I was  thinking  of
doing...."

A few  short minutes later,  the couple walked arm-in-arm  to the
barn.  Julie opened the door  and motioned Bill inside.  Once  in
the door,  both of them remained silent.   Bill just stood at the
door, drinking  in the sight  of his teenage daughter,  her hands
bound to the  beam in the ceiling and the  bandanna still keeping
her eyes  completely covered.   The thin  pink stripes  that both
John and Julie had given her were quite visible  across her tight
breasts.

Julie and Bill walked forward and to either side of the trembling
girl.  Betty's head turned from side to side trying to figure out
what might be happening by their sounds.  The only thing  she was
sure of was that there were at  least two people beside her.  The
embarrassment of  being so  exposed in front  of others  was very
intense.   Betty  knew that  her face  was blushing a  bright red
under her  blindfold.   To make  matters worse,  the heat  of the
spankings  seemed to have transferred directly to Betty's soaking
pussy and  swollen clit.  She felt like  her clit had inflated to
twice its size and was sticking straight out of her.

"Hello?" she asked in a timid voice.

"Well young lady, you've gotten into a mess of trouble this time,
haven't you?" said Bill in a stern voice.

"Daddy, I'm sorry." whispered Betty.

"You know that  I always say that  the punishment should fit  the
crime." said Bill

"But haven't I been punished enough?"  asked Betty.

"No, you  haven't." said Bill,  but by the  time you go  into the
house, you'll be sure that  you'll not be so careless about  such
sex games in the future."

While  Bill had  been talking,  Julie had  moved a couple  of hay
bales behind Betty.   Taking a  sheet from the  bag she had  with
her, Julie covered the bales.  Bill now reached up and untied the
rope holding Betty's arms above her head.  Rather than letting it
go, however, he pulled it and Betty's hands further back and then
further again until Betty leaned back and finally lay back across
the hay bales.  The rope was now tied so that Betty's  hands were
stretched out horizontally.   At least, the blood  could now rush
back into her arms and she could lie down.   The position was not
lost  on  Betty however.    Tied like  this,  she  was even  more
vulnerable.  Her feet were still tied wide apart to the floor and
with her hands  the way that they were, her back was now slightly
arched upward.  This left the highest part of her body  being her
raised pudendum  lightly covered  by a muff  of pale  blond curly
hair.   The points of her  upturned breasts were the next highest
part of her.

Bill walked around  the teenager again and  surveyed the position
she was in.  She certainly was exposed this way but she'd be even
more exposed in a moment.

"Ok young lady." said Julie,  "We've decided that if you're going
to act like a little girl, then you'll be treated like one."

Julie sat down between Betty's  legs and began trimming her blond
pubic hair with a pair of  scissors.  For the first few tugs  and
snipes, Betty couldn't  figure it out.  When  she did, she moaned
in embarrassment.   When  the blond  curls were down  to a  short
stubble, Julie  took a  warm, wet  washcloth and  laid it on  the
already hot pussy.  Betty squirmed as she heated up yet more.

In a couple of minutes, the cloth  was removed and Betty felt the
unusual sensation of something wet being rubbed across her pussy.
She couldn't help  but pull at her  bonds at the sensation.   The
razor was next.  Julie worked  in short firm strokes removing the
last  of the pubic hair as she had done to herself every week for
years now.   She knew that the sight of a smooth pussy was always
a big turn  on for Bill.   She wondered  if the sight of  Betty's
would affect him as much.

Julie stepped  back to admire  her handiwork.  Betty's  pussy was
now as smooth as  the day she was born.  Julie backed up to stand
right in front  of Bill.  She  leaned back and could  feel Bill's
hard-on  press against her ass.   Turning, she  looked up and saw
her husband's eyes  bright with excitement.   Clearly the shaving
had turned him on as much as her.

Betty was  mortified.   Although she couldn't  see it,  she could
feel a gentle waft  of air cross her  now bare pussy.  Betty  had
never felt  this exposed  before in  her entire  life.  This  was
worse  than  being  naked.   Despite  her  embarrassment, Betty's
soaking juices  were now  clearly visible,  betraying her  body's
arousal.  Both Julie and Bill could see the girl's  swollen labia
covered in the slick juices.  Between her legs, a tiny trickle of
them slid down between her buttocks and along her crack.

Bill moved forward now and  picked up the switch.  He let the tip
of  it slide  across Betty's  stretched tummy,  first toward  her
breasts, stopping just short of  the lowest line across her lower
breast, then  downward toward the  raised, exposed pubis.   Betty
held her breath,  wondering what would happen next.   Bill pulled
the switch back and let a short,  sharp stroke strike just at the
top  of  the mound.    Betty  yelped.   Moving  downward,  Bill's
perfectly  placed strokes made little stinging strokes across the
swollen lips and  upper thighs.   Bill carefully avoided  Betty's
clit that was,  as she feared, now peaking up between her lips to
show it's swollen, slick state.

He trailed the  tip of the switch again, up her spread thighs and
along the side of her pussy.  Just at the top of the lips, he let
the tip drag lightly across the swollen nub.

If Betty could have jumped she would  have.  The touch of the tip
of  the switch against  her clit was  electric!   Unable to move,
Betty gasped and tugged frantically at her bonds.

Bill now put the switch down and both he and Julie prepared Betty
for the next and last parts of her punishment.

Julie  had brought a bag with  her and Bill's toys including some
of the toys they used  during their bondage and discipline games.
Now Julie  pulled out some leather  straps and in  a few minutes,
Betty's  ankles were  tied to  the  beam in  the ceiling,  spread
ninety degrees apart in a wide spreadeagle.  Additional straps at
the  top  of  Betty's  thighs,  kept  her  upper  body  stretched
backwards across the hay bales.

Reaching into the bag again, Julie pulled out a toy that  she had
felt herself many  times.  It was  her rectal plug.   Before Bill
ever  gave her  a  strapping  across her  own  bottom, he  always
inserted the plug into her bottom.  She knew  that the sensations
of her  bottom being  stretched on the  foreign intruder  were as
embarrassing  and as  exciting as  the strapping herself.   Julie
reached back into the  bag for the vaseline and the leather strap
which she handed to Bill.

Showing Bill the rectal plug and the vaseline, Julie moved toward
Betty's now upturned bottom.

"Since  you think  you're old  enough to  play kinky  sex games."
said Bill "You can  be punished the same way your  mother is when
she's naughty."

Julie's   head  whipped  around   in  shocked  as   Bill's  words
registered.   Bill  just grinned  back  at her  and shrugged  his
shoulders.   Beneath her blindfold  Betty too was shocked.   What
did he say?  Her Mother?

Julie knelt between Betty's upstretched thighs and opened the jar
of Vaseline.  Dipping a finger deep into the jar, she  covered it
with the slippery jelly.

Betty jumped  at the first  touch.  What  IS that?  she wondered.
The tip of  Julie's finger rested just at  the opening of Betty's
anus for a moment, smearing just the rim with the vaseline.  Then
in one long motion, Julie slid her forefinger as far as  it would
reach into Betty's tight bottom.

Betty cried out in shock at the strange sensation.  For  the last
two hours, her body had been subject to more stimulation than her
young  years had  ever  had  before but  this  was another  thing
altogether.   The sensation of the  long cool finger deep  in her
rectum, slowly twisting  back and  forth and  coating her  rectum
with  the vaseline was at once  so intense and so surprising that
Betty was simply shocked silent.

Julie's finger  came out at  a quarter the  speed it went  in and
twisted  in long slow  rotations as it  did so.   Julie knew from
experience the  kinds of feelings Bill's finger  generated in her
when she was lubricated.  She looked up between Betty's thighs to
her  blindfolded face  for  her  reaction.   Betty  seemed to  be
holding her breath waiting for what would come next.

Dipping the rectal plug into  the vaseline now, Julie brought the
tip of the device to Betty's now lubricated anus.  She rested the
thin tip of the  plastic plug against  Betty's anus for a  moment
and  then slowly  began sliding  it  in.   In and  out  in minute
strokes  Julie worked  the  plug  into Betty.    The rectal  plug
started narrow but quickly became thicker and then narrowed again
at the neck of it  before flaring out into its wide base.   Julie
had often had this exact plug inserted into her own rectum before
a strapping.    Bill sometimes left it  in all night or  made her
wear it all day to remind her that she was submissive.

Betty's  breaths were  coming in  short ragged  gasps now  as the
sensations  of this foreign  intruder began driving  her over the
edge.  Just  as the thickest  part of the  plug reached her  anal
ring, Julie held it there.   Betty thought her heart  would stop,
wondering what would happen  next.  With a  tiny push, Julie  let
the  plug  seat  itself  with  the neck  held  tight  by  Betty's
sphincter muscles as  they desperately tried to  close themselves
on the device.

Betty was full now, fuller than she had ever imagined being.  The
rectal plug wasn't  painful but it was so stimulating  in an area
of her anatomy  that was  so sensitive  that it  was driving  her
crazy.  She was sure she was going to come any minute.

Julie moved  away and let  Bill move closer, holding  the leather
strap.

"Don't forget you're being punished young lady."

Her father's voice seemed to come from far away as Betty tried to
keep herself from  having an orgasm right there.  She didn't hear
the  strap moving  through the  air or  sense it  coming but  the
feeling of the hot leather  slapping hard against her bottom woke
her up  right away.   Betty  cried out  at the  sensation.   Bill
struck again and  again, knowing it  was leaving Betty's  already
punished bottom red hot.

After a  dozen hard strokes  he stopped.   Betty was  crying out.
Bill looked at her squirming in  her bonds and knew from how  her
mother always  reacted that Betty was very  close to coming.  The
heat  of the  strapping was now  translating directly  to Betty's
soaking pussy that  was visibly lubricating.  Julie  could see it
too.

Julie reached  over and with  just the tip  of her  finger tapped
firmly on the end of the rectal plug.

The  sensation  of  the simple  finger  tap  was like  a  bolt of
lightning to  Betty.  She  cried out as the  incredible sensation
was translated deep in her body.  The finger tapped again, firmly
and  Betty cried  out  again, and  struggled  against her  bonds.
Julie tapped  again and again, in a firm  rhythm and in a moment,
it was enough.   Crying out loudly  and thrashing as much  as she
could in  her bonds,  Betty began  coming in  wave after  wave of
orgasm.  It seemed to go on forever and when it was over, all was
quiet in the barn.

Gently,  Julie  and   Bill  unfastened  Betty  and   removed  her
blindfold.  Bill was  smiling slightly as he  looked down at  his
dishevelled daughter.  "I hope you learned your lesson." he said.

"I sure  did." said  Betty as  she walked  out of  the barn,  the
rectal plug still firmly lodged between her buttocks.
Letter to the Editor
Story #67 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

Dear Sir,

     I have read  your magazine with some interest  over the past
months.   I was first  introduced to your fine  publication while
visiting my brother  and sister-in-law's home.  I  spotted a copy
in the nite table of the guest room where I  was staying.  When I
asked my brother  Bob about it, he  told me that he  and his wife
were firm believers  in corporal punishment and that  their three
daughters had been punished that way for years.  During my stay I
got to see  Carol, their 15 year  old put over her  mother's knee
for  an   old-fashioned  over-the-knee   bare-bottomed  spanking.
Afterwards while Carol stood  in the corner of the  room with her
panties and  jeans still around  her ankles, Mary  (my sister-in-
law) told me  some more of how the children were punished.  I got
very  aroused  while  Mary  was  telling  me  about  the  various
punishments meted out and later  that night, the mental images of
it were vivid in my mind as I brought myself to a fabulous orgasm
with my fingers.

     I should tell you a little about myself.  I am a 34 year old
computer consultant; single  with short blond  hair and a  figure
that I keep in shape through aerobics.  I was spanked on the bare
by my  parents until I was  18 when I moved  out on my own.   The
punishments I  received were  very straightforward, quite  unlike
some of the punishments Mary had described.

     About 3 months later, Mary and Bob  called to see if I would
be  willing for Janice,  their eldest, to  visit for a  couple of
weeks.   Apparently the family  was going on vacation  and Janice
had to stay behind for  some exams at school.  Since we only live
a few miles  apart, I was the easiest  place for her to  stay.  I
replied that I'd be  happy to have  her.  I  made sure the  guest
room was  cleaned out for Janice's arrival  that weekend.  On the
Saturday morning, Mary called  to let me know that  Janice was on
the train and would be here in an hour or so.

     "Now  remember  Sue," she  said  "if  Janice gives  you  any
trouble while  she's with  you, you have  our full  permission to
punish her as  you see fit.   Janice gets  punished about once  a
week on average  so I wouldn't be  surprised if you have  to turn
her over your knee while she's there."   A chill shot up my spine
at Mary's words.  The thought  of a naked seventeen year-old bent
over my lap for a spanking had me soaked in moments.

     The first few days passed  uneventfully.  Janice, at 17, was
fun to have around and the apartment was certainly more alive for
her presence.   On the fourth day  of her stay however,  that all
changed.

     I had set a couple of simple rules for Janice while  she was
visiting.  There  were to be no boys in the  house while I wasn't
there, Janice would have to let  me know where to reach her  when
she was out in  the evening and she had to be  back no later than
eleven o'clock each nite.

     Thursday night I  returned home from work to  find no Janice
and  no note saying where she was.   I was a little irritated but
my irritation turn  to outright worry when she  still wasn't home
by  nine o'clock.   At 9:15,  Janice walked  through the  door as
though everything  was wonderful.   One look at  my face and  she
realized it was not.

     "I though we had an  arrangement about letting me know where
you'd be in the evening." I said.

     Janice looked  a little worried.  "I'm sorry Aunt Sue, I was
studying at school and I must have forgot."

     "Well I've been worried sick here Janice.   I was just about
to call  the police!"  Janice's face  turned pale as she realized
how upset I  was.  "What do  your parents do  with you  when  you
don't keep the ground rules?"  I asked quietly.

     "They p-p-punish me." quivered Janice.

     "Well I'm going to do the same." I said. "Go to you room and
get ready for bed.   I'll come and see you in your  room in a few
minutes."

     Janice  was trembling  slightly  as she  walked  out of  the
living room.   I  gave her  about 10  minutes to  think about  it
before following her.  On the way to the guest room, I  picked up
my  hairbrush from my  vanity.  Mary  had told me  that the girls
usually got spanked  with a leather strap but I  figured my brush
would do the job for this evening.

     As I walked  into Janice's room I  caught my breath.   I had
expected to  see her in her usual nightclothes sitting on the bed
waiting for me but she was not.  Instead, she was standing in the
very  corner  of the  room facing  away  from me.   Her  nose was
pressed  right into the  corner.  Janice had  changed into a lacy
baby-doll nightgown that I hadn't  seen before.  Aside from that,
she wore  nothing.  Her  hands were holding the  nightgown tight,
high  up  her waist  leaving  her  lower  back and  her  buttocks
completely bare to my gaze.

     My  pussy seemed  to clutch  at the sight  and I  could feel
myself getting very slippery and very hot.  I sat down on the end
of the  bed and didn't  say anything for  a moment.   I could see
Janice was also breathing quickly  and I remembered that Mary had
told me  that both older  girls often got  aroused at  some point
during their  punishments.   I shook my  head and  tried to  pull
myself back to the issue at hand.

     "Alright Janice, come over here." I said.  Janice turned and
walked right  over to me.   She stopped  about two feet  away and
waited.  Her  nightie was still being  held up high on  her waist
and  her pussy  was now  in plain view.   There  was surprisingly
little hair covering her mons and  what was there was pale  blond
leaving a clear view of her  puffy outer lips.  Although Janice's
head was hanging down, I could see  she was blushing furiously at
being so exposed  to me like this for the first  time.  I started
to understand Mary's  belief that embarrassment was  an effective
and essential  part of  every punishment.   The baby-doll  was so
sheer  that I could clearly see the  outline of her nipples which
were both dark pink and very erect.

     "Over my knee,  Janice." I instructed.  Janice  was quick to
do  so, relieved,  perhaps that  her pussy  and breasts  were now
hidden from view.

     I felt her body rest over my  knee and adjusted her slightly
so that her  bottom was well  placed.  I  could feel her  breasts
hanging down against  my nyloned left leg and  the sensation made
me even hotter.

     "Ok Janice, now why are you being punished?" I asked.

     "Because I didn't  follow instructions.  I'm  really sorry."
she answered.

     "Alright,  given it's your  first infraction here,  I'm just
going  to give  you a  spanking,"  Janice seemed  to uncoil  with
relief,  "but make  no  mistake.   Your mother  told me  in great
detail how you're punished at home and I won't hesitate to punish
you 'fully' if you don't follow my simple ground rules."

     With  that,  I   started  spanking  Janice  with   my  hand.
Alternating from one pale buttock to the other.  It was the first
spanking I had ever given!  Janice's bottom was very pink and she
was squirming when I paused to pick up the hairbrush.

     Without pause  I rained  a series of  sharp smacks  over the
already hot cheeks.   Janice cried  out again and  again and  her
feet  kicked out  like someone  swimming the  breast stroke  as I
completed the punishment.   With her kicking  like that, I  had a
perfect view of her nether regions  from her light brown anus all
the way to her pink inner pussy lips that yawned open wetly every
timed she kicked.

     After  about  fifteen  spanks  to  each  buttock  I put  the
hairbrush down.   Janice  was crying quietly  as she  hung, limp,
over my lap.  I rested my hand  on her buttocks that were now hot
to the touch.

     "Now, are you going to follow the rules?"

     "Yes" replied Janice in a very contrite voice.

     "Alright then, get back into  the corner and think about why
you've been punished."  I said

     Janice shuffled back  to the corner and  hitched her nightie
back up  her waist  now displaying two  bright red  buttocks that
contrasted sharply with her brown tan line.  I left the room very
hot myself.  I gave Janice another ten minutes to compose herself
before I poked  my head back into  the room.   I was happy and  a
little  thrilled that she was still waiting, submissively pressed
into the corner.

     "Ok Janice, you can go to bed now."

     A few minutes  later there was a timid knock on  my door.  I
had a copy of  your magazine open to  one of the pages of  a girl
bent over an older woman's lap  with her buttocks all red from  a
spanking.   At the  sound of the knock,  I immediately stuffed it
under the covers.  Then I pulled it back out and left it lying on
the bedspread as I answered, "Come in."

     Janice  walked into  my bedroom  now wearing  the  T-Shirt I
usually saw her wear to bed.  "Aunt Sue, I just wanted to say I'm
sorry for what  I did and that  I know I deserved  that spanking.
I'll try to be good for the rest of the time I'm here."

     I stood up and gave her a  big hug and told her I hoped  she
was good for the rest of her stay too.  As Janice turned to leave
I saw  her catch a  glimpse of the  magazine on  the bed and  the
full-page  picture that it  was open to.   Her eyes  got a little
wider and I heard a tiny gasp before she left to go to bed.

     I  was so aroused  that as soon  as she had  closed the door
behind her  I was  touching myself.   It  only took  a few  short
minutes  before I  was thrashing  about in  the hottest  orgasm I
could ever remember.

     For over  a week Janice  was a model  guest but on  the last
Friday night  of her stay  she broke the  rules again,  this time
quite seriously.

     Janice  had asked to  borrow my car  to go to  a friend's to
'study'.   She  promised to  return by  11:00pm so  I figured  it
wouldn't be a  problem.  I got  the number of her  friend Barbara
and went out on my own to catch a movie.  I was back at 10:00 and
waited up for  Janice.  She wasn't  home at 11:00 and  at 11:30 I
called Barbara's.   Barbara's mother answered right away and said
that neither girl was there and  if I found them to let her  know
right away  because Barbara was  out past her curfew.   Barbara's
mother volunteered that Barbara's behind was likely to suffer the
consequences  as her  father was  upset  at her  being out  late.
Apparently they had  both gone to  a party and  had not left  the
phone number.

     It was close  to 1:00am when Janice finally  returned and by
then I was steamed.   I was ready to  put her over my knee  right
away for a repeat performance  of the previous week's punishment.
I figured I'd spank her completely  nude this time and frankly  I
was kind of  looking forward to it.  When  Janice actually walked
in the door, however, I immediately changed my plans.

     Janice was drunk, really drunk.   Her words were slurred and
she stumbled  as she walked.  When she  walked into the room, her
eyes went wide as she saw me.

     I cut  her off  as she  tried to  explain.   "Did you  drive
home?"  I  asked.   Janice nodded  miserably.  I  ticked off  the
infractions on my  fingers as I listed  them.  "One, you  lied to
me.   I called  Barbara's mother and  found out that  you weren't
even there.  Two, you didn't let me know  where you were.  Three,
you're late.  Four, you've been drinking and are obviously drunk.
And  five, you've been  driving while intoxicated  which is, over
course, illegal
          
          l!"  Janice's  head hung down in misery.   She knew she
was in for it.

     "Go  to bed  Janice.   Sleep  it off  but  make no  mistake.
Tomorrow  morning you're going to get  punished properly for this
misbehaviour.

     Janice stumbled down the corridor  to her room and I started
thinking about what I'd do in the morning.


     Saturday  morning I  was up  early.   By  now  my anger  had
dissipated  and  all that  was  left  was  my excitement  at  the
punishment Janice had  coming.  I poked my head into her room but
she was  sound asleep.  I figured she  wouldn't wake for at least
two of hours.  I pulled on some sweats  and jumped in the car.  I
had a couple of purchases to make.

     I was back  in less than an  hour and a quick  check ensured
that Janice was  still asleep.  It was almost 11 o'clock when she
finally woke up.   In her usual long  T-Shirt, obviously somewhat
hung  over, she shuffled down the corridor to the kitchen where I
was enjoying my second cup of coffee.

     On seeing me Janice seemed to wake  up a little.  "I'm sorry
about last night Aunt Sue." she said

     "So am I Janice but don't think that will get you out of the
punishment you have coming."

     Janice gulped and blushed.  "I guess I deserve it." she said
meekly.

     "I certainly think  so."  I said, "Now get into the bathroom
and get showered and  cleaned up.  I'll expect to  see you in the
corner of the living room in fifteen minutes naked as a jaybird.

     "Yes  Ma'am."  said  Janice  as  she  scurried  off  to  the
bathroom.

     It was just a little less  than fifteen minutes later that I
saw  a naked blond  go past  the kitchen  door toward  the living
room.  I let her wait a few more minutes.  When I walked into the
living room,  Janice was standing  in the  corner as  instructed.
Her pretty  buttocks, accentuated by  her dark tan lines  were on
display.

     I sat down  on the chair in  the middle of the  room and had
Janice  come over to me.  She stood  in front of me and, unasked,
spread her feet  shoulder width apart and then  clasped her hands
behind  her head.   Mary  had  told me  about this  position.   I
lectured her for a couple of minutes while I drank in the view of
Janice's  submissively offered body.  Her  breasts were pulled up
and tight to  her chest but the  dark pink nipples stuck  way out
betraying her arousal.  I knew the  feeling.  My own nipples were
so hard they ached.

     I put  the  naked girl  over  my  knee and  started  with  a
hairbrush spanking.  Janice was squirming by the time I was done.
When I stopped  I kept her  over my  knee.    Janice hung  there,
submissive to whatever would happen  next.  "You know that you're
going to be 'fully' punished?"  I asked her.

     "Yes Ma'am." she answered quietly.

     I reached behind  me and picked up the jar of vaseline I had
strategically placed there.

     Janice gasped as  I placed the jar of the small of her back.
I'm sure  she knew exactly what it was.   I dipped the forefinger
of my right hand  deep into the jar and pulled  it out covered in
the clear petroleum  jelly.  I reached over with my left hand and
gently rested it on Janice's hot buttocks.  I rubbed up  and down
for a moment and then, using the  thumb and forefinger of my left
hand, I  spread her cheeks  wide open to  reveal the  light brown
crinkled  opening.   For a  moment,  I did  nothing, letting  the
tension build.   Janice began clenching  and releasing her  anus,
letting it  'wink' at  me despite  herself.   I brought my  right
forefinger down and rested the  tip, covered in the cool vaseline
on the center  of her anus.  Janice  gasped at the sensation.   I
left it there a moment.  I then started pushing it in, slowly, as
far as I could reach.

     I watched  Janice's toes  curl in as  my finger  pushed deep
into her rectum.   Once it was all the way in, I  held it there a
moment  before  twisting  it  slowly  back  and  forth.    Janice
whimpered in embarrassment.   I pulled my finger  all the way out
and added  more vaseline before sliding it back  in.  I wanted to
be sure that she was completely lubricated.

     Janice was trembling slightly as  I finally pulled my finger
out her.  From  my vantage point I had a perfect  view of all her
charms.  I  leaned over slightly and I could see that her teenage
pussy  lips  were swollen  and  puffy.    They had  spread  apart
slightly  and I  could see  the pink  inner lips  were completely
soaked.  I was sure mine were the same.

     I  kept her  buttocks  spread  as I  reached  back to  grasp
something that had hitherto only been used on me.
     Mary had explained that the humiliation of having her bottom
examined and  spread open  was often the  most effective  told in
keeping Janice in check.

     I had  retrieved a  special rectal dildo  from my  own night
table that morning.   The plastic device was not too large but it
had an  odd shape, getting  wider at the middle  before narrowing
down to a small  neck and then flaring out to a  wide base.  Once
inserted, the dildo acted  as a rectal plug, unable  to be pushed
out or pulled in.  Janice's sphincter would try in vain  to close
on the long narrow neck of the device.  Mary had told me that had
used a similar device during punishments in the past.

     Janice  jumped a  little  as  the tip  of  the cool  plastic
touched her  anus, still  slick with the  sheen of  the petroleum
jelly.   I nudged  the tip into  her and then  started moving the
plug  in and  out in  ever-lengthening strokes.    Within moments
Janice  was gasping with  ever stroke.   At each  push, her knees
would spread wide.

     As  the  thickest  part  spread  her  anal  ring  wide,  she
whimpered.   I  held  it there  a moment,  then  pushed it  home,
letting her own muscles pull the device  deep into her.  Janice's
breathing was  short and shallow  now at  the various  sensations
running through her.

     Leaving the plug deep  in her body, I  now stood Janice  up.
Her  face was flushed with embarrassment partly, perhaps, because
she knew there was more to come.

     Taking her  by the arm, I walked the  naked teen over to the
back of my leather  couch.  I had placed a couple  of towels over
the back of  the coach which was  conveniently at hip height.   I
had Janice bend over them to rest her head on the  cushions.  Her
hips  were still a little high  but spreading her feet wide apart
handled that.

     The sight of  Janice in this incredibly  submissive position
was making me very hot.  Her still-red buttocks were sticking way
up in  the air with the base of the rectal plug poking up between
them.  Walking  around to the  front, her blond hair  was hanging
down to spread across the cushions.  Her round breasts with their
hard nipples were pressed flat against the black leather couch.

     "Now don't  you move  until you're  given permission,  young
lady." I instructed.

     "Yes Ma'am" said Janice meekly.

     I walked out  of the room and  into the bathroom to  get the
next part of Janice's punishment ready.

     "You  know  Sue, the  thing  that  is  most effective  as  a
punishment is  a good  old-fashioned enema."   Mary had  told me.
"If we're going  to give one of  the girls an enema,  it's always
after  a  good  hard  spanking.    We'll  expose  their  bottoms,
lubricate  them thoroughly and leave them in a tail up, head down
position for awhile to remind  them of the trouble they've gotten
themselves into."

     While  on my  errands that  morning,  I had  stopped by  the
pharmacy.   There  were several  choices  when it  came to  enema
equipment.   Rather  than the  conventional bag  and tube,  I had
chosen a douche syringe.   The nozzle had been longer and thicker
than either the regular nozzle or the rectal syringe.

     I  filled a  basin with warm  water and  brought it  and the
douche nozzle  back to the  living room.   Janice was still  bent
over the couch, her feet resting wide apart.

     I set the basin  down behind her and filled the  bulb of the
douche with  it.  Then  I reached up  and grasped the  end of the
rectal plug  still  lodged in  Janice's  pretty bottom.    Before
pulling it from her, I couldn't resist twisting it through a full
circle of  rotation.  Janice gasped  out loud as I did  so.  Very
gently,  I pulled  the rectal  plug from  her.   Her anus  closed
slowly  as it  left her,  clenching  as though  missing the  rear
penetrator.

     I  reached down  and picked  up the  douche syringe  with my
right hand and covered the tip with  yet more vaseline.  As I had
done with the plastic dildo, I touched the tip to her  tight anus
then slid the whole  nozzle home.  I saw that  Janice was holding
her breath, waiting for what was sure to come next.

     I squeezed the  large bulb firmly,  letting the water  force
its way up deep into her bowels.  I heard Janice moan and whimper
in abject humiliation  as her most private area  was flooded with
water.  Again  and again, I pulled  the long nozzle from  her and
refilled  it only to reinsert its full length back, deep into her
rectum and insert more warm water.

     By the time I was done, Janice  had received almost 3 quarts
of water and was visibly uncomfortable.  I pulled the nozzle from
her  for the  last time and  picked the  plug back up.   Again, I
inserted the rectal  plug, but with all the  attention her bottom
had received, this time it slid in easily.

     I stood up  and took my time  putting the basin back  in the
bathroom and cleaning the douche syringe.  When I got back to the
living  room, Janice was squirming uncomfortably and moaning over
the couch.  I sat down in  a chair behind her and simply watched.

It was quite an incredible  sight.  Her bare bottom was  sticking
up,  her buttocks  spread naturally wide  open.   The end  of the
rectal plug was  sticking up erotically between them.   I watched
her bottom wriggling  back and forth as  the water that  had been
inserted deep into her worked its way through her bowels.

     Now I  stood up and picked up the  short leather strap I had
found that morning.   The first strokes were  light, but within a
moment or two, I was delivering short sharp smacks to each cheek.
Janice's buttocks  had  faded in  color  somewhat but  the  strap
brought  back their  blush with  a vengeance.   Within  a minute,
Janice was crying outright as I burned her bottom with the strap.

     As soon as it had started it was over.  I put the strap down
and waited for a few moments for Janice to compose herself.  Then
I had her  stand up.  I  took her by the  arm and led her  to the
bathroom.  She was able to walk only  in short steps and her face
was completely flushed with embarrassment.  Her face was wet with
her tears of the punishment.  I wasn't sure if they were tears of
pain or embarrassment but I suppose it doesn't matter.

     I placed Janice  over the toilet and  had her bend over.   I
reached down and tugged  the plug from her.  She  plopped down to
the   toilet  and  started   releasing  the  enema   despite  her
humiliation at doing so in front of me.

     I left her  alone to finish voiding  the full enema.   I was
sitting in  the living  room when Janice,  returned and,  without
asking, went back to the corner of the room to stand there.

     I left here there another ten minutes before finally telling
her that the punishment was over.

     Janice turned around and started  back down to her room then
she turned and came back to me.  Throwing her arms around my neck
she said, "I'm sorry for what  I did and thank you for  punishing
me Aunt Sue.  I know I deserved it."

     I  hugged her back.   "I hope it makes you  remember to be a
good girl from now on Janice." I said.

     "I won't forget this in a hurry she giggled."

     "Alright I said, go and get dressed." I gave her a light tap
on the behind as she headed down the hall.

     I headed down to  my room myself.  I closed  the door behind
me and  pulled my sweats  off.  The  rectal plug that  had filled
Janice  was sitting on  my nightstand  next to  the vaseline.   I
dipped the plug deep into the vaseline and then bent over the bed
on all fours.   I slipped my  hands between my legs, one  of them
holding the plug.  I teased the tip against my anus  then pushed,
hard until I was as full as Janice had just been.  The  sensation
was almost too much for me.

     I reached up  to my pussy with  both hands.  I  was dripping
wet.  With one hand I slid two fingers deep into my hot slit  and
with the other,  I started  rubbing my hard  clitoris.  The  most
incredible orgasm I've ever had hit me like a ton of bricks.

     Mary  and  Bob  were  fascinated  by  my  tale  of  Janice's
punishment and made me tell them every  detail.  I know one thing
for sure, I'm a definite convert to corporal punishment.
Karen's Medical Examination
Story #68 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

     Karen heard the door  close and the  sound of his  footsteps
walking into the living room.  As always, she was waiting  in the
position he had instructed her in.   She was just in front of the
couch, in the  middle of the carpet.   With the exception  of the
silk scarf which covered her eyes, she was completely naked.  She
was on her  knees and sitting  back on her  heels with her  knees
stretched familiarly  wide apart.  Her hands were clasped loosely
behind her back leaving her firm up-tilted breasts and her smooth
shaven pubis in  full view.  It  was a position that  Karen could
maintain  without  discomfort  for  long  periods.  This  evening
however, she  had been in it for only  a few minutes, waiting for
Roger, her boyfriend and Master to arrive.

     Since their first date, Roger and Karen had discovered their
mutual interest in  dominant/submissive sexual games.   It was  a
perfect match.   Roger's dominant fantasies and  experiences were
tailer-made for  the submissive  fantasies that  Karen had  never
fulfilled.   In  the weeks  and  months that  followed they  both
delighted in discovering the pleasures of kinky sex.

     Several  weeks ago,  Karen had  surprised  Roger by  waiting
naked and blindfolded  in a position very similar  to the one she
was in right now.   Roger had been delighted and  had immediately
started an evening  of wild  fun.  Since  then, Karen was  always
waiting for Roger in a similar state.

     Karen felt Roger's fingers trail across  her cheek and along
her bare  shoulder.   "And how  is my  little slave  today?"   he
murmured.

     "Mmmmm" purred Karen, "I'm hot for you as usual."

     Karen heard Roger sit down in front of her and felt a shiver
of pleasure run through her as she imagined him watching her.

     Roger relaxed back into the couch  and looked his girlfriend
up and  down.  It was something he never tired of.  She was quite
a catch,  he thought to himself.   Petite, standing just 5'4" and
weighing  about 110lbs, Karen's body  was built like a gymnast's.
Her tight  34b breasts  were tilted up  slightly and  the nipples
were  pointing slightly outward.   The nipples  themselves always
excited Roger.  The  were dark brown in color and  when erect, as
they were  now, were very  thick and about  3/4 of an  inch long.
Karen's hair was honey-blond and she kept it short, just off  her
shoulders.  Roger's eyes slid downward to her flat, tight stomach
and beyond.   Karen's  pubic hair  had been  a light brown  Roger
remembered.   It was light  and soft.   Since he  had  shaved  it
smooth one night a couple of monthago, Karen had kept it that way.

     Roger could  clearly see  the bare  skin of  her pussy  lips
which  were gently  parted to  expose  the wet  interior.   Roger
smiled.  He knew from experience how much being exposed like this
turned her  on.   He  reached  forward to  take  Karen's  nipples
between the thumb and forefinger of each hand.

     Karen moaned softly  as her dominant  lover took control  of
her nipples and rolled them slowly  in between his fingers.   Her
nipples were  one of  the most  sensitive parts  of her  body and
Roger knew it.

     "Are you  ready  for an  adventure  tonight?"   asked  Roger
quietly.

     "Mmmmhmmm" murmured Karen.

     "Alright then, I want you to go up to your room and get into
your  submissive position on the bed and wait for me." said Roger
as he reached forward and pulled the blindfold from her eyes.

     Karen felt a shiver run up her  spine.  Immediately she rose
to her feet and made her way upstairs feeling Roger's eyes on her
rolling  buttocks as she  walked.  Once  in her room,  Karen knew
just what position Roger  meant.  She  got up on  her bed on  her
knees with her feet  just over the edge of the  bedspread and her
back to the open door of her bedroom.  She placed her  knees very
wide apart then  bent forward at the  waist to rest her  head and
shoulders on the bed and arch her back deeply to leave her bottom
up  in the air offered  to her lover.  Karen  could feel her rock
hard nipples  rub gently  on the bedspread.   Now she  reach back
with both  hands, placed  them on  her buttocks  and pulled  them
firmly apart.   She felt  her pussy  lips part  slightly and  the
gentle air currents in  the room reminded  her that her  crinkled
rear opening was now lewdly splayed open for "inspection".

     She had only been there for a moment or two when Karen heard
Roger's footsteps  following her  up the  steps.   Roger did  not
immediately enter Karen's room although he could see her from the
hallway.   Karen's submissively offered rear view never failed to
excite him.

     Karen  heard Roger  opening  the  medicine  cabinet  in  the
bathroom and knew for  a certainty what we was looking  for.  Her
anus clenched involuntarily  in anticipation.  Karen  heard Roger
enter her room and open a drawer directly behind her.  She had no
doubt it  was her  "toy" drawer  containing the  various sex  and
bondage  devices she  had collected  since  meeting her  dominant
boyfriend.

     Roger moved to  Karen's side so she  could see him.   As she
expected, a jar of vaseline was in one hand.   It looked like one
of her butt  plugs was in the  other.  Roger opened  the vaseline
and leisurely  dipped  a finger  deep  into it,  pulling  it  out
covered in the slippery jelly.

     "We're going out  for our adventure  tonight." he smiled  at
her.

     "Mmmmm" Karen moaned, "Sounds like you've  got hot plans for
me."

     Roger chuckled, "Yes, I think I've outdone myself tonight."

     Roger  walked behind the  pretty blond  as Karen  closed her
eyes, waiting for the inevitable.  Roger waited a moment, knowing
that her anticipation and heat were building eve though he wasn't
touching her.    Karen's anus  was  spread wide  open  and  Roger
watched as it clenched and relaxed despite her.

     He reached forward and held just the tip of his finger up to
the tight brown  ring.   Karen gasped  at the cool  touch of  the
lubricant on Roger's finger.  Roger held his finger there, making
tiny  minute circles over  the sensitive flesh,  knowing that the
sensations for Karen would be intense.

     Karen was holding  her breath feeling each  tiny movement of
Roger's  finger  all  the  way  through  her  body.    Her  whole
consciousness was centred on that tiny part of her anatomy.

     With a slow but firm motion,  Roger slid his finger past the
tight muscles of  Karen's anus and deep into her body.  Karen let
out the air she'd been holding in one long whoosh.

     Roger held his  finger deep in the rectum  of his submissive
girlfriend  letting her  catch  her breath  for  a moment  before
slowly twisting  his finger back and  forth as he pulled  it from
her.

     Karen's  body trembled at the sensation.  It was as if every
one of her  nerve endings had taken  up residence in  her bottom.
Roger added  more lubricant  and slid  his finger  deep into  her
again.  Karen arched  her back in pleasure.  Anal  sex had always
been one of her favourite games.

     Roger picked up  the rectal plug and rested  the tip against
the slippery opening  of Karen's  anus.  He  paused for a  moment
then slowly pressed the plug  in.  The 5" inch plug got wider and
wider until the widest part  of it stretched Karen about an  inch
and a half open.  Karen's breath was a little ragged now.

     Roger  twisted  the  plug slightly,  pushing  it  in another
half-inch  and then  let the  muscles  of Karen's  anus pull  the
remainder of the plastic toy into her body.

     "Mmmmm, I'm so hot for you." said  Karen as she let her hips
sway back and  forth.  The feeling  of the firm  plastic intruder
deep in her body was naughty, intruding, hot.

     "Now, go put on your white dress, you know, the tight cotton
one."

     "Stockings and garters too?"

     Roger  chuckled.   "No, just  the  dress and  heels and,  of
course, this." he  said tapping on the  end of the plug  with one
finger.

     Karen pulled  the thin cotton dress  over her head.   It was
one of Roger's favourites.   The form  fitting dress moulded  her
body perfectly.   Her over-sized nipples pushed hard  at the thin
material.   Karen knew  that if anyone  looked directly  at them,
they'd be able to see her dark areolae.

     The end of  the plug was now grasped  firmly between Karen's
buttocks but the length of it deep in her body shifted with every
movement.

     "I'm ready." she said

     "Great." said Roger, "Let's go."

     Karen gasped as her bare bottom touched the cool leather  of
the passenger seat in Roger's car, "Ooooh, a little cool."

     Roger smiled.

     "Can you tell me where we're going?"  asked Karen

     "You'll know very soon.  Just be patient."

     The drive lasted  only a  few minutes  and ended  up in  the
center of the city.

     "Here we  are." smiled Roger as  he helped Karen  out of the
car.

     Karen's heart was  pounding.  What would happen  here?  Each
of their adventures this  far had been tremendously  exciting and
Karen knew that she trusted Roger completely.  She also knew that
not knowing  was  part of  the  game and  that  it added  to  the
excitement she was feeling right now.

     Roger held her hand and walked Karen into a high-rise office
tower.   The rectal plug  still deep in  Karen's body rolled  and
shifted at every step,  reminding her of  her submissive role  in
tonight's game.   Although it was dark, there still  a few people
moving in and out of the building.  Roger and Karen waited for an
elevator and then got in.  Roger pressed the 18th floor button.

     Taking her by the elbow,  he moved Karen around.   "Stand in
the corner like  a good little girl." he said.  Karen shivered as
she did  so.  She was very familiar  with this position, at least
when she was alone with Roger.  She was usually naked and usually
had   just  been   over  Roger's   knee   for  an   old-fashioned
bare-bottomed spanking.

     Now she was standing submissively in an office elevator.  To
her shock, Roger reached  down and pulled the cotton dress  up to
her waist.

     "Roger!" exclaimed Karen

     "Shhhhh.  Be  a good girl and don't move."  he said, patting
her bare bottom affectionately.

     Thank God  they were alone  on the elevator,  thought Karen.
She listened to her heart pounding and knew that she was blushing
furiously at the sensation of being so exposed.

     Karen heard the  bell for their floor and  felt the elevator
slowing before Roger finally said, "Ok.  You can cover yourself."

     With a sigh of  relief, Karen pulled her dress down over her
hips and below  her buttocks and turned around.   Roger led Karen
down the 18th floor corridor and finally into a waiting room.

     "Roger,  what's  going to  happen  here?" asked  Karen  in a
little voice.

     Roger chuckled, "Nothing  too serious  sweetheart, I'm  just
making sure you keep your body in its best shape for me so you're
here for a quick checkup."

     "What!" said Karen, "but..., but...."

     "Miss, please follow  me." A nurse's voice had  broken in on
Karen's protests.  Before she really had time to think about  it,
Karen  was being  led through a  door and down  a short corridor.
With the  exception  of  the  nurse,  the  office  seemed  empty.
Following the nurse, Karen was led into a large examining room.

     "I'll  be checking your  weight and height  first." said the
nurse, "Please take off your clothes."

     Karen waited for a moment, hoping the nurse would leave  the
room or  at least  turn her  back, but  it was  not to  be.   She
stepped out  her heels first  and felt the cold  tile beneath her
feet.  Using both hands, she pulled her thin dress over her head.
Karen blushed as she felt the nurse's eyes on her smoothly shaved
pubis.    The nurse directed Karen  onto the scale and  Karen was
careful to  keep her bottom turned  away from her.   Although the
end of the rectal plug was mostly concealed between Karen's round
buttocks, she was sure the nurse would see it if she turned.

     Once  Karen's height and weight were recorded, Karen thought
the nurse might leave perhaps giving  her a chance to get rid  of
the plug, but again it was not to be.

     The nurse opened a second door and motioned Karen to  enter.
Keeping  her  buttocks  tightly  clenched, Karen  did  so.   This
examining room  was  slightly larger  and  was set  up  with  the
examining table in the middle of  the room instead of off to  the
side.

     "Up on the table please." said the nurse.

     Karen lifted herself  into a sitting position on the leather
covered table, feeling the plug push even  deeper into her as she
sat on it.

     A moment later  the door opened and  a young man in  a white
lab coat entered.

     "Hello  Karen,  I'm  Doctor  Wilson,  I'll  be  giving  your
examination today."

     Karen was instantly charmed.  The doctor was young and  very
attractive and before  she knew it he had checked  her heart, her
reflexes, her eyes,  ears and throat.   Through it all the  nurse
had sat quietly and Karen had almost forgotten about her.

     "Ok, lie back please." said the doctor and Karen started  to
do so.  With a start she realized that the rectal plug was  still
in her.

     "Uh...uh...no, wait." she started but the doctor had already
pulled the  steel stirrups up and was pulling her left ankle into
one.

     'Oh God!' thought Karen, 'He's going to see EVERYTHING!'

     In a moment the other foot was snugly settled into a stirrup
and the  doctor had  dropped the end  of the table  under Karen's
buttocks leaved her  completely exposed.    Doctor Wilson reached
over and  turned on  the bright  flood light  at the  end of  the
table.

     "Hmmmmm." he murmured interestedly.

     Karen squeezed her eyes tight.   She felt her face flush hot
with embarrassment and  knew the blush was sliding  down her face
and onto  her upper chest  to the tops of  her breasts.   She had
never been so embarrassed.

     Karen felt the stirrups being adjusted.  They were stretched
a  little wider and  pulled a little  closer to her  body.  Karen
felt her buttocks and  pussy spread even  wider for the  doctor's
inspection.

     Doctor's Wilson's hands felt warm at the top of her  thighs.


     "Hmmmm,  nicely  shaved lips."  he  said as  his  hands slid
higher and  gently rested a  thumb on either  side of her  smooth
pussy.  The doctor pulled his thumbs apart, peeling open  Karen's
pink, wet interior.

     "Hmmm,  yes,  you  seem sexually  aroused  Karen."  he said.
Sliding his  thumbs higher,  Dr. Wilson  pulled the  head of  her
clitoris back to expose the sensitive area.

     Karen felt  the hands  slide lower and  now the  thumbs were
resting on her buttocks and pulling them apart.

     "And  what have  we  here?"   said  the doctor.    Using his
forefinger, he tapped several times on the end of the plug.  Each
tap seemed to  reverberate though Karen's whole body.   She could
feel his fingers on it now, teasing  it, twisting it.  "This will
require further investigation, I think." he said.

     Each  touch of  the plug  was  electric and  Karen knew  her
arousal was perfectly  visible to doctor and nurse  who could see
her most intimate parts.

     Dr. Wilson grasped  the plug and began teasing  it from her,
pulling and  twisting in  tiny motions  until just  the tip  held
Karen's  anus open.  With a final  slow seductive twist he pulled
the device from her completely and laid it aside.

     Karen tried without success  to stifle a  moan.  The  doctor
just  chuckled, "Sensitive  hmm?  Well  a submissive  little girl
like yourself should be used to that kind of stimulation."

     Karen opened her eyes to see the  doctor squeezing a tube of
lubricant onto his finger.  Embarrassed at what was happening  to
her,  she closed  her eyes  again.   The  doctor's finger  teased
around her rear opening much as Roger's had earlier and then slid
in.  There was  no resistance.  The  plug had made sure of  that.
First one finger then two  twisted and penetrated the  submissive
girl's bottom.  Karen squirmed.

     "Tsk, tsk.  Can't  have you thrashing  all over the  table."
said the doctor.   In a flash, cotton straps were holding Karen's
ankles firmly  to the  metal stirrups.   She  was helpless!   The
added restraint only seemed to turn her on more.

     "Give  me your  hands Karen."    It was  the nurse's  voice.
Karen opened  her eyes and saw the nurse right beside her.  As if
in a dream she lifted her hands  and offered them to the doctor's
assistant.  She  felt her hands being  pulled to the head  of the
table and fastened there.  Her breasts were now flattened against
her body like little mounds with only her turgid nipples sticking
up.  The nurse's hand slid down Karen's side, dragging across her
left nipple.   She felt it, squeezed  gently by the nurse  as she
walked back to the end of the room and sat down.

     Karen's body  was  a turmoil  of sensations.   The  doctor's
twisting, penetrating fingers were pulling out of her bottom.

     "We'll  be checking  your  reflexes again."  he  said as  he
turned to  pick something up.   Karen  felt the end  of something
hard touch  her now open  anus.  The  doctor pushed and  the long
thin object disappeared into her slippery rectum.  It was  longer
than the  plug but  thinner, she thought  as her  anus contracted
down on the foreign object now  held in her.  Another object  was
now sliding into her pussy.  She couldn't identify it but  it was
perhaps the size of a small egg, she thought.  A third object was
resting high on her shaved pubis, almost directly over her clit.

     "We're going to watch  you have an  orgasm Karen", said  the
doctor, "Given  your current state  of arousal,  you'll be  quite
helpless to prevent it but just in case, we're going to  give you
a little help.

     The warm fingers on Karen's right nipple made her jump.  She
looked  up to  see the doctor  putting a clear  ointment onto it.
Immediately her  nipple started  tingling.  It  was warm  and not
quite tickling,  not quite itching.   It  felt like a  dozen tiny
insects were crawling all over the nipple.  The doctor let go and
the already hard nipple stood out further.  Karen felt  it aching
to be touched.   She wanted to beg the  doctor to take it in  his
mouth but she  bit her lip and moaned softly instead.  The doctor
was now  doing the  other nipple  and a  moment later,  both were
thicker  and longer  than Karen  could  ever remember.   She  was
squirming now.  Only her restraints  held her to the table.   The
doctor chuckled and moved back between her legs.  A moment later,
Karen  felt  the  device in  her  pussy  come alive.    It  was a
vibrator!   It was immediately followed by  the device in her ass
vibrating also.   Karen  cried out.   She couldn't  help herself.
The  doctor reached up  and turned  on the  final vibrator.   The
vibrations directly  over Karen's  clit were too  much.   She was
bouncing  up and down  on the table.   With another  cry she felt
herself starting to come.  It was all consuming, including  every
part of her body.  Her nipples contracted even tighter and seemed
directly  connected to her  clit, her pussy  and her over-excited
anus.  Again and again and again  she came, pulling at the straps
that held her.   Finally, limp and  exhausted, she could come  no
more.    As  though  from a  million  miles  away,  she felt  the
vibrators being pulled from  her and her  wrists unfastened.   It
was a few more minutes before Karen could regain enough composure
to open her eyes.

     The 'doctor' was smiling at her, "Your Master is going to be
proud of you.  I'm going to give you a parting gift before you go
back  with him.   Call  it a  graduation present.   Karen's  eyes
widened as  she  watched him  squeeze  a little  of  the  teasing
ointment  onto his forefinger.  A  moment later she gasped as his
finger slid gently  but firmly all the  way into her bottom.   He
twisted  back  and  forth for  a  moment,  coating  the sensitive
membranes  of  her rectum  and  anus  before  pulling out.    The
sensation was immediate.  Despite herself, Karen felt a desire to
have her bottom penetrated again.  Karen looked  down and saw the
doctor holding another rectal plug.

     "This plug is a  little different than  the one you  arrived
with.  As  you can  see it  has two ridges,  not one  and it's  a
little longer."

     Karen felt the  plug penetrated her  then slowly spread  her
open but unlike  her one  plug, when her  anus started to  clench
down, it was  spread again until the wider ridge  was buried deep
in her.  The plug only partly alleviated the internal  excitement
and teasing of the ointment.  Karen squirmed several times as her
ankles were unfastened and she was helped to her feet.

     The nurse whose  name Karen never found out took  her by the
arm out  of the room and back  into the room where  her dress and
shoes were waiting.

     "Go stand in  the corner Karen.   That's a good  girl." said
the nurse.   Karen  stood as  she had  been taught,  nose pressed
gently directly into the corner, feet apart, hands resting at her
sides.  With the exception of the end of the plug resting between
her pretty buttocks, she was completely naked.

     Karen   felt  the   nurse's  hand   pat   her  bare   bottom
affectionately before leaving the room.  "Stay like that and wait
for your Master." were her parting words.

     Karen heard  Roger's voice talking  to the doctor  and nurse
but could only catch part of  the conversation.  The ointment  on
her nipples  had them aching  to be  squeezed or suckled  and the
ointment in her  bottom made her  shift her  weight from foot  to
foot.  As she  did so, she felt  the plug deep in her  body shift
too.  Suddenly Roger was there, sliding his hands down the length
of her back, kissing her neck.

     "I saw the whole thing on video." he whispered into her ear.
"You were incredibly hot!"  His fingers found the end of the plug
and wiggled  it, knowing it was teasing  her deep inside.  "Shall
we go home and watch the tape?"  he asked  "Are you still hot for
more?"

     "Oh God am  I ever!" moaned  Karen as  Roger handed her  her
dress.

     It was many hours  later, cuddled up  in their bed  together
when Roger and Karen finally settled down to sleep.

     "Roger this  was the best  ever." murmured  Karen, "I  loved
it."

     Roger chuckled into  her ear.  "Wait until you see what I've
got planned for next time!"
Alison's Punishment
Story #69 in the Master Chris Collection
_________________________________________________________________

Alison  walked down  the stairs  to the basement.   She  was very
nervous.   Her  punishment  which she  had been  waiting  for for
almost forty minutes was  now at hand.   Her mother and her  Aunt
Janet had made Alison  wait in the corner of the living room like
a  naughty little girl.   She had  been instructed  to remove her
panties and hold  her dress to  her waist with  her nose  pressed
right into the corner of the room while she waited for her cousin
Jennifer  to be  punished  in the  basement.   Alison  had waited
quietly while the muffled  sounds of Jennifer's spanking  carried
upstairs.

At  18,  Alison  found  it humiliating  to  still  get child-like
spankings  but she  had  to admit,  she deserved  one  this time.
Getting caught shoplifting with Jennifer was one of the stupidest
things  she'd ever  done.   She  could only  hope  that a  simple
spanking was the  only punishment she'd receive.  Her parents had
been known to punish her in other ways.

Alison stepped onto the basement floor followed by her mother and
aunt.  Facing her  in  the  middle of  the  floor  was a  strange
contraption.

"This  is a  punishment  bench  Alison,"  said  her  Aunt  Janet.
"You'll  be making  its acquaintance in  a few moments.   First I
want  to see  you out  of those  clothes.   Come on,  strip down,
completely."

Alison  hesitated a  moment.   Although she  had been  baring her
buttocks for the last forty  minutes, stripping nude would reveal
herself more than she had counted on.

"Come, come  Alison," said her  mother.  "There's  nothing you've
got under there that we haven't seen before."

Alison squeezed  her eyes shut as  she pulled her  dress over her
head.  It was all she was wearing.  Her hands dropped immediately
to cover her pubis.

"Hands on your head young lady," said Aunt Janet sharply.

Alison's  hands dashed  to the  top of  her head at  the command,
leaving her body  completely exposed.  Alison's body was a little
fuller than her cousin's.   Her breasts were firm but  round with
rose coloured  nipples and surrounding areola that were currently
crinkled erect in excitement.

Both older  women's eyes  were drawn  directly to  the teenager's
bare protubing pubis.

"Hmmm," said her mother, "I guess I was wrong.  How long have you
shaved your pussy bare."

Alison hung her head  miserably.  "About a month," she  said.  "I
did it for my bikini."

Sara  chuckled.   "Well I  guess you didn't  count on  being this
exposed.  Ok, lie on top of the punishment bench."

Sara and Janet placed Alison over the  bench so that her head and
feet were  lower than her  bottom.  Janet moved  around her niece
fastening the  leather straps  across the small  of her  back and
around her  wrists.   Alison  could  still feel  the  warmth  and
moisture of her cousin's body on the leather.  Imagining Jennifer
in this position  left Alison with a strange  feeling of arousal.
She hoped her mother and aunt wouldn't notice.

With the leather straps  fastened, Alison's upper  body  was  now
completely immobile.   Janet moved  around the  wood and  leather
restriction  table and lifted Alison's legs  and placed her knees
over the strategically placed  pegs.  This  left her spread  open
and more exposed than ever.  Alison's view was  restricted to the
leather pad for her head but she could imagine what she must look
like to her mother and Aunt Janet.  Her breasts hung freely below
her  given the design of the bench  to leave her body unsupported
from her shoulders to her belly.    Her nipples were still  hard,
achingly hard as they pointed her breasts at the floor.

The  view from behind was  even more interesting.   With the pegs
and leather  straps  now holding  her  legs splayed  wide  apart,
Alison could feel the air in the room waft across her spread open
inner  pussy lips.    At least  it  was just  her  mom and  aunt.
Jennifer had just been spanked by her father and uncle!  In fact,
looking from  behind, Jan  and Sara could  see not  only Alison's
pussy lips but also between them.  With no pubic hair to obstruct
their view  even  the tip  of  Alison's clitoris  could  be  seen
peeking from its  hood.  The erect clitoris  and obvious moisture
on the pink extended lips of Alison's pussy  made it obvious that
she was aroused by her predicament.

Looking further up,  Alison's buttocks could be  seen spread wide
open thanks  to the  over-extended position of  her thighs.   Her
anus was light pink and crinkled shut.

'She probably doesn't even know it's on display,'  thought  Janet
with a smile.  Well she will soon enough.

"Sara, should  we use one  of these?"  asked Janet, holding  up a
ginger suppository.

"What is it?" asked Sara, curious.

"Janet ripped open the foil packet and let Sara smell the ginger.
"It will get very hot," she said in low voice, smiling.

Sara's  eyes widened in  understanding.  "Alison,"  she said, "Do
you know why you're being punished?"

"Yes, Ma'am," said Alison.  "I know the shoplifting was wrong and
I promise never, never, never to do it again."

"Well we are going to help you remember that promise young  lady.
You can  expect to leave this room with your bottom scalding hot.
Moreover, I  think the  severity of  your crime  warrants a  good
enema."

Alison moaned.

"I  know  you find  them embarrassing  but the  embarrassment and
discomfort will serve  to remind you not to get into this kind of
trouble again."

"First though,"  said Sara  as she  patted her  daughter's smooth
buttock, "Your  aunt is  going to  prepare your  bottom for  your
enema with something that will be probably uncomfortable.

'What was this?!' thought Alison as she tensed up.

Janet was standing now between Alison's spread thighs and holding
the 1 1/2"  ginger suppository in her  fingers.  She  watched the
young girl's anus clench  tight at her  mother's warning.   Janet
tickled the tip of the slippery capsule directly into the  center
of the crinkled anus.

"Relax it Alison," she said.

Alison could feel the cold slick  sensation of something touching
her bottom.  'What was it?' she wondered.   Alison forced herself
to unclench her bottom and as she did so Janet smoothly  slid the
first inch into her  anus.  Rolling the end with  her fingers she
twirled the  half-inserted capsule  in the  tight opening  to the
girl's rear passage before pushing in completely.  Using the  tip
of her finger now, Janet slowly pushed the suppository deep  into
Alison's  rectum with  a  twisting motion  until  her finger  was
buried to the  hilt in her rectal  canal and she could  just feel
the tip of the suppository with her finger.

Janet  slowly pulled her  finger out leaving  the melting capsule
deep in Alison's rectum.

Taking a step  back, Janet waited for the  caustic suppository to
take effect.  Alison would feel it first on the ring of her anus,
she knew.  It  took about a minute.  First Alison  squirmed for a
moment then Janet and Sara watched as the teenager's toes  curled
and  her thighs  squeezed  the wooden  pegs  holding them  apart.
Alison let out  a low moan as  the effect of the ginger  began to
take effect.

"Owww  Mommy it's hot,  take it out!"  cried the young  girl in a
plaintive voice.

The two older women watched Alison's anus now clench and  release
in a  'winking' motion  as the deep  seated ginger  began working
through her bowels.

We'll be back down in a few minutes to continue your punishment."
said Alison's mother in  reply.  Alison's  barely heard her,  the
sensations deep in her bottom taking all of her attention.

Janet and  Sara went back to  the living room where  Jennifer was
now waiting, completely nude with her nose pressed firmly in  the
corner.  Her bottom was still a deep red and Sara and Jan watched
for a moment as Jennifer clenched and released her buttocks in  a
vain attempt to alleviate the heat she was experiencing.

Janet and Sara's  respective husbands were soon found  out on the
patio.

"Any trouble with Alison?", asked Doug.

"No, none.   She's down there waiting for her  enema and spanking
on that marvellous spanking bench."

"Yes, John and I were just discussing it.  He's going to give  me
a hand building one for us." said Sara's husband.

"Well  it  certainly  does leave  you  completely  exposed," said
Janet, blushing.

Well I wouldn't mind seeing you both on there," chuckled Doug.

"We've  got someone  on there  now  who needs  her bottom  warmed
first," said Sara.   "Although her rectum is  getting an internal
warming with that suppository.  When did you start using those?"

"About two years ago," said John.  "They're certainly effective."

"They certainly had Jennifer squirming," said Doug.

"Yes,  I'll bet you  liked that view,"  chuckled his wife  as she
playfully punched his arm.

"You bet I did, although the view  I liked the best was the sight
of Jennifer's  nipples. Have  you seen  how large  they got  when
erect?"

"They're quite spectacular," agreed  John.  "She takes after  her
mom."

"Well, your  daughter has a  surprise view for  you when  you get
downstairs," said Sara.  "She's shaved herself pubis completely!"

"Speaking of  which,  I guess  we  should head  down  and  finish
Alison's punishment," said John.

"Alison's face was wet with tears.   She was miserable.  The  hot
ginger suppository was now completely melted deep in her body and
she could feel  the effects from just behind her belly button all
the way  out to her anus  and her punishment hadn't  even started
yet!  For  the last ten minutes  the only sound Alison  had heard
was the  sound of  her own breathing  and whimpering  leaving her
nothing to concentrate on but the discomfort in her bottom.

The sounds  of footsteps  coming down the  stairs behind  her was
almost a relief.

"A little uncomfortable Alison?" asked Janet.

Alison nodded her head miserably.

"Well  I imagine  you're  looking forward  to  your enema  then,"
smiled her mother.

Alison could  hear the sounds of what must be the enema equipment
being organized behind her.

"This punishment bench leaves you quite exposed back her Alison."
said Doug.

Alison  started!   Her father was  in the  room and he  could see
everything!   Alison  felt the  tip  of something  cool and  flat
stroke her inner thighs  towards her pussy.  It was  the end of a
riding crop that had most recently been used to spank her cousin.
The flat leather tip struck her naked pussy lips gently and  then
rubbed lengthwise up her now soaking slit.

"I  can see  what  you mean  about her  pussy  being bare,"  said
Alison's  uncle.   "It  leaves  her  even  more naked  than  just
undressed.

Alison's head pulled up like a shot!  Her thighs strained  as she
tried in vain  to pull away from  her restraints.  Her  uncle was
here!  That was his hand holding the riding crop to rub her bare,
oh  God,  her shaved  and  bare pussy!    To make  matters worse,
Alison's  pussy was now soaking wet with sexual tension.  She had
never been so embarrassed in all her life.

Now the crop  slid higher along her  side, making a trail  to her
left  breast.  John smacked the  tip of her hanging breast gently
then   again  sharply  enjoying  the  sight  of  Alison's  nipple
crinkling to an even more erect state.

You've filled out since I saw you last Alison," said John.

The  tears  were  flowing  freely  now  as  Alison  suffered  the
indignation of being stroked again across her naked nipple by her
uncle's crop.

Alison could still feel the tip of the crop moving here and there
on  her  body when  the  sensation of  someone  standing directly
between her thighs made  her aware that  the next portion of  her
punishment was at hand.  The cool sensation of a fingertip at the
entrance to her rectum was almost a relief.  Her rear passage and
the  portal to  it had been  on fire  it seemed forever.   Alison
wondered fleetingly who it was that was tickling  her anus as the
lubricated finger applied  a blob of vaseline to  the tight brown
opening.  Alison  was sure it was  either her mother or  her aunt
from the delicate movements  of the fingertip.   The four  adults
had watched with interest how Alison's teenage anus had opened up
like a flower with the suppository.  When they had descended, the
muscles  between   Alison's  buttocks  had   been  clenching  and
releasing frantically in a  vain attempt to  release some of  the
intense  sensations originating  deep  in her  young  body.   Now
Sara's long  thin finger had a large blob  of vaseline on its tip
and Sara was  rubbing that vaseline gently and  slowly around the
rim of Alison's anus.  The adults watched as Alison's hips raised
in an automatic response, trying to seek more of the cool relief.

Sara smiled as  she teased the tiny opening a moment longer.  She
was rewarded with a moan from Alison at the erotic sensations she
was experiencing through  her entire pelvic floor.   At the sound
of Alison's pleasure, Sara firmly but slowly pushed first the tip
and then her entire long  finger into Alison's rectum, continuing
until it was as embedded as deeply as it would go.  Alison's toes
curled  in  response  and  everyone  could  see  her  tight  body
trembling with the tension it had built up.

Sara twisted her  finger through a full rotation  feeling how hot
and tight  her daughter's rectum was.   'It will  give some lucky
boy quite  a thrill  one day,'  she thought  to herself.   Gently
pulling the  finger all  the way out,  Sara noticed  how Alison's
anus  pulled at her,  trying despite her to  hold the finger deep
inside.   She applied  more lubricant  and slid  her finger  deep
inside again, twisting and turning, coating the first 4 inches of
Alison's rectal tube with a liberal portion of the clear jelly.

By  the  time Alison  was  lubricated,  her body  was  a  mass of
sensations.  First her bottom had been burning hot.  It was still
irritated enough that  it was making her squirm  but the vaseline
had taken most  of the  sting away.   Now, the  sensation of  her
mother's long and cool  finger twisting and  sliding deep in  her
rectum had her squirming from different feelings.

Alison felt her mother's finger pull from her and felt the tip of
what must  be the  enema nozzle  touch  the center  of her  anus.
Again it was Sara  who was attending  to the enema  preparations.
Alison felt the tip of the  hard, cool plastic separate the tight
anal ring.   The effects of  the suppository  made her more  open
than she had ever been back there.   She was completely unable to
resist the initial penetration of her rear.

Sara twisted the  tip around  a couple of  times to get  Alison's
bottom used to the feeling before pushing the nozzle forward.  As
she did so Alison realized that the nozzle  being used wasn't the
simple enema nozzle  or even the  longer, thicker douche  nozzle.
It was the hated Bardex.  This long nozzle came complete with two
inflatable bulbs.  One of these deflated bulbs would be  inserted
into her rectum,  the other close behind  it would be left  out.
When they  were both  inflated, they  would press  close together
making  an unbreakable seal  between them  and ensuring  that the
water  injected into  her body would  stay there  until released.
The insertion  of the  first bulb  was  always uncomfortable  for
Alison but this time  her bottom seemed to  flare out and  accept
it.  'Probably because of that damned suppository,' she thought.

Alison held her breath, waiting for the dreaded inflation of  the
bulbs to begin.   She  didn't have  to wait long.   The  inflator
bulbs looked  much the  same as those  on a  blood-pressure cuff.
Each squeeze would send air  directly to the balloon  surrounding
the enema tube  now inserted into her  bottom.  Alison heard  the
sound of  the squeezed inflator  at the  same time  she felt  the
object  in her  rectum move.    Several strong  squeezed had  her
squealing in protest  as first  the internal,  then the  external
bulbs were filled.   The inflating of the  Bardex had pulled  her
anus wider open  but with both bulbs pushing  against each other,
the  rubber had  effectively taken  control  over any  evacuation
Alison might want to  do.  The sensation made Alison  push at the
bulbs.  It was involuntary just  as though she was in the  middle
of a bowel movement.  No amount of pushing would have  any effect
on the nozzle.

"Very effective," said Janet as she inspected the arrangement.

"This table makes  it even easier," said Sara,  wiping her hands.
"Her bottom is at  the perfect position  for accessing   Alison's
rectum.  I'm  sure looking forward  to getting  one of these  for
ourselves.   Also,  that  suppository must  have  opened her  up.
Getting the Bardex into Alison's bottom is usually a struggle but
this time it just slid right in."

Alison waited.  She knew that  the next  step was to  release the
enema  into her.   It was  Alison's father  who did  the honours.
Reaching up he  undid the clip holding the water in the enema bag
hanging a couple of  feet above Alison's  naked and spread  body.
Alison  felt  the  rush  of  water  start  into  her  with   some
apprehension.  She  never knew what might happen  at this moment.
In some  cases the enema bag would be  filled with hot, hot water
and  the  resulting sensation  would  be like  liquid  fire being
injected into  her.   Other occasions  had seen  very cool  water
sliding into her  with the resulting cramps  being instantaneous.
Other opportunities had  seen water with various  solutions added
all which served to increase her discomfort.  This time the water
was  warm, just a  bit warmer than body  temperature.  'Was there
soap or something else in it?' she wondered.

"You're  fortunate that your enema is water only tonight Alison,"
said her father as  though reading her thoughts.  To  make up for
this  you'll be  getting a  little  extra water  in your  bottom.
Alison whimpered in reply, her attention completely absorbed with
dealing with the sensations occurring now deep in her bowels.

"This ought to keep you from making an accident," said John as he
giggled the  end  of the  Bardex  enema nozzle  sticking  out  of
Alison's spread anus.   Alison strained at  the sensation as  the
inserted section of the nozzle wiggled back and forth well inside
her rectum.

Alison barely  heard the sound of  the adults moving back  up the
stairs, leaving her to the automatic actions of the water filling
her belly.   The position  and design of  the table  let Alison's
belly  expand and hang  below her as  it slowly filled  with what
seemed an  enormous amount  of water.   Alison was  thankful that
there was nothing in  the water that  caused cramps although  she
knew that  the water alone  would be  uncomfortable.  'God.   How
much  water is it?'  she wondered  as the  sound of  the gurgling
water  continued to fill her.  At  last the bag was empty and the
water now held by gravity and the Bardex deep in her bottom.

It was a  few minutes  later that  Alison heard the  sounds of  a
single person descending the  stairs behind her.   'Who was  it,'
she wondered.    Alison could  sense  the person  moving  quietly
closer  until she  was sure  that  they were  standing   directly
between her flexed and outstretched thighs.  For a moment,  there
was absolute silence as  Alison waited to  see what would  happen
and the person behind her waited, observing the young girl.

The sensation of the long enema nozzle being touched was like  an
electric  shock to  Alison.  She  started as she  felt the nozzle
being  manipulated.  It was just the  nozzle being closed and the
hose to the now empty enema bag being detached as it  turned out.
Still the wiggling of  the device deep inside of her  body as the
hose  was removed  caused Alison  to  moan softly  and squirm  in
response.

"You still  have your  spanking coming to  you young  lady," said
Janet.

Alison closed  her eyes.   She knew this  was coming and  now she
knew that it would be her aunt who delivered her punishment.   At
least she  wouldn't  be  spanked  in  front  of  all  the  adults
especially her uncle.

Alison felt something hard and smooth rub in soft circles  around
her buttocks.

"I'll be spanking you with this," said her aunt.

'A paddle,' thought Alison.

Janet turned  the hairbrush over  and rubbed the  bristles gently
across the  pale white  buttocks of  her young  niece.  With  her
bottom pulled tight by her extended position she knew there would
be no escaping the punishment to come.

'Oh God a hairbrush,'  thought Alison.  She knew  that her bottom
would soon be as fire red as her face  had been from blushing for
the last forty minutes.

The sharp bristles  of the hairbrush wandered all  over the naked
flesh, around each buttock, down the spread open right thigh  and
back up the sensitive inner thigh all the way to the top.  Alison
tensed as the bristles approached her smooth pussy.  Janet pulled
the brush away just before touching Alison's pubis and brought it
down to Alison's left leg to repeat the  process.  Janet revelled
in the sight in front of her.  The hard-bodied teen was as spread
out as her body could  allow.  Looking down, Janet  was presented
with the stretched muscles of Alison's thighs spread out over the
wooden pegs that  held them apart.  Alison's  pale white buttocks
were spread out due to her overextended position.  The end of the
Bardex nozzle and the  outer bulb squeezed  up tight against  her
anus.

Janet lifted  the brush from  the stroking of  Alison's sensitive
thighs.  She new  the effect she was having on  the younger girl.
The lips  of Alison's pussy  were very puffed out  and very, very
wet.   Janet tapped lightly on the end  of the nozzle buried deep
in Alison's rectum.  Alison  gasped at the sensation.   The shock
wave of the tiny  tap ran like a  shock wave down the rubber  and
plastic tube to reverberate deep in her overfull belly.

"Are you ready for your spanking now Alison?" asked Janet.

"Yes  Ma'am," she  answered  weakly.    The  physical  sensations
running through the young girl were overwhelming and the spanking
now looming in front of her was an almost welcome relief.

The  first smack  of the brush  was sharp  and hot on  Ali's left
white buttock.   Just  the first  smack was enough  to release  a
floodgate  of  tears.    They  had  been  bottled  up  since  her
humiliating punishment  began.   Janet kept up   a  furious pace,
smacking first left then  right until each  buttock was a  bright
red.  It was perhaps five minutes of spanking before Janet paused
and rubbed her palm over the red cheeks.

"Mmmm, nice and warm I think," said Janet.

With her left hand, Janet grasped the end of  the nozzle sticking
from Alison's bottom.  Any touch on the deep-seated device caused
Alison the most conflicting sensations.  It was obvious to Janet.
With the brush  in her right hand, Janet  continued the spanking.
Each smack  of the brush was like fire to Alison but with all the
sensations at the same  time it was  difficult to concentrate  on
any of  them.  The warm water was  still stretching her belly out
as though she was  pregnant.  The  punishment bench itself  still
restrained Alison in the stretched out spread open position.  The
ginger suppository and the following lubrication and insertion of
the Bardex  nozzle had  left a deep  stinging warmth  that Alison
could still feel deep behind her swollen belly despite the  water
that  had passed through  her rectum into  her body.   The Bardex
itself  of  course was  still  inflated both  inside  and outside
Alison's  stretched open  anus.   Finally  the  spanking and  the
teasing of the nozzle left conflicting sensation of stinging heat
and heat of a more sexual kind.

Suddenly the spanking stopped.  Alison's breath was coming now in
ragged gasps.   She  wasn't  sure if  she  was gasping  from  the
spanking or the excitement  of all the  other sensations.   Janet
lifted her  hand from the  nozzle and  reversed the brush  in her
hand.  It  was obvious that Alison  was aroused.  Passing  a hand
once again over her niece's hot buttocks, Janet could feel  their
heat.   Taking the  hair brush,  Janet lowered  the bristle  side
close to the shaved  swollen pubis.   Alison's clitoris had  been
erect and  peeking out  of its  protective hood  almost from  the
moment she had been fastened over the  punishment bench.  Both it
and her  nipples were achingly  hard.   Even with  all the  other
sensations running through her, Alison could not get the feelings
in her clitoris and nipples out of her mind.

Alison could feel  the sharp stroking bristles of  the hair brush
move down her  hot buttocks toward  her wet pussy.   'Oh No'  she
thought, 'Is  she going  to spank my  pussy?'   Spanking Alison's
pussy was not  in Janet's plans.   Using the bristle side  of the
brush, Janet reached  as far up as  she could and  gently stroked
down from the top of Alison's bare slit along toward the bottom.

"Noooo"  moaned Alison  as she  felt her  control  slipping away.
This last  sensation was too  much for her.   As much as  she had
been trying to hold back, the bristles dragging along her swollen
slit, pulling at her clit drove Alison over the edge.  Her orgasm
seemed to  start deep  behind her naval  button, deep  within her
water-filled belly.   Janet tapped her finger against  the end of
the nozzle as  Alison's hips bucked and struggled  with the onset
of her orgasm.
