                         MASTER & SLAVE

     This is Alicia Karen Andrews, I am 5'5" and about 115 lbs
with a healthy chest size and a figure that most guys would die
to have.  This is the accounts of what happened to bring me to be
the person I am today.
     The day had been a dull and dreary day at home until Alicia
got the package in the mail.  The package was the size of a
normal, medium-sized cardboard box.  It did not have a return
address on it and the wrapping looked like any other ordinary
brown wrapping paper, the kind used by most people to send boxes
through the mail in.  
     Looking at the address label, glued to the top of the box
and typed in bold black ink, it read:

               Miss. Alicia K. Andrews
               3645 Huntington Avenue
               Singer, Az  90901-1123

     That was her address but who sent the package?  No distinct
markings on it to tell her where it can from except it was mailed
locally.
     She sat on the couch to open it.  Tearing through the paper,
she found the box to be white in color and no markings at all on
it.  Then she ripped open the box, which was not taped shut.
     Inside the box, on top of some clothing, was an envelope
with her name on it but instead of Miss., it read "SLAVE ALICIA."
     Setting the box aside for now, she opened the envelope and
pulled out the folded sheet of paper from inside.  The letter was
only a single page in length and the writing was the same as that
of the address label on the outside of the package.
     The letter begins with:

  Slave,

     I know you are the kind of person that I am currently  
   looking for to fill a spot in my harem of girls.  You do 
   not know me but I have been keeping an eye on you for quite
   some time now.  
     I know many things about you, everything from what your
   flavor television programs are to what kind of friends 
   you hang around with.  I even know what you are doing every
   hour of the day.
     In the box are some articles of clothing that, when you
   are done reading with letter, will take with you when you 
   drive to a mall.
     On the bottom inside of the box is a phone number that you
   will call at the mall.

                                        MASTER

     The letter seemed to compel herself to drive to the mall
now.  So she grabs the box and her purse and heads out the door
to her car.
     After driving to the mall, she looks in the bottom of the
box and finds the number to call, (699) 555-MINE.  After a number
of rings, someone answers the phone on the other end.

     "So you got the box. Good!" the voice on the phone said.

     "Unitum Matius Gream Lo Fatus Victum, there you should be
under my control.  You will follow all orders given to you by
myself to the letter.  As my mental slave, you will follow these
instructions.  From now on your name is not Alicia Andrews, it is
SLAVE. If a man stops to talk to you, you will answer him with
"Yes my Master" and you will tell the truth.  Here is what I want
you to do: 

     1 - Go to the ladies bathroom and change into the clothes in
the box, throwing your clothes in the dumpster in the center of
the mall,
     2 - Go to a shoe store.  While there you will pick-up and
try-on all styles of high-heeled shoes.  Pick-out a pair of black
three-inches tall high-heels, dropping your shoes in the closest
trash bin outside of the store,
     3 - Go to a pet store and buy yourself a dog collar, wearing
it out of the store after it is paid for.
     4 - Next you will leave the mall and head out of town
heading east until you hear from me.

     If anyone stops you from completing these tasks, you WILL DO
ANYTHING that you have to do to continue with the completion.

     Do you understand, slave?"

     Alicia answers "Yes, my Master"

     "Good.  Now hang the phone up and complete your tasks," then
the line went dead.
     Alicia hangs the phone up and walks to the ladies' room with
the box under her arm.

     Once inside the bathroom, she opens and lays the box on the
counter.  Inside is a black garter belt and stockings, a black
leather micro-mini skirt, a red fancy blouse, and NO bra or
panties.
     As she removes and drops her sweat shirt to the floor,
exposing her white bra to the others in the bathroom, an old lady
just "Hrmph!" and walks out the door.  While the only other two
ladies think it is weird but pay no attention to her.
     Next, she removes the bra, allowing her luscious size 37D-
cupped breasts to hang free.  Tossing the bra on top of the
shirt, the two ladies look at her like she is some kind of weirdo
and then the two exit.
     Alicia slips off her shoes and then pushes her jogging pants
down her incredible legs and off, setting them in the pile on the
floor with the top and bra. 
     The cool air of the bathroom is making her nipples stand out
more predominantly.  The nipples are starting to look like two
new erasers on some brand-new pencils.
     Next, she removes her panties just as an obese woman enters
with a brat, tagging along behind her.  The woman exclaims "Can't
you do that some place else?  This is a public bathroom, not a
changing room!" as she covers the young eyes of her daughter and
leaves.
     Standing there naked to the world, Alicia starts to put the
clothes from the box on.  She pulls one of the stockings up over
her ankle and on up to the where it will connect to the garter
belt straps.  Then the other one is put on.  She snaps the garter
belt around her waist, adjusting it so the straps will connect to
the stockings.  Snapping the belt to the stockings, she fixes the
stockings so as to make them fit correctly.
     Grabbing the skirt from the box, she can hear a few voices
just outside of the bathroom but she pays no attention.  Pulling
the skirt up until it is around her waist, she then grabs and
slides the blouse, from the box, on.  Buttoning the buttons on
the blouse, she tucks the tails of the shirt in the skirt and
zips the micro up.
     After straightening her clothes and pulling on her shoes,
she grabs the pile and the box and heads to the center of the
mall.
     Outside the bathroom, the obese woman is yelling at a mall
guard, pointing and gesturing, as Alicia exits.

     "Yes! She was standing there with nothing on!" the obese
woman shouts.
     "Ok, madam.  I know but it is a bathroom and you are a
woman," the guard says as he tries to quite her down.
     Pointing at Alicia, the obese woman yells, "There she is
officer.  That is the woman I saw in the bathroom!"
     Walking after Alicia, the guard catches up to her and says
"Excuse me, miss.  Miss."
     "Yes my Master," Alicia says.  The guard grabs hold of her
arm and walks her back to the entrance to the bathroom, then asks
her, "this woman over here tells me you were in the bathroom
changing, when her and her daughter entered and found you in the
state of undress.  Is that true?"
     "Yes, my Master," she says in response.
     Letting go of Alicia's arm and looking at her with a
puzzling glance, the guard tells her, "you just can not be doing
that.  I will have to escort you back to the mall security office
and get your name.  Please come with me."

     "Sorry, Master.  I will not do it again.  If you let me go I
will do ANYTHING you say," Alicia says with a pouting look.

     "Ok, no harm was done but you will have to still come with
me," the guard says as he waves the other people on and tells the
obese woman that, "everything is under control.  I will take care
of this one personally."

     When they get to the office, he shuffles Alicia into a
storeroom in the back.  He tells her, "Ok, I will not write a
report on you if I can get some."

     So Alicia drops to her knees and pulling his cock out after
unzipping his fly.  This catches the guard off balance but he is
already semi-hard from the way she looks and her "Yes my Master"
responses.
     She holds his cock by the base as she gobbles it.  She
starts to suck it until he is on the verge of coming.  He feels a
loss as Alicia pulls his cock out of her mouth and stands up.
     "Hey bitch!  What gives?" he exclaims.  He grabs for his
handcuffs and swings her around, slapping them on her and pushing
her up against a filing cabinet.
     "Hey!  I think you need to be taught a lessen for that," he
says as he pulls up on her skirt, exposing her bare butt cheeks
to his astonishment.
     Lifting her up by the waist, he wiggles himself in between
her legs and rams his rock-hard cock into her cunt.  She lets out
a gasp of air escape her mouth as he plunges into the depths of
her womanhood in one push.
     Acting like a high-powered piston, he pumps her in and out
until, with one last mighty push, he blasts her insides like a
geyser with his seed.

     Just having spent himself, he slaps her on the ass and tells
her to fix yourself and get the fuck out of the mall.

     Alicia pulls down her skirt after wiping herself off, she
leaves the office on her way to the center of the mall.  Reaching
the center, she discards her old clothes in the trash bin.  

     She heads for a shoe store to buy a pair of black three-inch
tall heels.

     Upon entering, she was hit with two salesmen about if they
could help her find anything.
     "Yes my Masters, I need a pair of black heels with a three-
inch spike," Alicia said.
     They gasp with bewilderment at the response they received. 
Falling over one another, the two men run into the back to get
all the pairs of shoes she asked for, not first getting her shoe
size.
     After getting her size this time, they bring out ALL the
shoes in her size for her to try on.
     As the first man is helping her try on a shoe, he glances up
at her and sees that she is not wearing anything under her skirt. 
He tells his buddy and he gets a beaver shot also.
     Having picked the pair she wants, the two men tell her that
the shoes are on the house.

     Alicia then walks to the pet store to get the dog collar. 
She enters and all the male animals go wild.  She quickly gets
one and pays for it, putting it on at the counter in front of the
clerk.

     Alicia leaves the mall and heads for her car.  She gets in
and pulls out of the parking lot, turning on the access road to
the highway east out of town.

**********************End of Part One****************************

