Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy

An experimentation story only.  This ends right in the middle of a sex
scene so may disappoint everyone right off the bat.  The story was inspired
by a movie on TV but it didn't turn out like I wante it to.  Let me know
what you think.  Rate the story from 1-4 with 4 being the best.  Tell me
what you liked and what you could have lived without.


The Master's Slave

	Annabelle brushed her long blonde hair for the 400th stroke before
addressing the maid waiting patiently for her command.
	"Bring me one of the niggers," she said curtly to the black maid.  "One of
the big ones. Strong you know.  I have a lot of work that needs to be
done."
	The black maid nodded quietly and turned to leave.
	"Oh and make sure he is properly chained," Annabelle added.  
	"Yes mam," the black maid said with a bow as she left.

	It was not long afterwards that the housemaid was bringing in a tall black
slave apparently fresh from the fields.  His dark black skin glistened with
sweat and bits of dust and hay clung to his muscular chest.
	"He will do," Annabelle said with a wave of her hand.  "Oh, but first
chain him to the bed there.  I'll let him go when I need him."
	"Yes mam," the maid bowed as she took the slave and cuffed one wrist to a
bed post and then the other to a different post.  The black slave stood
silently, arms stretch out as the maid nodded and left.
 	"Do not disturb us Emma," Annabelle called through the door.  "I will
call you when I'm finished."
	Annabelle looked over her tall black slave with appreciation then quietly
crossed the room and locked the door.
	"You're afraid aren't you?" Annabelle asked as she stood behind the slave
where he could not see her.
	"Yes mam," the slave admitted.
	"You will call me mistress!" Annabelle snapped.  "Now, you're afraid
aren't you?"
	"Yes mistress," the slave correctly said.
	"Good," Annabelle said.  "Now let's take off your pants shall we?"
	"Mam?" the slave questioned.
	"I said call me mistress!" Annabelle ordered as she slapped her hand on
the black slaves back as hard as she could.
	"Ouch!" The slave complained.  "Sorry mistress."
	"Better," Annabelle said as she stood behind the black slave and slowly
pulled down his loose fitting pants until they fell to the floor.
	"Oh yes," Annabelle said as she admired the black slaves tight bare ass. 
The slaves often did not wear underwear since they were not given clean
pairs often.  "Very nice."
	Annabelle put her pale white hands on the slaves dark black ass and rubbed
his muscular sweaty cheeks.  "Very nice indeed."
	"Mistress?" the slave asked quizzically.
	"Shut up," Annabelle said as she walked around the side of the bed and
stood in front of him now.  Annabelle stared at the black slaves long limp
dick and smiled.
	"Oh they ARE much bigger," Annabelle said as she licked her lips.  "How
big does it get when it's hard?"
	"Mistress???" the slave asked in shock.
	"How big does it get when it's hard?" Annabelle asked annoyed.
	"I don't know," the slave pleaded.  
	"Well let me see," Annabelle demanded.  "Get it hard."
	"I can't," the slave protested.
	"You can't?" Annabelle asked.  "Well do you realize that you get to fuck
me?"
	The slave's face contorted in confusion.
	"That's right," Annabelle said as she started taking off her evening gown.
 "I've heard the roumors about how you slaves have nice big cocks."
	Annabelle's gown fell to the floor leaving her standing completely naked
except for a pair of knee high white stockings.  Her large round breasts
heaved with her breathing.
	"Oh now you're getting hard," Annabelle laughed as she watched the slaves
thick prick fill with blood and swell.  "Ya, show me what you have to give
me."
	"This is highly unusual," the slave said nervously.
	Annabelle's hand slid between her legs and began rubbing her aching blonde
pussy as she watched the black slave's cock engorge itself to a full 10
inches.
	"OH YES!" Annabelle exclaimed as she rubbed her pussy harder.  "It's so
big!"
	"Thank you mistress, but…" the slave began.
	"Shhh," Annabelle urged him as she climbed up on the bed on her hands and
knees and crawled hungrily toward the black hard cock before her.  "You
don't want the master to catch us do you?"
	"No mistress," the slave whispered as he watched Annabelle take his hard
black cock in hand and slide it into her mouth.
	"Ohhh," the slave moaned as he lunged forward, arching his back. 
Annabelle enjoyed the feel of the strong black slaves cock sliding down her
throat and she quickly bobbed her head up and down it's length as she
sucked it.
	"Oh mistress," the slave moaned as Annabelles hands slid around the slaves
back and grabbed his tight sweaty ass.
	Annabelle rubbed her massive breasts with her hand as she held on to her
black slave and sucked his cock expertly.
	The slave bucked and squirmed as his mistress sucked him until finally she
stopped.
	"I could do this all day but we have to get this big cock where it
belongs," Annabelle said as she turned around on the bed and put her ass
facing the black slave.
	Annabelle parted her blonde pussy with her fingers as she wiggled back
into her young black slave.  Carefully Annabelle used her free hand to grab
the big black cock between her legs and guide it between her aching lips.
	With a little wiggle and scoot Annabelle pushed herself back onto the big
black cock behind her, driving it up inside her all the way.
	"OH YES!" Annabelle cried out loud.
	









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....