                        DarkNites:  Mating Flight =========================

        She staggered into the damp cave, clutching her abdomen.  Fighting
the urge had taken everything out of her.  She had had to leave her
garrison before things had gotten out of control.  Worse, her mate was on
patrol of the Eastern Shore and probably out of her range..

        "Asgarth kira mayar sagatron, atreya mayar nu.", she intoned.

        A fire and a sleeping pallet materialized, casting eerie shadows on
the mossy walls.  She crumpled on the furs, tucking her long slender legs
under her, shivering even though it was bright and sunny outside.  Her
copper hair streamed down around her delicate face as she leaned forward to
get close to the fire.  She couldn't hold out forever...

        A fierce, shrieking scream echoed off the cliffs outside her cave.
She lifted her head immediately, her aspect changing subtly as she
recognized the tone.  Her eyes glowed and burst into flaming red as she
rose to her feet gracefully, her shivers disappearing into strength and
intent.  She walked out of the cave into the bright sunlight and stopped at
the ledge at the edge of the cliff.  Then she leapt off.

        The wind screamed past her ears as huge wings opened and caught the
currents.  She glided and then picked up speed, hurtling towards the
mountains opposite her, screaming a challenge of her own.  He came into
view then.  A magnificent red, in the prime of life.  The lust she had been
fighting slipped out of her control.

        He swept past her, masculine power and grace, his neck coyly
arched. He tilted at an angle, showing off his wing span, and then executed
a series of rolls.  Then he shot up towards her, wind whistling as he came
in so close that his belly rubbed seductively against the smooth scales on
her back. She growled in approval.  For a youngster, he was doing
unbelievably well...

        He executed a series of spins and dives flawlessly.  She drifted on
the winds admiring his sleek form and strength.  Then the urge hit again
and there was no more time to think.  She rolled in mid air to expose her
soft copper underbelly, inviting him to come get her..

        Anticipation mounted as she watched the red jackknife around and
dive towards her.  Then out of nowhere, a green streak of fury slammed into
him, knocking him off-course.  She uttered a welcoming cry.  Her mate had
heard her call and had arrived in time to battle for the privilege...

        The two dragons above her grappled, clawing and snarling as they
fought for supremacy.  She flew around them to a vantage point atop the
cliffs to give them room, knowing that they would need it.

        The green was older and clearly more experienced but the red had
youth and sheer strength on his side.  They parted and came back together
in a flurry of wings, teeth and claws.  The red had landed a particularly
effective slash across the other's face when the green calmly chomped down
on his challenger's wing.  The two dragons started dropping away, still
locked together like a pair of lovers.

        The red managed to break away and immediately came back into the
attack, his wing bleeding but still usable.  The green dodged nimbly out
the way, almost playing cat and mouse with his injured rival.  In an
unexpected move, the red executed a loop and came in right under the other,
drawing his talons viciously across his opponent's belly.  Deep streaks of
red blossomed across the shimmering flesh but the damage was tolerable.
The green screamed in pain and fury and slammed his own body into his
rival, sending them both hurtling towards a cliff.  The red's jaws clamped
into the green's exposed neck, but before he could cut the jugular, they
slammed into the mountain...

        The collision knocked the youngster partially into unconsciousness
and that was enough to end the fight.  The victor snapped his rival's wing
tip with a triumphant cry.  Then he was circling up into the sky, wings
spread to the max to catch the sun's rays.

        She watched with pride from atop her rocky perch.  Her mate's
coloring had intensified into a deep, glowing emerald and he was proudly
showing himself off as he went into the courtship ritual.  Spectacular
aerial acrobatics, subtle signals, the display of speed and form..
Everything was designed to entice the female into mating.  And she was more
than ready.

        With a proud shriek, she spread her wings and launched herself off
her rocky pinnacle.  With an answering cry, he shot up to meet her.  They
met midway, coming together in a tangle of wings and limbs before spiraling
down in a way that was completely different and yet very much the same to
the battle beforehand..

        She arched her spiny neck to nibble fondly at her mate's neck as
the earth spun up at them at a frightening rate.  In an almost nonchalant
move, they came apart and pulled up in a graceful arc barely 50 feet off
the ground. The green raced after her, his greater wing-span easily
covering the distance between them.  They twined around each other in an
aerial ballet, even as the wind rushed by them.  His penis had fully
engorged, its thick red length prodding into her belly.  This time when the
urge hit, she didn't fight.  She thrust herself down on her mate's organ
with a triumphant scream.  They locked together, wings beating strongly.

        His forelegs tightened around her body as he thrust deeply into
her. The warm, wet tunnel shifted and squeezed around him even as the
motions of flight automatically provided the thrusting and rocking that
brought them closer to the finish line.  As their excitement built, they
grew rougher, clawing and biting as they shot over the arid landscape.
When the tension grew unbearable, the female slowly brought in her wings.
Without her help in keeping airborne, the tangled pair started losing
altitude.  Adrenalin started pumping through his veins as the ground
started rushing up at them again.  Muscles strained, wings creaked as the
speed and danger gave them an unbelievable high.  He felt his cock pulse
and throb as blood surged through it in waves.  And then without warning,
she thrust herself hard down onto his shaft and sank her teeth deep into
his thick shoulder muscles.. He spilt himself in her with an ecstatic cry.

        She unfurled her wings right before they hit the ground, extending
them to the max.  They slowed with a jerk and then drifted down to make a
relatively safe landing...

                ------------------------------------------

        The cave was warmer because of the still-burning magical fire.
They were moving in the general direction of the pallet, but not making
very much progress because they were still caught up in their hellos.
Nerys had her arms wrapped tightly around Barron's neck and he was busy
reacquainting himself with her lips.  His hands ran possessively down her
sides, streamed through her shimmering copper hair, coming back to hold her
head still as he explored her mouth.  Nerys had already felt the next wave
of desire coming so she locked her hands around his waist and practically
dragged him the remaining distance to the fire.  He didn't put up much of a
fight when she pulled him down over her, swiftly undoing his robe with the
ease of long practice.

        He was breathing hard when their lips parted, his eyes glowing red
as he looked down at her.  Her cheeks were flushed, her gleaming hair
spread around her face as she drank in the sight of her partially nude
mate.  With one fluid move, he dragged her shift over her head to leave her
bare in front of the fire.  Her hands found the edges of his robe, pushed
it off his shoulders and tossed it into a corner.

        Barron pulled back to drink his fill of her.  The flickering
firelight cast reddish highlights in the masses of her copper hair and
lovingly detailed the curves of her bronze body.  Her eyes glowed right
back at him as she looked him over greedily.  The whipcord strength under
the faint green of his skin, the graceful sweep of his black hair as it
fell to his shoulders. Her pounding heart swelled with pride as her gaze
felt on the slashes he'd taken in the battle for her.  Her hands reached
for his shoulders, scratching her nails lightly over his skin.  With a soft
growl, he caught her wrists and pinned them over her head.  And then he was
on her..

        His teeth found the sensitive skin of her neck and nipped sharply.
She gasped and shivered as the soft rasp of his tongue swept down her neck
to her bare shoulder.  Barron traced the faint line of her collarbone,
occasionally nipping at a particularly exquisite piece of skin.  He went
lower, brushing his cheek against the tempting mound of her breast.  She
whimpered slightly then, that particular part of her body had become
unbelievably sensitive due to the mating urge.  Her nipples felt like they
were on fire and then suddenly there was a blessed cooling as his mouth
found them.  Then his tongue flicked across the swollen tips and the fire
came flooding back.  She arched up towards him with a muted cry, trying to
get as much of her into his mouth as possible.  He obliged her, squeezing
and molding her flesh as he sucked on one hot nipple.  Heat radiated from
their bodies as their internal furnaces blazed higher.  Then out of
nowhere, the urge hit again..

        With an inarticulate cry, Nerys pushed herself off the pallet,
taking him with her.  Barron's hand lost their grip on her wrists, as he
found himself lying on the damp floor of the cave with her on him.  She
rose up into a sitting position slowly.  He caught his breath as he saw her
eyes, quietly smoldering with lust.  There would no more time..

        She rose to her knees, offering him an intensely arousing view of
her damp groin.  He instinctively reached for her, slipping into the damp
tunnel that contracted softly around his fingers.  A hungry groan rippled
from her throat, she needed so much more...  Her hand wrapped around his
throbbing shaft and stroked deliberately up and down its length.  Barron
gasped with pleasure and removed his fingers from within her.  She lowered
herself slowly, guiding the head of his cock to her damp vagina.  Barron
arched back slightly as they made contact, his hands coming up to brace
themselves on her hips.  She had tilted back her head, her eyes squeezed
shut, concentrating on the sheer pleasure of being penetrated.  Her hips
took on a life of their own as they rolled and thrust around him.

        "Elie meta sirrin, merahati farrah tyro", he gasped.  It was
unbelievably hard to remember the words of the spell when every fibre of
his being was drowning in the delicate pleasure of the mating.. "Atreya
rabbin meta karrina, Barron es Nerys.."  she replied, her hips rising and
falling with every word.  The magic of the spell started moving.  The
urgency built as did the pleasure.  She was groaning uncontrollably now,
building up speed as she thrust herself forcefully down on his glistening
shaft.

        Barron's mind was reeling as he watched her move over him.  The
spell practically finished itself as the words poured from his lips.  The
magic spread, filling them as a shimmering wave of electricity.  Nerys was
crying out now, her pleasure intensified by completely unnatural means.
She went into a frenzy, finding her clitoris with her fingers and rolling
it around in circles.  The magic centered in her groin as a huge pressure.
Oh God, she couldn't take it anymore!  She screamed.  A fierce, challenging
scream. A split second later, she froze as the spasms racked her whole
body. Endlessly...  Barron, Barron!

        Barron couldn't hear her.  He couldn't think of anything but the
need to come.  He held her hips steady as he thrust powerfully up into her.
Once, twice..  And with a triumphant cry, his power surged through his
shaft with unbearable force.  And fused with hers.  Nerys arched back as
heat exploded from her body.  Conceived in magic and power, a new dragon
life...
