

Area: [UseNet] Alt.Sex.Stories                  

Date : Aug 07 '94, 02:37                                                       
From : WILLIAM325@DELPHI.COM                                  60:100/0.0
To   : All                                 
Subj : Matthew Fan Cha Phaw (boy/boy)                                        
컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴


Message sender : wil#m325@news.delphi.com


The following story is a work of fiction from the archives of FAN CHA
PHAW, and consists of minor boys engaging in sex with each other. If this
type of material offends you, exit now, and do not read any further. 
 
This story may be distributed freely as long as this header remains
intact, and FAN CHA PHAW is credited. 
 
 
STORY NOTE: Fan Cha Phaw does not condone or advocate the behavior of the
actors within this or other stories. This work is fiction, and is not
based at all on actual occurrences. Fan Cha Phaw does not advocate the
violating of any laws. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MATTHEW
 
CHAPTER I
 
 
 
Matthew Jeffreys was an average eleven-year-old boy, inquisitive, daring,
and rough and tumble. He was a handsome boy, not beautiful, just handsome.
His long shaggy brown hair accented his rather round face. His eyes were
deep brown, he had a small upturned nose, and small sensual lips. Matthew
was a boy who loved adventure, and who was always on the look out for new
games, new fun, and new friends. 
 
Matthew discovered sex round about the time he was seven. One day while
out playing in a field, he spotted two boys around nine or ten heading off
towards a group of trees. 
 
Being the junior spy that he was, he quietly and discretely followed the
boys, wondering what they were up to. Matthew crept up as close to the
boys as he could. His eyes grew large as he watched them unzip their pants
and pull erections out of the opening. 
 
Without speaking the boys reached for each other's hard-ons, and began
stroking them up and down. After a few minutes of playing with each
other's hard-ons, one of the boys said, "You first." to the other. 
 
The boy who had spoken unbuckled his belt, and then opened and lowered his
pants. He pulled his pants down to his ankles, and stood there before the
other boy, his hard-on arched up towards the sky. 
 
The second boy got down onto his knees, reached up and pulled the other
boy's erection downward, and put it into his mouth. Matthew watched as the
boy sucked the penis of his friend. 
 
Matthew had never dreamed that something like that was possible.  He had
recently found that when he rubbed his penis it got hard, and it felt
good, however, he had yet to experience sex. 
 
Matthew watched as the boy being blown stiffened and then pushed his penis
deeper into the other boy's mouth. The boy let out a gasp, and reached
around, holding the boy's head firmly to his crotch. 
 
When the boy released the penis from his mouth, he wiped the spittle from
his lips with the back of his hand, and said, "Now you gotta do me. I did
you good." He looked questioningly at the other boy, who finally nodded
his head in agreement. 
 
The second boy smiled, and stood up to take his pants down. When he had
his pants down to his ankles, Matthew noticed that his penis was much
smaller than the other boy's had been. He also noticed that the boy had a
lot more skin on his penis than either the other boy or he did. 
 
The second boy having been sucked to orgasm, the two arranged their
clothing and headed out of the trees. Matthew decided to stay for a while.
He found a secluded spot, laid down on the grass, and pulled his pants
down to his knees, releasing his own hard-on which was in need of
attention. 
 
Matthew masturbated himself furiously, vivid pictures of the two boys
sucking each other's penises still fresh in his mind. Within a matter of a
minute, Matthew gasped, and arched his buttocks up from the ground,
spraying himself with his invisible boy juices. 
 
Matthew laid on the ground for about ten minutes afterwards, softly
massaging his penis and testicles, thinking about what he had seen.  He
knew that he wanted to try what the other boys had been doing.  He wanted
to put his penis into another boy's mouth, and he wanted to know what a
penis tasted like. Young Matthew Jeffreys decided that he had to find a
boy with whom he could play these games. 
 
Matthew played around the field for most of the day, hoping that some
other boy would wander by, but he soon became disappointed, no one was
around. He resigned himself to the fact that he wasn't going to find out
what sucking penises was like that day. 
 
All through dinner that evening Matthew thought about the two boys in the
trees. He watched his siblings as they ate, wondering if they knew that
such a thing existed. 
 
Larry, who was four, was certainly too young to know anything about those
kinds of things. Matthew wondered if Larry would be interested in trying
it, but quickly dismissed the idea. 
 
Matthew had seen Larry naked a million times. They still took baths
together, and when their mom left them to their own devices in the tub,
they would soap themselves up and then play wrestle. The two boys would
rub their soap covered bodies together, which would produce instant
erections, however, these games were not sexual in nature. 
 
Now that Matthew knew about sex, however, he could not wait until he had a
chance to bathe with Larry again. This time when their penises grew hard,
Matthew would suggest that they play with each other's. If his little
brother was interested in that, perhaps he could convince him to try
sucking as well. 
 
Matthew let his gaze wander over to his older brother, eleven-year- old
Jason. Jason, by far, was the cutest of the clan. Matthew use to like to
go into Jason's bedroom right at the time that he knew his brother was
dressing or undressing to catch a glimpse of his naked body. Jason had a
huge penis, or so he thought, and he thought about whether or not Jason
would be interested in playing that game with him. 
 
Matthew all of a sudden remembered some incidents involving Jason and a
few of his friends. One time when his parents were out, Matthew had come
in from playing, and not finding anyone home, he headed upstairs to his
bedroom. 
 
Passing Jason's room, he heard giggling and grunting. Since the door was
slightly cracked, Jason moved up close to it to see what was going on. His
vision was just adjusting when he pushed a little too hard on the door,
and it flew open. 
 
Jason and his friend Jimmy were jumping up off the bed. Both of them were
naked, and their penises were sticking straight out from their bodies. 
 
Jason yelled at Matthew and told him to get out. Matthew stood wide
mouthed, and asked Jason what they were doing. He remember that his
brother said that they were getting ready for a shower, and that he should
not barge into his room. 
 
Now that Matthew knew about what boys did together, he was certain that
Jason and Jimmy had been playing sex games. Perhaps, Matthew thought,
Jason also played sex games with the boys that slept over with him. 
 
Matthew decided that he might just approach Jason, telling him what he had
seen, and see what happens. Perhaps if he told his older brother that he
liked what he had seen, and that he wanted to try it, Jason would do it
with him. Matthew decided that he would wait for the right moment. 
 
The only one left to consider was Debbie, but she was a girl! Debbie had
just turned nine, and she had recently been in trouble for having been
found naked in the basement with two neighbor boys. Matthew decided that
she had probably played with the boy's penises, and perhaps even sucked
them. Although she was a girl, Matthew decided that he would try to get
her to talk about the boys in the basement. 
 
That night Matthew laid awake thinking of all of the possibilities for
boys with whom he could play sex games. He mentally reviewed each of his
friends, his classmates, and then the neighbor kids. He wasnUt sure that
he could convince any of them to do it with him, not even his best friend
Mark. 
 
Mark was rather shy, and had only undressed in front of Matthew on two
occasions. Each of those times, however, Mark had held his hand over his
genitals so that Matthew only got a small glimpse of him. The thought that
Mark would suck his penis, or allow him to suck his, was unlikely. 
 
Matthew became so horney that he found that he had to masturbate three or
four times, something which he had never done before.  When he reached his
last climax, he released his sore penis, and looked down at it trying to
figure out if he had torn all of the skin off from it. 
 
In the bed beside him slept Larry. Matthew had thought about going over to
his brotherUs bed and playing with his penis while he slept, however, he
cringed at the thought of the little boy waking up.  Matthew tried to
decide if he could get away with tasting Larry without him waking up.
Drifting off to sleep, Matthew decided not to chance it. He would approach
Larry in due time. 
 
The next day Matthew went to the bathroom and took a bath without having
been hounded by his parents. While he was in the tub his mother came up
and looked at him questioningly. When she asked him why he was taking a
bath in the morning, unasked, Matthew told her that he just felt like it. 
 
Later as Matthew was coming down the stairs for breakfast, he heard his
mom telling his dad about his morning bath. He heard his dad say, "Well,
my little boy is growing up and he is beginning to take care of himself."
Dad smiled kindly at him as he sat down at the table to join in breakfast. 
 
The reason why Matthew had taken his morning bath was so that he would be
clean just in case he had a chance to play sexually with a boy that day.
Matthew decided that he would go off to the fields after he ate, and wait
for some likely boys to come along. 
 
Matthew played around in the field for about an hour, without having any
luck in locating a boy he knew. A few older boys wandered by, and a few
stopped to talk for a few minutes, but Matthew was too afraid of them to
approach them. 
 
Just when he was about ready to give up, he noticed Dennis, a six-
year-old neighbor boy. Dennis was coming into the field to play.  Matthew
knew Dennis, however, the little boy was more Larry's friend than he was
his. 
 
Matthew had seen Dennis naked a few times when he slept over at his house
with Larry, and he had even played the soapy wresting game once with him
in the tub. Dennis had a rather large penis for such a small boy. His
erection was almost as long as Matthew's. 
 
Matthew decided that he was going to try to approach Dennis with playing
penis sucking games. He called out and waved to the boy.  Dennis spotted
him, waved, and started running over to him. 
 
"What ya doing?" asked the cute little boy, dragging one of his sneakers
along the grass as he talked. The boy was shirtless, wearing only his
sneakers and a pair of flimsy cloth short pants.  Matthew could tell that
Dennis was not wearing any under pants.  The outline of the little boy's
penis was clearly showing. 
 
"Not much. Looking for someone to play with." Matthew replied, not trying
to sound too eager or desperate. 
 
"I'll play with you. What ya wanna play?" chirped the little boy,
seemingly happy to have the attention of the older boy. 
 
"How about fort?" Matthew suggested.
 
"O.K."
 
The two boys ran off towards the trees, where every boy knew was the
location of the best forts. Matthew decided that he wanted to go further
into the trees, away from the usual spots in which the neighborhood boys
played. He did not want any other boys to wander by and ruin his plans. 
 
Dennis seemed a little nervous to go further into the trees, as this
territory was uncharted by most younger boys, however, he felt comfortable
with Matthew and agreed. Matthew did not feel too comfortable with
venturing so far into the mini forest himself, but he rationalized that
there was nothing there which could harm them. 
 
After walking further into the trees than he had even been, Matthew chose
a spot and told Dennis that it would be their fort. The boy looked around
and smiled. He liked the location of the fort, plus the fact that he was
in a forbidden place with his friend. 
 
The two boys sat discussing the "rules" of their fort game when Matthew
had an idea. He thought it out a bit before suggesting it to the little
boy. His approach was everything. If he blew it, chances were that Dennis
would not be willing to play along with other games. 
 
Starting slowly, Matthew brought his plan into effect. "Hey, why don't we
play that our fort is on a desert island, and that we are cannibals. We
can get naked and run around like wild Indians, and we each have our own
fort. I will attack your fort and capture you, and bring you to my fort. I
will clean you up and then I will eat you in my fort." Matthew held his
breath as he finished his spiel. He was hoping that Dennis would buy it. 
 
"You are not going to really eat me, are you?" the little boy asked, a
sound of fear in his voice. 
 
"No, not really. Just make believe. It will be fun and you will like it. 
After you can capture and eat me too." 
 
Matthew's heart jumped for joy as he watched the little boy kick off his
sneakers. Dennis stood up and pulled his short pants down to his ankles.
Turning around and bending over, exposing his anus to Matthew's gaze, he
pulled the shorts off from his feet. 
 
"Hey, you gotta get naked too!" Dennis complained, bringing Matthew back
from his day dream. 
 
"Yeah, OK, here I go." Matthew stood up and quickly shed his clothing. He
noticed, with interest, that Dennis watched his every move as he
undressed. He also noticed that the boy spent a long period of time
looking at his genitals. 
 
The two boys separated to their respective forts. Each tree limb was only
about ten feet from the other, and so neither felt afraid. After a few
minutes, Matthew announced that he was going to attack. 
 
The next few minutes were filled with boy shrieks and laughter as Matthew
first raided and then captured his small friend. Picking the boy up into
his arms, Matthew carried him back towards his fort. 
 
Matthew shuttered when he picked the boy up into his arms. He cradled him,
which gave him a clear view of the boy's genitals.  Matthew's penis grew
harder with each step he took towards his fort. His time had finally come.
He was going to experience sucking penis. 
 
Dennis was a willing captive. He allowed Matthew to lead him into his
fort, and obeyed when the older boy told him to lie down on the ground
over in the grass. 
 
Matthew walked around the boy a few times, grunting and saying how good he
looked, and how tasty he would be. If the little boy had only known the
truth of the matter. Matthew was not lying. He was looking forward to
"eating" his young captive. 
 
Matthew got down on his knees next to Dennis and told him that he was
going to clean him up now so that he could eat him. He told the little boy
that he had to do everything that he wanted to do to him, and that he
would not hurt him. He told the boy that when his turn came, he would do
anything that the little boy wanted him to. 
 
Dennis nodded his head in agreement, a sober look on his face.  Matthew
began to "wash" the boy, using his hands as a washcloth.  He started on
his face, not wanting to move to quickly. Slowly he worked his way down
the boy's front, washing under his arms, his chest, and then his stomach. 
 
Finally Matthew had reached the part which he was seeking. If the little
boy did not stop him during his next move, he was home free.  Matthew
reached down and began washing the top of the boyUs groin around the
pubes, slowly letting his hands wander down along the sides of Dennis's
genitals. 
 

When he reached the boy's thighs, we began moving upward again, and
eventually brought his hand over the boy's testicles. Dennis tensed up for
a second, but then relaxed. Matthew ran his fingers and hands over the
boy's scrotum, kneading the pea-size testicles in the sac. 
 
Dennis did not protest. When Matthew moved his hand up to the boy's penis,
he found it already on its way to erection. Matthew caressed and kneaded
it between his fingers, until it stood firmly erect. Matthew wrapped his
fingers around the boy's penis, and started rubbing it up and down like he
did to his own body. 
 
Dennis gasped slightly under him, and began moving his hips in time with
the older boy's masturbation. Matthew was on cloud nine.  He was sure that
he had won the boy. If Dennis was allowing him to masturbate him, he would
let him suck his penis for sure. 
 
He was almost certain that when it was the little boy's turn to capture
him, he would repeat many of the same things back to him, wanting to seem
grown up as well. 
 
 
END CHAPTER 1
 
--------------------------------------------------
 
This story was presented by FAN CHA PHAW, publisher of "Private Dreams,"
"Young, Hung & Promiscuous," and anti- circumcision and sexual freedom and
liberation literature. Fan Cha Phaw can be reached at Delphi c/o
william325@delphi.com and AOL fanchaphaw@aol.com. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


--- WtrGate 0.10.0801 beta
 * Origin: This UseNet News was Gated for PPNet * (040) 445086 (60:100/0)
