     I was out of town at a job interview for a general
practitioner at a good size hospital.  I have been practicing
for 7 years in a very small hospital in rural Nebraska.  This
was my chance to get into a steady practice with much better
pay.  I didn't go through all that schooling to make a mere
$60,000 in a one Doctor clinic.  Actually I was satisfied it
was my wife Darla who pushed me into looking else where.

     The interview went very well and I believe I'll be
offered the job.  I went back to my hotel room to call home
and let Darla know how it went.  No answer... Now where did
she go?  Feeling like celebrating I went to the Hotel
restaurant and ordered a huge porterhouse steak and some red
wine.  The dinner was fine but celebrating isn't much fun
alone.  I heard music coming from the hotel lounge and
decided to check it out.

     Before I get to far allow me to introduce myself.  My
name is Dr. Maurice ________ .   I can't let you know my last
name for privacy sake.  I am 35 years old, weigh 170 and
stand 6'3".  I have light blonde hair with a neatly cut beard
and have never had trouble getting a woman's attention.  My
problem has always been keeping it.  You see I am very very
shy and get very nervous when a strange woman looks at me.
Darla and I have been married for 18 years (High School
Sweethearts) and I have never even Kissed another woman.  Now
folks I don't have to tell you that this is extreme shyness.
We have no kids as I have been sterile my whole life.  Darla
who was our Prom Queen in High School has grown into a very
large woman.  When you are as shy as me you don't even
consider looking elsewhere.

     Inside the lounge the band had just started and the only
place for one to sit was at the bar.  I ordered a drink and
felt very out of place being all alone.  I was just about to
finish my drink and back to my room when this very lovely
lady came up to the bar next to me to order her self a drink.
She was approximately 5'2" with beautiful long dark hair.
She was mature as I spotted just a hint of grey.  She ordered
herself a vodka gimlet.  I found myself with my eyes glued to
her.  She had to notice me staring but ignored me.  She took
her drink and walked away.  She was wearing a very flattering
long silver metallic dress with a white jacket.  I couldn't
keep my eyes off her.  Her lips were glistening wet and her
fragrance is memorable to this day.  I thought to myself how
lucky some guy was to be with her tonight.

     Feeling guilty about lusting over this gorgeous woman I
knew I better get back to my room to call Darla.  I called
her from my room and still there was no answer.  I decided
I'd better leave a message on the answering machine.  Being
shy I hate those things and use them only when necessary.  I
left my message and gave the code to listen to the other
messages.  I was astonished to hear a message to Darla from
my brother Wayne.  Wayne had left a message for them to meet
at the local motel.  I had no idea Darla and Wayne had been
meeting regularly, or that my younger brother even knew how
to talk like that.  He referred to longing for her lips to
suck his cock and feel the sensation of her swallowing his
cum.  I was in shock.  In all my years with Darla we did
nothing but kiss (closed mouthed) and had normal sex at the
most once a month.  I felt my whole world had crumbled.  In a
state of panic I knew I had to numb this feeling of betrayal
with a drink.  So I went back to the lounge.

     The place was much more crowded now than before.  I
walked around the bar to where I was before and saw my old
seat was still vacant.  I sat down and ordered a stiff black
russian to settle my nerves.  While waiting for my drink the
alluring female that I had seen before walked right up next
to me and accused me of stealing her seat.  "I'm very sorry,
By all means sit down, I'm just waiting for my drink".  It
didn't come out quite like that as my voice was quivering and
soft.  She smiled and said "That's OK I'd like to stand
anyway".  She then squeezed herself between my seat and the
bar.  That gorgeous hair was pressed up against me.  All I
could think of is how I could keep her from noticing my ever
growing erection.  "I'll have a vodka gimlet with that" she
told the bartender as he brought me my drink.  She very
seductively tilted her head back and said "It's the least you
could do for stealing my seat".  I again offered her seat
back.  "I'd rather you buy my drink, you don't want to
embarrass yourself by standing up", she replied as her right
hand went behind her and rested on my still growing erection.

     I know I turned 10 shades of red and was totally
speechless.  I gave the bartender a 20 dollar bill and was to
flustered to speak.  "Keep the change", I heard from this
beautiful woman pressed up against me.   She was short but
not small, her breasts were larger than average and those
lips ..... All in all it was the way she held herself and her
sex appeal that left me speechless.

     "So what's your name?"  she asked still with her back to
me as she leaned back.  "Maurice, Dr. Maurice _______ " I
replied.   "Are you married Dr.?" she asked.  Stumbling for
words I told her my story and why I was here having a very
stiff drink.  The whole time her hand resting in my crotch.
She told me I shouldn't take it so seriously as that long of
time with one person makes the eyes wander.  "It's not that
she doesn't love you it's the need for variety" she said.

     She proceeded to tell me that she was here tonight with
her Husband who insisted that she try to seduce another man
in the bar while he watched from afar.  "You see he loves me
very much and I love him but we both need adventure in our
sex lives".   The way she said it made sense at the time or
maybe it was my cock standing at full attention that made it
seem logical.  All of a sudden I noticed that I was relaxed
and not nervous just very very aroused.  "I'm supposed to tell
you I'm here with my brother in law,  at least that's our
plan to explain him".   "So do you want to dance Dr.?".
Without a reply she took my hand and led me to the dance
floor.  The song Tequila Sunrise.  I took her hand but she
placed my hand on her ass as she wrapped her arms around my
neck.  I was stunned and very much under her control.  She
pulled my head down and whispered in my ear something about
how this should get to hubby.  Before I could respond our
lips were locked and her tongue was swirling in mouth.  Her
lips tasted of strawberry and I couldn't get enough.  Before
I knew it I had cum in my pants.  No this is not possible I
thought.  How embarrassing.  The song ended and she led me off
the dance floor with her arm around my waist.

     I didn't even know her name and this lovely vision had
made me forget all about my wife.  I could think of nothing
but those strawberry lips and the way her ass felt through
her metallic dress.  I know everyone in the bar was staring
as there is no male alive that could tear their eyes off of
her tonight.  I can only describe the look as seductive
sophistication.  No one would ever think of her as anything
but a lady but she had just raped my heart in a public place.

     Before I knew it we were standing in front of her
husband and I was being introduced.  "This is Dr. Maurice",
she said to her hubby winking at him.  She had one arm around
my waist and her left fingers had slipped down the front of
my pants.  Now this was really too much.  Now she had to know
that I had cum as her fingers were just touching the top of
my cock.  I was mesmerized and about ready to faint but her
hand stayed right there.

     "Dr. Maurice is new in town and might be moving here,
Why don't we go for a ride and show him the town".  I could
tell her husband was starting to get jealous.  She winked at
him and reminded him of the rules.

     The three of us went out to the car.  I found out her
name was Cindy when her hubby asked where we should go.  She
hopped in the back seat and pulled me in.  "Lets go to Park
Point she said".   Her hubby started the car and started
driving.  My lips met Cindy's and I was in heaven again.  I
couldn't get enough of those luscious tasty lips.  I couldn't
stop her I was lost in lust.  She unzipped my pants and
pulled out my already soaked cock.  She led my hand between
her legs.

     She dropped down and started kissing my cock.  This
might be normal for some but is something I hadn't
experienced until now.  She had my cock in her mouth as I sit
there paralyzed to stupefied to think about her hubby
watching in the rear view mirror.  My God this was heaven.
She slurped it in her mouth licking very slowly while teasing
my balls with her hands.  She knew just when to slow down to
keep me from cumming.  I hadn't even noticed that she had
pulled off her panties.  She pushed them down around my
balls.  She sat up and noticed the car had stopped and was
parked.  Her hubby asked us how long are we going to be.  He
thought that I understood that he was only a brother in law.
Cindy pulled out her lip gloss and slowly and seductively
applied it to her lips.  "When I'm done", she answered him.

     He complained to no avail has we were again liplocked
into seventh heaven.  Where did she learn how to kiss like
that.  I couldn't get enough.  I lost all control and ended
up shooting a huge load into her panties.

     It was then that I discovered that she not only had
control of me but him as well.  She took the soaked panties
and pushed them into her husbands mouth.  "Have something to
chew on while you wait" she said to him.

     We continued to caress and kiss in the back seat while
hubby was totally speechless.  In no time I was hard as a
rock.  She laid down pulled up her dress and ordered me to
make love to her.

     I couldn't believe the sensation.  We were both rocking
and fucking uncontrollably for what seemed like an eternity.
No words were said just uncontrollable lust.  Our juices were
soaking the back seat as we fucked and fucked.  I wanted
nothing more than to bring this pretty lady to the climax of
her life.  I spurted load after load but she wanted more and
more.  My clothes were ripped her dress was soaked with cum
as I drove it in and out for what seemed like hours.

     I was spent totally exhausted.  Nothing but a whimpering
little baby.  There was nothing left of me.  But Cindy wanted
more.  She sucked my cock with aggression.  She kissed me
again as her tongue probed my mouth.  I enjoyed it even more
but my cock was blue with nothing more to give.  I sat there
motionless totally spent but still very much submitted to
Cindy.  I was in love and would do anything .... ANYTHING for
her.  She hopped over the front seat with her dressed still
soaked from my cum.

     She leaned against the passenger door spread her legs to
her hubby and said, "Eat my cunt now!".  This wasn't the
seductive voice that controlled me it was more like master to
dog.  Astonishingly her husband bent over and started licking
her.  She laid there very quietly with intense but soft moans
as he brought her to a shaking climax within minutes.

     This was a strange and bizarre night that I'll never
forget.  Somehow everything made sense when Cindy said to her
husband, "I told you, you're the only one that can make me
cum and that's why I married you".   It was like the sky
opening up.  I realized that these two were very much in love
and always will be.  He will do anything for her and she had
to go through this night to prove to him that she will do
anything for him.  Now that kind of devotion is what is
missing from my marriage.

     In the end I can't wait to get back to Darla and show
her the lust that has been brought out in me.  Wayne doesn't
have a chance against the New and Improved Dr. Maurice!!!


