Archive-name: 3plus/maureen.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: First Time in LA


I would like to share with you the first sexual experience I had
following my move to Los Angeles after graduation from Wellesley College
in Massachusetts.  The (relatively) few men I'd slept with until this
time had all been steady boyfriends with whom I'd grown increasingly
closer and sex seemed like a natural extension of our feelings for each
other.  This was QUITE different - pure(?) unbridled LUST!

The coast-to-coast move was prompted by a job offer from an advertising
agency in LA.  While the job sounded great and I was looking forward to
entering the real, adult world I was still somewhat nervous as I had
never really been away from the New England area before and had always
considered myself fairly shy.

My first week went really well.  I found a nice little apartment 10
minutes away from the office and wore myself out filling in the holes
in my furnishings.  Thus, when a male co-worker invited me to a party
at his place on Saturday, I uncharacteristically jumped at the chance
to go.

This co-worker, Doug, and I hadn't exchanged more than a couple of
polite hellos during the week, although I had certainly taken notice of
this fine example of west-coast manhood - he was a little over 6 feet
tall and very athletically built.

At the appointed time, I pulled up to Doug's place and joined a line of
guests filing in.  Doug greeted me warmly and escorted me to the
well-stocked bar conveniently located in the corner of what appeared to
be his living room.  He explained that he had been working on a new
Margarita recipe and would like me to test it out.  I told him it
sounded good to me and let him fix me one.  After sampling the drink
and giving him some positive feedback, we started talking about the
reasons for my move and some of the things I hoped to accomplish with
my new life.  We talked for at least an hour, giving me time to request
and finish another one of his delicious drinks.  Doug then excused
himself to play host to his other guests and I wandered around the
apartment admiring the excellent taste with which it was decorated and
even joining in a couple of group conversations.  I was having a really
nice time!

A couple of hours and five Margaritas later, I found myself talking to
my handsome host again.  I was genuinely surprised at how good I felt
when I was with him.  He asked me how I was enjoying myself and I told
him what I'd been doing since we parted company earlier.  His boyish,
almost embarrassed smile when I told him what a beautiful job he'd done
with the decoration just about melted my heart.  I was beginning to
feel very warm and flushed and couldn't blame it all on the drinks.  This
was more like the enchanted feeling you get when you're with a new lover
early in a relationship.  Doug explained that while he had done a lot of
the work himself, he also had a roommate who should share the credit. He
told me that Chris, his roommate, was almost painfully shy and since he
didn't already know any of the invited guests, had gone off to read in
some secluded corner of the house.  He then asked me if I'd like the
ten-cent tour.  I eagerly accepted but told him it would have to wait
for a 'nature call' - the alcohol was working its diuretic magic on
my kidneys.  He laughed and pointed me in the right direction, saying
he'd meet me back at the bar.

To this day, I'm still not sure why I did it but after relieving
myself, I removed my panty hose and stuffed them in my bag.  While the
combination of the drinks and my unusually warm feelings for Doug
definitely had an affect on my inhibitions, this was even more out of
character than my accepting the party invitation.  No matter, though,
because it proved to be an incredibly correct decision.

Doug proudly showed me the upstairs bedrooms, complete with sky-lights
and hot tubs then took me down to see the partially unfinished basement
that housed a guest bathroom, guest bedroom and den.  He stopped off at
the bathroom to answer his own call from nature and I continued on to
check out the guest room.  The door was open, so I just walked in,
receiving the shock of my young life.  There on the bed, feet facing
me, was a naked young man slowly stroking an enormous erection, with
his face buried in a Penthouse magazine.  I watched for what seem an
eternity growing warmer and weaker-kneed by the minute.  The reason for
my presence and even Doug himself had no meaning for me.  I was
consumed with desire for the beautiful cock before me.  It was the
largest I had ever seen.  The large flared head was about two inches
across at its base and the shaft was at least 8 inches long and as
smooth as marble except for the prominent vein running down the
underside.

When I eased onto the bed, the man (I guessed it was Chris) dropped the
Penthouse with a shocked look and his hand froze in mid-stroke.  My
eager smile must have reassured him for he made no move to stop me as I
moved up to kneel beside him and replaced his hand with mine.  His cock
felt as good as it looked and I could barely get my hand around it.
His balls hung low, resting on the bed and looked large and full of
cum.  As I examined his huge cock with my eyes and left hand, I moved
my right in to cup and knead his sack.  I had never been so turned on
in my entire life.  Nothing mattered except priming his balls until
they were so hot his cum would boil over and shoot out of the cannon I
so urgently stroked.  I leaned over and forced my tongue into the
beautiful piss hole staring me in the face and then slowly stuffed as
much of his cock into my mouth as I could.  One of my previous
boyfriends had been hung pretty well (about 7 inches) and I had been
almost able to deep-throat him but Chris's cock was so thick that I
couldn't get more than 3 or 4 inches into my mouth.  I slowly let it
slip out then licked my way down the large vein that ran from the
spongy head to the soft sack of balls my right hand was rhythmically
squeezing.  Reversing my direction, I continued this sequence,
occasionally pausing to lick and suck on the head while pumping his
shaft with my left hand.  I wasn't even aware of Doug when he got on
the bed behind me until he lifted my skirt uncovering my (fortunately)
bare ass and pussy.  I automatically spread my knees apart giving Doug
easy access to my dripping slit.  He kissed me wetly on each ass cheek,
nibbling lightly then slid his hand through my legs and stroked me
gently from my lower belly to the sensitive area between my cunt and
ass hole.  I somehow continued working on Chris while Doug worked me
over good alternating the stroking motion with deep finger probes -
sometimes one, sometimes two - into my boiling hot pussy.  As good as
this felt, I wanted more and wasn't disappointed.  Doug finally stopped
stroking and moved up behind me.  For a while he just rubbed the head
of what felt to be a another thick prick against my burning clit.
Finally, I couldn't stand it any longer and when his penis was sliding
past my sopping wet hole, I jammed myself back at him impaling myself
on a cock that had to be at least the equal of the one I was servicing
with my mouth and hands.  Doug grunted his approval at my action and
slowly pushed forward until I could feel his pubic hairs on my puckered
bung hole.  I doubt if I can adequately describe just how good I felt
at that moment - completely stuffed with cock and close to exploding.
Doug worked me with long, slow strokes that alternately brought the
very tip of his prick to my outer lips and then his crinkly pubes up
tight on my ass.  After I adjusted to his size and rhythm, I was able
to return to what I'd started with Chris - licking, sucking, and
stroking for all I was worth.  Soon I felt the head of Chris's cock
begin to swell in my mouth and his balls shifted upward.  He could feel
it too and sucked in a deep breath and arched his back forcing his cock
another couple of inches into my packed mouth.  I was torn between
wanting him to explode in me and wanting to watch him shoot his the wad
we'd both worked so hard to produce.  As a compromise, I sucked him
until the first hot spurt hit the back of my throat then pulled off and
pumped rapidly, continuing to work his balls with my other hand.  His
load was immense!  It must have taken at least 15 squirts to drain his
monster cock, not counting the the first and largest that I took in my
mouth and was still savoring.  With each squirt, his cock jumped in my
hand and shrank a little until finally, it grew soft and drooped over
my thumb.  Watching and feeling Chris's explosion coupled (no pun
intended) with the steady pounding Doug was giving my pussy was enough
to bring me to the edge.  I swallowed the mouthful of cum I'd been
enjoying, stuffed all of Chris's flaccid penis into my mouth and jammed
myself back at Doug as hard as I could, triggering the most intense
orgasm I had ever felt.  Even now, many years, lovers and orgasms
later, it still ranks right up there and its memory continues to serve
as a one of my favorite masturbatory fantasies!  Doug never slowed down
for a minute and his deep thrusts wrung shudder after shudder of
mini-climaxes from my drained body.  Completely wasted, I flopped down
on top of Chris, bringing Doug and his huge prick with me.  He
quickened his pace for a few minutes then pulled that magnificent cock
out of me.  My disappointment at his withdrawal was soon replaced with
wonder as he flipped me onto my back next to Chris and I caught sight
of the horse-cock that had brought me such pleasure.  While it was
indeed roughly the same size as Chris's, it looked very different.  the
head was smaller than the shaft which was covered by a veritable
network of bulging, pulsing veins.  He pulled my skirt down over my
ankles and, anticipating his desire, I worked my way out of my blouse
and bra.  Doug then moved up over me and slid his throbbing pole
between my soft white tits.  I pushed them up at the sides, using my
left hand to form a top for the love tunnel he was now fucking.  At
each forward stroke, his prick head pushed up toward my face, leaving a
few droplets of moisture on my chin.  It was a combination of my juices
and Doug's lubricating pre-cum.  By shifting slightly, I was able to
arrange it so that I could catch the moist tip in my mouth.  Never
having tasted pussy juice before, I was surprised at how good it was.
I was hoping to repeat my experience with Chris's load and get to both
taste and watch Doug cum and he didn't disappoint me.  After a couple
of minutes of good tit fucking, I felt the balls that had been rolling
around on my ribs pull up into his sack and saw the head of his cock
swell up and turn a deep purple.  Knowing he was close, I forced myself
up on his next forward stroke and took about half his cock into my
hungry mouth.  Doug grabbed my head with both hands and let go of his
steaming load.  Once I tasted his delicious cream, I pushed my head
backward and pulled his dick out and up with both hands.  He continued
spurting as I pumped him up and down, showering my face and neck with
hot thick cum.  When his squirting finally subsided, he rolled off
leaving me sandwiched between these two incredible men.

We all basked in afterglow for a while without speaking, my hands
squeezing their now soft cocks, a head on each tit and two hands
cupping my still tingling pussy.  Doug finally completed the formal
introductions and we all showered, dressed and rejoined the party -
even Chris!

This was the start of five great years in LA and I hope to be able to
share some of the adventures I had then and later with you all soon.

--
