			    MAVIS       
  
	 The girl's name was Mavis. She was about nineteen years  
old, of average height with long, dark hair. She had small  
breasts and a very attractive rear end. On this particular day  
she had decided to take a walk in the forest behind her parents  
house in order to relax. She was enjoying the smells and the  
peace of the forest when she noticed a most unusual looking  
plant.        
  
	The plant was about two feet high, with an extremely strange
looking bud on the top, which was reddish and velvety in  
appearance, and put out a very pleasant odor. As Mavis bent down
to look at the bud more closely, it suddenly opened and she was 
bathed in a mist of gas and fine particles thrown out by the  
alien plant. She swayed, feeling quite dizzy, and soon slumped to
the forest floor. She slept for several hours and when she awoke
there were still some traces of the dizziness, but that soon  
passed away. She stood up then turned towards the plant as if  
receiving some non-verbal communication. She stood there for a  
few minutes glassy-eyed and expressionless, then finally she  
began to move away from the plant and return to her home.       

	  
	Her parents were often away from home, so Mavis was usually
left on her own. She stood in her room looking at the full-length
mirror on the door. She took off her blouse, then removed her  
skirt. As she did so she noticed that her bra had somehow come  
unclasped, but it was lucky it had done so, for her breasts had 
grown so much that they would now make a Playboy model envious. 
She removed her panties and admired her body. Even her ass was  
now larger and more attractive than before. She ran her hands  
down her body, over her breasts, across her very-sensitive  
nipples, and then down and through her pubic hair. As she did  
this physically, she found herself mentally in a state of  
confusion, with memories of her past life quickly vanishing,  
being replaced by a sense of domination to the will of the plant,
and an ever-increasing sexual urgency.   
  
     With the domination by the plant came some knowledge of the
plant's purpose. It was the product of an intelligence from  
another planet, and was only one of many such plants that had  
been placed in parks and forests where earth-women would walk.  

The plants were somehow to aid an alien take-over of the planet 
earth. Just how, though, no longer concerned her, as her own  
control and will vanished, replaced by the desire to obey the  
plant, to do whatever that plant and others of its kind  
instructed her. She also now knew of her abilities, tremendous  
sexual powers, the full innate sexual abilities of the human race
increased even further by the gases and particles from the plant.

The combination of the two biologies resulted in a human female 
with one overriding thought--that of having sexual relations with
as many males and females as possible. That this sexual rampage 
would somehow results in more women being brought under the  
control of the aliens did not bother Mavis, nor the fact that the
human males, and some of the females, would eventually die from 
the effects of the plant upon the women's bodies. The purpose was
simple--eliminate the human males and many of the females, and  
reduce the rest of the females to sexual slaves. There would be 
no war, no overt violence, just a planet where people die from  
their sexual pleasures, their bodies to be consumed by the spores
of the plants, spores that were even now increasing in number in
the air.        
  
	An overriding need for sex was filling her mind, and she  
needed someone to use her, feel her, fill her, and try to satisfy
her demands. She called her boyfriend, inviting him over, saying
she had finally decided to give in to him and give him what he  
wanted. She put on a low-cut blouse and the tightest pair of  
shorts she had and walked down to her living room to await her  
boyfriend. Within minutes her boyfriend had arrived. Once he  
entered the living room it became quickly obvious what he had on
his mind, and for once she was more than willing to comply.  
Scarcely had he shut the front door before Mavis had slipped off
her blouse and undid her bra, letting her enormous breasts tumble
out, now swollen with a form of alien milk produced by the  
altered chemistry of her body. Mark's eyes were drawn immediately
to the incredible display unfolding in front of him, as his  
normally prim and proper girlfriend slipped out of her shorts  
then, glancing at the growing bulge in his pants, literally tore
her panties off, flinging them across the room. She walked to  
where Mark stood nearly in a state of shock. Mavis began to kiss
him, letting her hands rove over his body, undoing the buttons of
his shirt, loosening his belt, and slipping one hand within his 
shorts.  
  
     Mark was soon beyond any control and dove at her breasts,  
first running his hands around the huge mounds of flesh, then  
kissing her hardened nipples, soon sucking on them, going from  
one erect nipple to the other. He tasted a sweet fluid, which was
matched by the sweet and slightly strange odors coming from her 
body, odors which caused him to feel his sexual urges even  
stronger than ever before. He swiftly undid the rest of his  
clothes while Mavis stood before him, a commanding figure, fully
in charge of the situation. She began running her hands over her
own body, cupping one breast and pointing it at Mark, using her 
other hand to probe within her body, exciting her even more. No 
sooner had he dropped his shorts then she went down on him,  
giving him a sensual pleasure he had never known before. She ran
her tongue along his rod, kissing, lapping, then moving her  
tongue up the length of his chest, to end up kissing his neck and
mouth. She used one hand to play with his cock, and the other to
gently urge him to lie on his back on the soft rug of her home. 

Mark worried for a moment about what would happen if Mavis'  
parents returned early, but those worries vanished as he watched
as Mavis took hold of his cock and gently, slowly lowered herself
onto it. He watched as his cock entered her pussy and a groan of
pleasure escaped from his lips. She was now on top of him, her  
huge breasts swinging form side to side above his face. Mavis  
slipped her nipple into Mark's open mouth, pressing her breast  
down on him, forcing him to drink more deeply of the milk she had
now produced. Mark's arms circled Mavis' body. Shifting his  
weight and hers so that now she was on her back, smiling, legs  
spread, Mark gazed the length of her body, from her impish  
expression past her swollen tits, to her mound of pubic hair,  
finally down the length of her smooth legs. He plunged into her,
feeling the sweet moist warmth of her chamber of love.  He  
pressed his chest firmly against her breasts while his lips  
sought hers.  Soon their bodies were joined as one as her open  
mouth met his exploring tongue with an intensity equal to his  
own.  Their pace quickened, and Mark felt the growing demand of 
his body to release itself. His head was swimming and Mavis felt
the same intensity and her hips began to rise, meeting his every
thrust with a demanding movement of her own.        
  
	Yet there was something else, an urge, a demand from the  
mists of the flower that led her to wrap her arms around Mark  
tightly, kissing him as fiercely as she could while his body  
jerked and drove again and again into her. She could even feel  
his awareness that this act was unlike any other as he began to 
struggle to get away, desperately trying to fight the demands of
his own body, yet she held him even stronger, demanding his full
concentration on her moist lips and the pounding of their bodies
in his furious, and last, climax.         For it was, indeed, the
climax of Mark's life as Mavis, through the use of her body, her
odors, and the milk that she produced now from her tits that had
drawn out the final ergs of energy possessed in his body. Now he
lay, a victim of maddened sexual desires, naked and spent. For  
Mavis, it had meant the final loss of any vestiges of her own  
free will as she slowly arose, donning only her shorts, sandals,
and blouse. She felt another rising of desire, another demand, a
demand that her girlfriend Sally could possibly satisfy. Mavis  
had borrowed some clothes from Sally, and she placed those in a 
bag, holding them in front of her to hide the increase in the  
size of her breasts.        
  
	Soon Mavis arrived at Sally's home. Luck again was with her,
as Sally's parents were currently engaged in a wife-swapping  
arrangement with some friends of theirs several blocks away, and
it would be a long while before they returned. Sally had learned
the facts of life early, and she had none of the former  
prudishness of Mavis, but even she was shocked when, after  
leading Mavis into her bedroom to show her the latest photos of 
her rock idol, Mavis stripped off her clothes and stared deep  
into Sally's eyes. Sally looked at Mavis, stunned by the physical
change in her body, but more stunned by the eyes staring at her.
Quickly Mavis brought her hands up to her breasts, cupping them,
offering them to Sally, making her eyes focus themselves upon the
huge milk-filled mounds of girl-flesh. Mavis slowly massaged her
breasts, moving closer towards Sally who, like the mythical bird
hypnotized by the snake, could not draw her eyes away from the  
sight that greeted them. Mavis was soon next to Sally, drawing  
her mouth to hers, kissing her, more and more fiercely, cupping 
her hands around Sally's head, then urging it downward to  
milk-filled tits, to her nipples, and to another loss of control
and will.   
  
     Sally sucked, losing control, and wrapped her arms around  
Mavis' waist, forcing her breast as deep into her sucking mouth 
as possible. Sally soon stripped off her own clothes and fell  
upon her bed naked with Mavis, kissing, sucking, rubbing,  
bringing all the pleasures that two females could give each other
to their bodies. Sally had bought a vibrator, and soon was  
driving it alternately into her body and Mavis' Soon she dropped
that and satisfied herself by rubbing her body hard against  
Mavis' and, like Mark, finding her head drawn down to kiss the  
hungry lips of her girlfriend.  Like Mark, her body found release
in an explosion of energy, pounding against Mavis, making the bed
rock and groan in response to the animal hungers awakened on its
covers. Sweat poured from both their bodies as primitive animal 
sounds came from their lips, Mavis wrapping her legs around  
Sally's thighs, forcing her even harder against her body. Yet,  
unlike Mark, Sally did not die. Instead, the alien milk only  
caused her to drift off to sleep, a sleep from which she awoke  
changed. She also now had huge breasts, a fuller body, her mind 
gone, replaced by a dominating desire for sexual release.       

  
	And so it was that Mavis and Sally went off together in  
search of other eager, waiting bodies, changing more females into
flower-controlled girls, and ending the lives of male lovers.  
Before long it was evident that some of the women themselves  
would find their final release in the act of sex, but most of the
women, for the moment, at least, found themselves awaking with  
bodies demanding more and more sex.        
	  
	Mavis and Sally took time first to stop off at Mavis' house.
Sally went to the den, where Mavis' father was, while Mavis went
upstairs to her mother's bedroom. There she saw her mother  
putting away clothes in a drawer. Mavis moved up quickly behind 
her, then tapped her on her shoulder. Mavis' mother turned around
and Mavis grabbed her and kissed her, hard, straight on her  
mouth. Her mother was so surprised she just stood there, giving 
Mavis time to yank her own blouse off and stuff a nipple into her
mother's mouth. She grabbed her mother's head and drew it  
strongly against her tit, causing her mother to begin to suck  
involuntarily at first. Within moments, however, her mother was 
sucking eagerly. Mavis let her move away for a moment.  
  
	Her mother stood there, slightly dizzy, but with a smile on
her face. She looked at Mavis and began to remove her own  
clothing. Within a few minutes her mother was stark naked. She  
took Mavis' hand and led her to the bed. Her mother lay on her  
back, letting Mavis get on top of her, again sticking a nipple  
into her mother's mouth. Her mother began eagerly sucking right 
away, her hands wandering all over her daughter's body, playing 
with her tits and her ass.   
  
	Mavis finally moved so she could begin sucking her mother's
tits, having overheard her father tell a friend that her mother 
had particularly sensitive breasts. Soon she began to press cunt 
against her mother's, causing her mother's hips to begin moving 
upward, trying to force the two cunts together.  
  
	Within moments Mavis could feel her mother's body shaking in
wild sexual abandon. A few minutes later Mavis stood, watching  
her mother lie on the bed asleep, her legs spread, her already  
big tits starting to get larger.  
  
	Mavis walked downstairs and met Sally, who had already  
completed her seduction of Mavis' father. The girls decided then
to leave the house and find what other sexual action they could.

	It was a scene repeated time and time again, as more of the
alien flowers seduced women and girls, bringing them under the  
total control of their own carnal desires. Males had no chance, 
as neither did other females against the seductive power of the 
controlled girls. The pace at which the sexual explosion occurred
was astounding and within a matter of days it was possible for  
Mavis and Sally to attend a party of at least twenty girls and  
their boyfriends, a party arranged to have a mass seduction which
would, eventually, be performed by other girls in front of alien
eyes, but performed as pets, as pure animals rather than free  
humans.        
  
	This party, though, was strictly for pleasure, as the girls
found the seductions easy. Body after body went into uncontrolled
orgasm, and all forms of sexual acts were performed and vastly  
enjoyed. After the male half of the party had made their final  
kiss of moist lips, and had fired their final volley of fluids  
into the hot tunnels of their large-breasted partners, only to  
give up the last ergs of energy demanded, the girls turned upon 
their seduction helpers, and a female orgy ensued. Girls began  
trying to hypnotize other girls with their breasts, and those  
being hypnotized cupped their own milk-filled tits, trying to  
resist, sometimes succeeding, but often failing. The combined  
energies of their sexual urges, the odors caused by the influence
of the alien spores on their skin, both had driven the girls into
a sex-frenzy.        
  
	Mavis glanced over and saw Sally seducing a girl she did not
know. The girl's mouth went down on Sally's swollen tits,sucking,
drawing the alien milk out as fast as she could. Soon the girl's
hands began to caress Sally' thighs and to play with her pubic  
hair. Sally pressed her hand behind the girl's head, forcing the
girl down onto her breast even harder.        
	Mavis turned to try to find herself another victim when a  
remarkable black girl with breasts even larger than those of  
Mavis started to stare at her. Mavis had never seen a naked black
girl before and the shock of that, coupled with the frenzy of the
girl-screwing, prevented her from using the caution she should  
have. The hands of the black girl moved slowly up her body,  
cupping the enormous black expanse of tit-flesh, massaging,  
bringing an aching desire to Mavis' body. Fluids began to roll  
from Mavis as she found her eyes drawn to the approaching  
doom-filled black tits. She felt the gentle hands of the black  
girl cup around her head, drawing Mavis' mouth and face closer to
the hardened nipples. Mavis became dizzy, sexual demand driving 
her, forcing her to place her mouth upon the nipple, only to find
the girl forcing her face even more solidly upon the black tit. 
Mavis drank, and drank more. Soon her hands were beyond her  
control, crossing the ass of the black girl, feeling her,  
pressing her body harder against Mavis' own.        
  
	The black girl pushed Mavis away for a moment, and lowered 
her incredible body onto a bed, stretching out and spreading her
legs so Mavis could get a full view of the sexual power of the  
girl. A soft black hand reached up and gently touched Mavis's  
hand, drawing Mavis down to the girl. As she came closer a black
arm encircled Mavis's body, forcing her harder against the black
girl. Mavis looked across once at Sally, only to see her  
girlfriend had been most successful as her partner was pounding 
hard and ever harder against Sally's wildly bouncing body. Then,
a breath of air from the lips of the black girl drew Mavis'  
attention. Ruby-red lips, moist and demanding became all that  
Mavis could see. Sex drive forced her to begin pressing harder  
and harder against the black girl's hips, driving faster and  
stronger against her cunt. Soon Mavis' mouth met the girl's,  
kissing her softly, then harder. Mavis soon found her lips parted
and the tongue of the black girl darted inside her mouth, driving
Mavis further and further into sexual frenzy. Black hands were  
pressed against Mavis' ass, trying impossibly to force her white
body into the more developed and more demanding body of her  
seductress. Sally's partner, meanwhile, had stopped her humping,
to slip into a deep dream, only to awake later to greater sexual
desires.        
  
	Mavis' eyes glazed as she took a last look deep into the  
eyes of the black girl, only to quickly begin kissing her harder,
longer, and deeper. Mavis could feel her own breasts press hard 
against the massive black breasts of the girl, nipple to nipple.

The huge black tits seemed almost to try and surge out to  
surround Mavis's body, while shapely black legs wrapped around  
her white ass. Then the orgasmic driving ceased, and the limp  
body of Mavis slid from the sweaty body of the black girl, as  
Mavis had experienced her final glorious orgasm.          
  
	The girls left the party, to end up with more naked male and
female bodies, tit upon chest, tit upon tit, mouth upon mouth,  
finding change, or oblivion. Those few who remained were easily 
gathered by the alien fleet, to be taken as groups and sold to  
the highest bidders who would watch the few remaining human  
females bodies drive against each other in orgasmic fury, female
mouth upon female mouth, breast upon breast to sweet, final  
blackness.
