her and put his arms around her.  He bent down and tenderly
kissed her on the lips.  When their lips parted, Dan looked
around and then led May over to a soft grassy spot.

	They lay down and Dan immediately kissed her again.  She
responded by wrapping both arms around his neck.  Dan's hands
moved inside her gown to her titties as he kissed her.  She
grunted into his mouth as he began to palm and caress her tits. 
Then his lips traveled down her neck, across her front, to her
tits, opening her gown wide as he did.  May gasped again as his
lips closed on a big soft nipple, gently sucking it in between
his lips.

	May lay back and enjoyed her uncle's sucking of her tits. 
He moved back and forth, going from one to the other.  She felt
his hand move down over her stomach and slide between her legs,
gently palming her pussy through her gown.  He slid his hand down
her leg, then back up the inside of her leg, pulling her gown up. 
When he reached her pussy, she opened her legs, feeling his
finger dip down into her slit.

	Dan was amazed at how wet she was.  Her pussy was already
flowing with juice.  He slid his finger down over her clit,
massaging and rubbing the little button.  He heard her gasps of
pleasure as he stroked her clit, then slid his finger down to the
entrance to her pussy itself.  Gently, he inserted a finger tip,
then slowly slid his finger up into her hot wet tunnel.  He was
amazed at how tight she felt, even around his finger.  Boy, she
was really going to feel tight when he got his big dick in her!

	May lay back, feeling the finger sliding in and out of her
pussy.  She reached down and found his dick, huge and hard in his
pajamas.  She slipped her hand inside the opening and wrapped her
hand around the huge prick.  She couldn't believe how big it felt
in her hand.  She wondered for a moment if it would fit in her,
but she was determined that she was going to try it.  Slowly, she
slid her hand up and down along the length of the monster rod.

	Dan suddenly raised up and pulled his pajama pants off
completely, leaving him naked.  He then lay back down beside her,
kissing her again.  She wrapped her arms around his neck as he
raised up and moved over her.  She pulled her legs up and spread
them wide and she felt his huge prick slide down between her
legs.  She felt the end of it move into her slit, then begin to
slide up and down in her wet juices.  It felt so good!

	Dan could feel the heat from the mouth of her pussy
everytime his dick slid down between her legs.  He was just
sliding it up and down in her slit, enjoying the exquisite
sensation it produced on him and observing that it seemed to be
affecting her the same way.

	On one of the downward movements, the end of his dick dipped
into the mouth of her pussy.  He felt the hot wet heat from her
cunt on the end of his dick.  Pushing a little farther, he felt
the end move up just inside her cunt hole.  She gasped as he
pushed it a little farther in, getting the knob and about an inch
of shaft into her tight channel.  Withdrawing a little, her slid
forward again, sinking about half of the shaft into her tight
yielding tunnel.  Withdrawing and sliding forward, her gradually
fucked his way up into her tight little cunt until he had the
whole thing up inside her.  She had her arms wrapped tightly
around his neck, her breathing and gasps of pleasure telling him
that he was not hurting her.

	Dan began to fuck her, sliding his dick slowly in and out of
the tight hot hole of pleasure between her legs.  He raised up on
his elbows and used his hips to thrust and withdraw, thrust and
withdraw.  May was obviously enjoying everything he was giving
her.  Her face was flushed, her eyes shining, her breath coming
in ragged gasps timed with his thrusts which buried his tool deep
into her on every inward stroke.

	May couldn't believe how good it felt.  When Dan's dick had
started going in, she had felt her tight little pussy stretch
around the end of his dick.  She had thought for a minute that it
wasn't going to fit, then it had started sliding in deeper and
deeper, her pussy stretching to accomodate it.  It had felt
absolutely fantastic as it began to go deeper and deeper on every
stoke.  Now it was going all the way in and all the way out.  And
the huge dick was rubbing the underside of her sensitive little
clit on every stroke.  It was driving her wild.  It felt like it
was hitting her backbone every time it went all the way in!  She
felt stuffed and stretched, but it was wonderful!

	Dan began to pick up speed, fucking her harder and faster
now.  She was tossing her head back and forth, seeming to be
almost out of control with pleasure.  Suddenly, she pulled her
legs up, pressing her feet against his ass, urging him on.  He
began to really pound into her in earnest now, slamming his dick
in and out of the tight slick channel.  Suddenly, May Let out a
little shriek, and she was coming.  Dan was right with her, his
dick shooting powerful spurts of hot cum deep into her pussy.  He
couldn't believe how intense his orgasm was.  And she seemed to
be having one just as intense.  Her face was screwed into an
expression of pure physical pleasure, her eyes tightly closed. 
Finally, they lay still, his dick still buried up to the balls in
her.

	Dan raised up and looked at her.  She smiled at him.

	"Oh, Dan," she moaned.  When he pulled his dick out of her,
her pussy seemed to stand open, like it regretted being vacated. 
She moaned softly when she felt it slide out of her.

	When they got back to the van, they found the other
occupants still sleeping.  May crawled back into bed and Dan went
into the kitchen and put the coffee on.

	When Sarah woke up, she smelled coffee.  She raised up and
looked around.  Dan wasn't in bed.  She got up and went forward
in the van, finding her husband sitting in the kitchenette
waiting on the coffee.  She kissed him on the cheek and sat down
beside him.  She playfully reached down and slid her hand inside
the front of his pajamas.  She gasped.  His dick was coated with
dried cum!  She looked questioningly at him.  He grinned
sheepishly.  She stood up and crooked her finger at him.  He got
up and followed her outside.

	May had been awakened by her aunt passing the bed on the way
to the kitchen.  She watched through slitted eyes, and realized
that Sarah suspected something.  When her aunt got up and
motioned for Dan to follow her outside, May was afraid that Dan
was in trouble for screwing her.  When they closed the door
behind them, May slipped out of bed and moved to the door.  She
didn't hear anything, so she opened the door and went outside.

	When Sarah got outside, she went around the end of the van,
and Dan followed her.  She stopped and turned to face him.

	"Who?" she asked simply.

	Dan didn't know how she was going to take this.  He was
afraid she would get upset and hold it against May.  He
hesitated.

	Just around the corner of the van, May heard the simple
question.  She knew what her aunt was asking.  She peeked around
the van and saw that Dan was hesitating about answering.  On
sudden impulse, to protect her uncle, May stepped around the van
into her aunt's line of vision.

	"Please, Aunt Sarah," she pleaded.  "Don't be mad at him."

	Sarah saw the look on May's face.  She suddenly realized
that the youngster was trying to protect her uncle.  She smiled
at May.

	"Honey, I'm surprised you could take that big dick of his,"
she told her softly.  "Was it really good?"

	May suddenly realized that Sarah wasn't mad.  She seemed to
be excited by knowing that Dan had screwed her.

	"It was absolutely fantastic," May told her.

	"Well, you two are going to have to help me make it with
Jack," she told them.  Dan grinned.  May's mouth dropped open in
surprise.  Then she smiled broadly.

	The three of them stayed outside whispering for several
minutes, then they went back into the van and woke the other two
kids to help get breakfast.  The all ate breakfast in their night
clothes, then they got dressed, all just stripping down and
changing in front of everyone else.

	May couldn't believe what was about to happen.  She had
admitted to her aunt and uncle that Jack had screwed her, and
they had told her about seeing Jack and Sally outside the van
last night.  Now, Sarah was wanting her to help her get in Jack's
pants, a feat which May was sure would be easy to accomplish, and
Dan was wanting to screw his daughter.  May was also sure that
Sally would accomodate that wish for him.

	After breakfast, Sarah asked if anyone was interested in
taking a shower.  Everyone seemed to want one, so they all
gathered their clean clothes and headed for the bath house.  When
they got there, the guys went into their side of the house, and
the gals went into theirs.  The girls quickly stripped off their
clothes and went into the shower area.  They were soon lathering
themselves under the water.  Sarah quickly washed herself and
left the shower area, telling the girls to take their time. 
Still naked, she moved to the entrance to the bath house and
peeked outside.  She found herself looking directly at Dan,
peeking out of the men's side.  Giggling, she quickly moved
around the corner and past him, into the men's side.  Dan slipped
around the corner into the women's side.

	Sarah moved silently back toward the shower area, where she
could hear Jack humming to himself as he bathed.  She peeked in. 
He was standing with his back to her, lathering his chest with
soap.  She moved silently up behind him and slid her arms around
him.  He nearly jumped out of his skin.

	"Mom," he gasped.  Looking at her, he suddenly realized that
she was totally naked.

	"I though you might like some company," she told him.

	Jack stammered, not knowing what to say.  However, not all
of his anatomy was bashful, as his dick immediately rose to full
attention.  Sarah's hands slid down over his stomach to his
crotch.  She wrapped one hand around his hard dick and slid the
other down to cup his balls.  Jack gasped with pleasure as his
mother's hand began to slide up and down along the length of his
hard prick.

	In the other side of the bath house, Dan moved silently back
to the shower area.  He peeked inside.  May smiled at him, and
motioned him inside.  Sally had her back to him.  She suddenly
realized that someone else was coming into the shower and glanced
over her shoulder to see who it was.  She gasped loadly when she
saw her father coming in, totally naked and with the biggest
hardon she had ever seen in her life!  He moved directly ove to
her.

	"Hello, sweetheart," he smiled at her.

	"Daddy," she gasped.  She looked at May and saw a big smile
on her face.  Her father moved up against her backside and slid
his arms around her, cupping her full breasts in his big hands. 
She felt his hard dick pressing against her back.  May moved up
behind Dan and slid her hands down between him and his daughter,
stroking his dick.  Sally suddenly realized that May had known he
was coming.  She looked around for her mother.  Then she heard a
muffled gasp from the other side of the wall and realized that
her mother was over there with Jack.

	"Wow, I don't believe this," she giggled, as Dan's hand slid
down between her legs, a finger slipping into her juicy gash.

	"Do you object?" Dan asked.

	"What do you thing?" she smiled, turning to face him.  She
slid her hand down and took his dick in her hand, May sliding her
hands on down to cup his balls.

	On the other side, Sarah was kneeling in front of her son. 
She had a mouth full of teenage dick.  She was sucking greedily
as his dick slid in and out of her mouth.  She suddenly released
his prick and stood up.  She leaned back against the shower wall,
spreading her legs and pulling Jack up against her.  She slid her
hand down between them, guiding his dick between her legs.  Jack
groaned when he felt his dick slide between his mother's legs,
engulfed in her hot slit.  She pulled it up and he thrust, and
half of his dick suddenly slid up into her hot wet cunt.  She
wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled one leg up, wrapping
it around his waist.  Jack slid his hands down and took hold of
her ass, lifting her and pushing her back against the wall.  She
brought the other leg up around his waist when she felt his hands
grab her ass.  His dick slid in up to the balls.  Jack groaned.

	"Can you hold me up?" she asked him.

	"Sure," he grinned at her, beginning to fuck his dick in and
out of her pussy.

	"Ohh, Jack," she groaned.

	In the ladies side, Sally was on her back on the shower
floor.  Dan was on top of her, sliding his dick into position to
enter her.  She gasped when his dick started making it's way up
into her tight pussy.  She groaned as his next thrust buried it
up to the balls in her.

	"Am I hurting you, honey?" he asked her.

	"Oh no, Daddy," she cooed.  "It feels wonderful."  May knelt
beside them, bending down and looking up between their legs,
watching Dan's dick slide in and out of his daughter's pussy.

	Jack was banging furiously into his mother's pussy.  He was
standing in a strained position and fucking his own mother's
cunt.  He knew he wouldn't last long.  Sarah knew he was about to
come.  She was also almost there.  The fact that it was her own
son's dick ramming her pussy made it that much more exciting. 
Suddenly, she let out a little scream.  "Ohh, yes, Jack, I'm
coming."

	That did it.  Jack grunted and jammed his dick up to the
balls in Sarah's spasming cunt.  His dick erupted, shooting gobs
of spunk upwards into her womb.

	"Ohh, yes, Jack, I feel you coming in my pussy," Sarah
groaned.

	Finally, she lowered her legs to the floor and Jack released
her, letting his still halfhard dick slip out of her juicy pussy. 
She reached down and encircled it with her hand, sliding her hand
up and down it, watching it grow straight up again.  She smiled.

	"Come on, let's go see what is going on in the other side,"
she told him.  He looked at her in surprise.  She grinned. 
"Unless I miss my guess, your father is over there fucking your
sister's brains out."  Jack grinned broadly.

	When Jack and Sarah entered the girls shower, still naked
and with Jack's dick pointing at the ceiling again, they found
Dan still on top of Sally, banging away at her.  May on her
knees, looking up between their legs, watching the action.  She
looked over her shoulder and smiled at them.

	Jack dropped to his knees behind May.  He took his dick in
his hand and rubbed it between her legs.  He was about to put it
in her pussy when Sarah stopped him.

	"Wait, Jack, try this," she said, taking hold of his dick
and raising it to May's ass crack.

	"Oh, Sarah, won't that hurt?" May asked when she felt the
end of his dick pressing against her ass hole.

	"Not if he takes it easy," Sarah told her.  She used her
hand to rub Jack's dick around on May's ass hole.  Then, she
allowed him to push against it just a little.  She saw the brown
ring open a little, letting just the tip in.  Jack tried to push
harder, but Sarah restrained him.  He withdrew a little and
pushed forward a little bit more.  May grunted as the entire knob
entered her tight ass hole.

	Suddenly, Sally began to grunt and cry.  She was coming. 
Dan gasped and jammed his huge dick up to the balls in his
daughter's tight cunt, shooting spurt after spurt of hot jets
into her.

	Hearing the other couple coming, May and Jack suddenly lost
control.  May jammed backwards just as Jack shoved forward and
suddenly his dick was balls deep in her ass.  She screamed out in
pain.

	"Jack," Sarah grabbed him.  "Wait, give her time to get used
to it."

	"Just wait a minute, Jack," May snorted through her nose. 
Jack held perfectly still, with his dick all the way up his
cousin's butt hole.

	Dan raised up off of Sally, pulling his dick out of her. 
She gasped when it slipped out and ran her hand down between her
legs, feeling her wide open soggy pussy.  Dan and Sally got up so
they could watch Jack and May.

	Jack was beginning to move now, slowly sliding his dick in
and out of his cousin's tight ass hole.  He couldn't believe it. 
Her pussy had been tight, but this was unreal.

	May was bracing her hands against the floor, pushing back to
match Jack each time he thrust his dick up her stretched ass
hole.  It still felt like she was going to split, but at the same
time it felt wonderful.  She could feel it sliding in and out, in
and out, slowly reaming her behind.

	Watching his son's dick slide in and out of the young girl's
ass had gotten Dan all hard again.  His dick was sticking
straight out from his crotch.  May saw it sticking out, right in
front of her nose.  She leaned forward and licked it.  Dan
groaned and moved forward, allowing her to take the end into her
mouth.

	"Wow, look at that, she's taking on both of them," Sally
gasped to her mother.

	"She certainly is," Sarah agreed.  "But don't worry, we'll
get some more action from them."

	Jack was fucking May's ass with long steady strokes now.  He
could feel his balls tightening.  He knew he was getting close.

	Dan was watching the 13 year old girl's mouth slide up and
down on his dick as his son's thrusts into her ass hole moved her
body back and forth.  It was almost more that Dan could stand. 
He knew that he was about to fill her mouth.

	Suddenly, Jill began to quiver all over.  She had beaten
both of them.  She was coming!  And right at the height of her
climax, she felt Jack's dick beginning to spurt in her ass,
closely followed by Dan's dick spurting into her eager mouth.

	After everybody caught their breath, they all got under the
showers together and washed each other off.  Jack and Dan enjoyed
washing the three pussies and Dan washed May's battered ass.  The
girls took turns washing the guys dicks and balls.  Finally, they
all got dressed and headed back for the van.

	When they got inside, Jack immediately grabbed Sally,
wrestling her giggling down onto the sofa.  Sarah laughed at
them.

	"Cut it out, you two," she told them.  "Ruth will be getting
here soon.  It wouldn't do for her to see you doing that."

	"Ohh," May groaned.  "Mother is coming and we're going to
have to stop fucking."  Everybody laughed.

	"Maybe not," Dan said.  They all turned to look at him. 
"Maybe we can just get her to join in."

	"Oh, you don't know Mother," May said.

	"Maybe I know her better than you do," Sarah grinned at her. 
"She didn't hesitate to spread her legs when we used to double
date at the drivein."

	"Mother?" May asked, not believing what she was hearing
about her prudish mother.

	"And what were you doing while Ruth was getting screwed?"
Dan asked Sarah.

	"Well, usually Ruth was getting fucked in the backseat and I
was getting fucked in the front seat," Sarah told him, seeing his
dick beginning to bulge out his pants.  "Dan, if you could make
Ruth, maybe she would just join in and we could all spend the
rest of the vacation screwing our eyeballs out!"

	"Precisely what I had in mind," he told her.

	About that time, they heard a car coming up the road.  May
looked out the window and recognized her mother's car.

	When Ruth pulled up at the campsite, she was greeted by
everyone piling out of the big camper van to meet her.  They
helped her unload her things and take them inside.  When she
asked where she should put them, Sarah just said not to worry
about that right now.

	After they had talked a little while and May had assured her
mother that she was indeed having a wonderful time (Ruth didn't
know yet just how wonderful), Sarah suggested they all get their
bathing suits and go to the pool.

	Dan leaned back in the lounge chair beside the pool.  Sarah
was sitting on the side of the chair, her hand resting
nonchalantly on his thigh, just below his balls.  As she and
Ruth, who was sitting facing them, talked, Sarah idly let the
back of her hand occasionally brush against Dan's balls.  It had
the desired effect.  Dan's dick began to harden and stiffen in
his bathing suit.  It didn't get totally hard, but it was bulging
enough to be noticable.  And, Dan saw, Ruth didn't miss it.  She
was trying not to be obvious, but she was looking!

	They went back to the van for lunch, and then back to the
pool again.  Bunny was there, but her parents weren't.  Bunny
told Jack and May and Sally that her mom and dad were "taking a
nap" in the van.

	After a while, Dan saw all four kids get out of the pool and
head up the road.  That really almost gave him a hardon, knowing
what they were probably going to do.

	In the big conversion van, Ray rolled over and looked out
the window when he heard the kids go by.  His ears perked up when
he heard Sally say something about butt fucking.  He looked down
at his wife, sprawled naked and asleep.  He smiled, remembering
how big a climax she had had, telling him about Dan fucking her
while he plowed her pussy.  He wondered what those kids were up
to.  Knowing Bunny, he would be willing to bet they were going
somewhere to screw.  He wondered where they would go.  Quietly,
he slipped off of the bed and pulled on his pants.  A few moments
later, he slipped out the door.

	Slipping into the bath house, Ray listened and heard muffled
voices coming through the back wall.  They must be behind the
building, he thought.  When Ray got around to the back of the
bath house, he saw four naked kids.  Bunny was on her hands and
knees, with Jack on his knees behind her.  The other two girls
were watching as Jack worked his dick up into Bunny's ass.  No
one had noticed him yet.  Sally had her back to him, and May was
on the other side of the two fucking kids.  She glanced up and
saw him as he approached them quietly.  He held his finger to his
lips.  She smiled when she saw that he had his pants unzipped and
his dick was jutting out through the opening.  He unfastened his
pants and quietly took them off.  He moved up behind Sally, who
still wasn't aware of his presence.  She became aware of it very
quickly when he slid his dick up between her legs, though.  She
gasped and looked back over her shoulder.  Ray just smiled at
her, sliding his dick back and forth in her juicy pussy slit. 
Then he took his dick in his hand and guided it to the mouth of
her cunt.  She grunted when he smoothly slid it home in her.

	A short time later, Sarah saw the three kids coming back in
through the pool gate.  She wondered to herself how Jack could
keep up this pace.

	The kids slid back into the cool water, to wash the sweat
off and cool off.  Sally slipped her fingers inside the crotch of
her bathing suit and washed Ray's cum out of her pussy.  May saw
what she was doing and smiled at her.  May was the only one who
hadn't gotten fucked.  Jack had shot his load in Bunny's ass,
then then he had turned her over and fucked her pussy while her
father was fucking his sister.  This had really turned May on,
but she had consoled herself with the memory of getting butt
fucked in the shower that morning while she sucked Dan's dick.

	The group returned to the van for supper, and then they all
congregated in front of the TV for a while.  When Sarah suggested
that they all turn in early, Ruth was surprised when she didn't
hear a single objection from the kids.  Dan and Jack excused
themselves and went to the bath house for a shower.  The girls
had showered when they changed out of their suits so they

