declined to accompany the guys.

	Sarah told Ruth that the kids had been just bunking out on
the sofa bed and that the bed in the back was big enough for her
to share it with her and Dan.  Ruth had raised her eyebrows at
that, but had said OK.

	When the guys got back, they found the girls already in bed. 
The curtain into the back bedroom was pulled, so Jack simply
shucked his pants, slipped his pajama pants on and slid into bed
between the two girls.  Dan slipped his pants off and put on a
pair of pajama pants.  The kids lay quietly and watched Dan open
the curtain into the back bedroom.  The two women were stretched
out on the bed in the moonlight coming in through the window. 
They both appeared to be asleep.  Dan left the curtain open and
eased himself onto the bed between Ruth and Sarah.  the kids saw
Sarah raise her head and give Dan a quick kiss, then lie quietly. 
Ruth appeared to be asleep.

	Ruth had gone to sleep almost as soon as she lay down.  She
didn't know when Dan got into bed, so she had no idea what time
it was when she was awakened by a hand sliding over her from
behind and cupping her breast.   She lay very still, realizing
that the hand had to belong to Dan.  She thought at first that he
was reaching out in his sleep and thought he had hold of Sarah's
tit.  She just lay there, feeling the hand gently squeezing her
breast, and enjoying it.  It had been a long time since a man had
felt her tits.  Suddenly, she realized that Dan knew exactly what
he was doing, because she felt his body ease up against her from
behind.  She felt his hard dick up against her back!  She didn't
quite know what to do.  She really didn't want him to quit, but
she was afraid her sister would wake up.  She felt the hand on
her tit slide down over her stomach to her crotch.  It probed at
her pussy, but since her legs were together, it couldn't get to
her.  The hand then went on down and began to pull her gown up! 
She lay very still.  The hand had her gown up to her waist, now. 
Then, she felt a bare dick up against her ass!  Dan had opened
his pajamas.  She felt the dick move down and probe between her
legs.  In spite of herself, she parted her legs a little and let
the dick slip between her legs, nestling right up against her
pussy.  She felt a hand on her leg, lifting it, then the dick was
probing her slit.  She couldn't believe this!  Dan's prick felt
huge, sliding back and forth in her slit.  Then, she felt him put
the end against her hole and press forward.  It was going in! 
Inch by inch, the big thing was moving up into her rapidly
creaming pussy!  If Sarah woke up now, she and Dan were  both in
deep trouble!  Dan began to move his dick back and forth in her,
slowly sliding it in and out of her pussy.

	In the other room, all three kids were watching the
proceedings in the bedroom.  They all knew that Sarah was not
asleep, but just pretending to be.  They could see right up
between Ruth's legs, and they were watching Dan's big dick slide
slowly in and out of Ruth's pussy.  May was delighted to be
seeing her mother getting fucked!  She felt something against her
back, then realized that Jack was about to do the same thing to
her that Dan was doing to her mother.  She smiled and parted her
legs, grunting quietly when his dick slid home in her hot pussy.

	Dan was beginning to move more vigorously now.  Ruth was
really afraid he was going to wake Sarah up.  She glanced over
her shoulder and was surprised to see Sarah's arm wrapped around
Dan's neck.  Sarah was kissing him on the ear while he was
fucking her!  Sarah raised up quietly and smiled at Ruth.  She
reached across Dan's body and grasped Ruth's hip, pulling her
back tight against Dan, letting her sister know that she was in
favor of what was going on.  Dan began to screw her even more
vigorously, now.  Ruth quit worrying about what was going on and
just lay there and enjoyed it.  Suddenly, Dan rolled her over on
top of him.  She found herself lying on her back on top of him,
her legs spread wide as he fucked upwards into her pussy.  Then
her eyes focused on the scene in the other room.  Her daughter
was lying on her side with Jack's dick sliding in and out of her
pussy, and Sally was up on her elbows watching Ruth getting
screwed by her father.  Ruth groaned.  She just spread her legs
farther and tried to push her pelvis down to get more of Dan's
dick in her.  Sensing her movement, Dan rolled her back onto her
side and pulled his dick out of her.  Then he rolled her onto her
back and crawled on top of her.  She spread her legs wide as he
lowered himself on top of her and buried his dick in her cunt. 
She suddenly realized that this was going to be the most unusual
vacation she had ever been on.
