					MAY

	May lay very still.  She knew she was seeing something which
she wasn't supposed to see.  A dim light was on in the other end
of the darkened Winnebago.  She could see her Aunt and Uncle
lying side by side on the double bed.  Sarah, her mother's
sister, and Dan, her husband, were kissing.  They were lying on
top of the cover, with their feet towards where May lay in the
sofa bed with her two cousins, Jack and Sally.  May could see
that the two adults were dressed for bed, and they were just
lying there together with their arms around each other kissing.

	May couldn't believe that she was here.  She hadn't seen her
cousins in several years, but two weeks ago, her Aunt Sarah had
called her mother and asked if May would like to go on vacation
with them.  Her mother had agreed and they had stopped in the
middle of the night to pick her up at her house.  They were going
to drive during the night so that they would be at the camping
park before morning.  Her mother was supposed to drive down in a
few days to join them.  Her two cousins, 15 year old Jack and 14
year old Sally, had been sacked out on the sofa bed in the middle
of the travel vehicle when she got on board.  They had waked up
and the three of them had talked and giggled for a while before
going to sleep.  They had just fallen asleep in their clothes
there on the sofa bed together.  May was on the right side of the
bed, towards the back of the vehicle, Sally was in the middle,
and Jack was snoring on the other side of Sally.

	May had half-waked when she felt the big Winnebago bumping
over rough terrain.  Shortly after this she had been vaguely
aware of her aunt and uncle moving past where they slept to the
back of the trailer, and realized that they must have reached
their destination.  She had just about dozed back off when she
heard her aunt giggle.  She had peeked to see what was going on
and discovered that they were smooching.  Her aunt had on a short
gown and her uncle had on pajamas.  Now as she watched, she saw
Dan sliding his hands all over Sarah's big tits, and then she saw
him pull the strap of her gown down and take hold of her bare
tit.  As she watched, she saw him lower his head to her breast. 
With his head in the way, she couldn't be too sure, but she had
the impression that he was kissing her tits.  Dan slid down on
the bed a little, and, as he moved, his crotch came into May's
view.  She almost gasped aloud at what she saw.  His pajama pants
were bulging!  From the way his pants were sticking out, she knew
he had an "erection" as the books on sex called it.  Then she saw
him slide his hand up between Sarah's legs, pulling her gown up
as he did so.  When he reached her crotch, she opened her legs
and May saw him slide his finger right up inside of her pussy! 
>From the angle she had, she could actually see his finger
disappear through the black hair and go up her slit.  She saw her
aunt reach down and slide her hand inside the waist of Dan's
pajama pants.  From the way Sarah's hand was moving back and
forth, May knew that her aunt was stroking Dan's penis.  She held
her breath as she watched.

	After several minutes, she saw her uncle raise up and slide
over on top of her aunt.  She saw her aunt pushing his pajamas
down, and she almost gasped when his butt came into view.  She
had never seen a man's butt, and she was very excited at getting
to view her uncle's.  She realized that she was "sexually
Qroused" as the books called it.  She knew her virgin 13 year old
pussy was wet with juice.  She had played with her pussy enough
to know the excited feeling.

	She saw her aunt pull her legs up, her knees sticking up on
each side of her uncle's thighs.  She knew that they were about
to have sex, or "fuck" as some of her more experienced friends at
school called it.

	May saw her uncle's buttocks tighten as he pushed against
her aunt, and she realized that he must have just put his penis
inside of her vagina.  May almost giggled out loud.  She was
thinking in the terms which she had seen in the books.  Her
friend, Jill, would have said that he just stuck his dick in her
pussy.  As she watched, she saw her uncle's buttocks tighten and
relax as he thrust into his wife and then withdrew.  May lay very
still and watched his butt, looking at the way the muscles
tightened and relaxed as he repeatedly thrust and withdrew,
thrust and withdrew.  Dan was doing it faster now.  His buttocks
were clenching and relaxing at a much faster rate.  She could
hear her aunt sort of moaning and groaning in time with Dan's
thrusts.  It sounded like her aunt was really enjoying what she
was getting.  May saw Sarah's hands slide down over Dan's ass. 
Sarah had hold of his butt checks, pulling and pushing,
encouraging him in his thrusts.  Suddenly, she saw her aunt's
legs jerk upward and heard her begin to kind of moan and cry. 
She say her uncle shove forward hard and hold tight up against
her.  His buttocks were clenched tightly and she could hear him
gasping and groaning.  She realized that they must be "climaxing"
and that his organ must be shooting his stuff up inside of her.

	After a few moments, they lay still.  May was hoping that
her uncle would raise up and that she would see his dick when he
pulled it out of her aunt, but they just lay there.  May drifted
off to sleep before the couple moved, so she didn't get to see
Dan raise up and slide off of Sarah and pull his pajamas up.

	May was awakened by a hand shaking her shoulder.

	"May, rise and shine," she heard Sarah's voice.  Sleepily,
May rolled over onto her back.  She had been having the most
wonderful dream.  She had been watching her uncle's bare butt,
thrusting and pushing.  But it had been her he was thrusting and
pushing into!

	Looking around, she saw that Sally was sitting up beside
her, rubbing her eyes and Jack was sitting on the side of the
sofa bed on the other side of Sally.  Sarah laughed at them.

	"You guys got a lot more sleep than we did last night, and
we're having to wake you up," she laughed at them.  "Come on,
I've got breakfast ready."  She motioned toward the front of the
vehicle, and May saw that the booth-like table was set with bacon
and eggs.  Dan was putting forks on the table.  The kids didn't
need any more encouragement.  All three of them scrambled off the
bed and headed for the table.

	After breakfast, they all went out together to look around
the camping park.  They were parked in a wooded section near a
river.  There was only one other vehicle in that section of the
park, a big conversion van, parked three campsites away.  There
was a small building next to the conversion van which May guessed
was some sort of bath house.  Their campsite was all the way on
the end of the row, and it had a picnic table and a campfire
circle.

	They walked down the road past the conversion van and when
they rounded a curve in the drive, May saw a swimming pool ahead. 
Beyond the swimming pool, there were more campsites, and what
looked like a lodge.  They walked on down to the swimming pool,
and discovered that there was a concession stand alongside it.  
The kids went around to inspect the pool while Dan and Sarah
walked on down to the lodge.

	"Hey, look over there," Jack whispered to the girls.  He was
looking back up the road in the direction of their campsite.  The
girls saw another girl coming down the road.  The new girl was a
cute looking blond, a little on the chubby side.  The thing which
had attracted Jack was her figure.  She had large bouncy tits
which were threatening to fall out of the skimpy halter top which
she was wearing.  Her shorts were so tight that it looked like
she had been poured into them.

	"Jack's hormones are acting up," Sally giggled to May as the
girl approached them.

	"Hi," she said as came up to them.  She looked to be about
15 years old, and was quite pretty in spite of being just a
little heavy.  May and Sally realized that her greeting was
really directed to Jack, but they all responded.  They found that
she was from the conversion van which they had passed on the way
down, and that she was there with her mother and father, who were
still asleep.  Her name was Bunny, and she had been hoping that
someone else her age would show up soon.  Again, she seemed much
more interested in Jack than in the other girls.  They talked to
Bunny until Dan and Sarah came out of the lodge and called them.

	"Bunny's hormones are acting up, too," Sally giggled to May
as they trotted over to where the grownups were waiting.

	"The bath house is available for us to use," Sarah told
them, "so we won't be stuck with the tiny shower in the bus. 
"Besides the van we passed, we're the only ones on our side of
the swimming pool right now."

	They looked around the area some more, then they all headed
back for the campsite except Jack, who was over by the pool
talking to Bunny again.

	Dan and Sarah were walking several yards ahead of the girls,
with their arms around each other.

	"I wonder how they are going to manage being in that trailer
with us for a whole week," Sally giggled to May.

	"What do you mean?" May asked.

	"Well, they like to screw a lot," Sally explained.  "Jack
and I hear them going at it almost every night.  I wonder how
they are going to manage with us in the same room with them."

	May giggled and whispered what she had seen the night before
to Sally.  Sally got very excited, wanting to know all the
details.  She was disappointed when May confessed that she had
not seen Dan's prick.

	"You should see it," she whispered.  "It's huge!  Much
bigger than Jack's!"

	"You've seen them?" May asked.

	"Sure," Sally replied.  "Well, I've never seen Dad's hard,
but it's bigger soft than Jack's is when he's got a hardon," she
giggled.

	"You've seen Jack's hard?"  May asked with disbelief.

	"Yeah, and you probably will too, before this week is out,"
she giggled.  "And I'll bet Bunny will see it too, if Jack has
anything to say about it," she laughed.

	When they came up to the bath house, Sally called out to her
parents that they were going to stop there.

	"I've gotta pee," Sally told May.  May was feeling the urge,
too, so the two girls went into the ladies side of the bath
house.  When they got inside, they realized that they could hear
a shower running.  It seemed to be coming from the men's side. 
Sally held her finger up to her lips, indicating to May to be
quiet.  May wondered what her cousin was up to.  She followed as
Sally moved silently into the shower area.  She seemed to be
looking at the wall separating the men's and women's areas, then
she grinned and motioned to May to follow her.  She moved right
up to the wall and pointed to two holes in the wall.  She bent
down and peered through one of the holes.  May bent over and
looked through the other hole.  What she saw made her blood boil
up!  There was a naked man in the other side, standing under the
shower.  He was on the other side of the shower from the wall and
had his back to the girls.  May could see his butt, all hairy and
hard looking.  As they watched, he turned around and faced
directly towards the girls!  They could see his prick, hanging
down between his legs.  To May, it seemed huge.  The man, who
looked to be about the same age as Dan, was soaping his stomach. 
He slid his hand down to his crotch and began to soap his large
hairy balls.  Then his hand came up and encircled his large
organ, sliding up and down along the length of it, covering it
with soap.  As the girls watched, they saw his prick beginning to
stiffen as his hand slid up and down it.  It got stiffer and
stiffer, rising up until it extended straight out from his
crotch.  May couldn't see as well as she would have liked to,
because of the soap covering it and his hand sliding up and down
on it.  However, she could see the large purple knob, coming into
view each time the man's hand moved down towards the base of the
huge shaft.  After several moments, the man turned back towards
the shower head and began to wash the soap off of his body.  When
he turned back around again, the girls saw that his dick had
softened, and was now pointing out and down, rather than standing
up as it had been.  The man turned back toward the shower head
again, and let the water run over him a few more moments, then he
turned the water off.  He moved out of their view through the
door into the main dressing area.

	Sally quickly moved out of the shower area and began to
search the wall in the main dressing area.  Finally, she spotted
some more peep holes.  The girls found, though, when they looked
through, that the man had finished drying himself off and was
putting his clothes on.  They watched until he had completely
dressed, and they saw him leave the bath house.

	As soon as he had gone, May suddenly realized that she was
becoming desperate to pee.  Evidently, Sally was feeling the same
way, because both girls rushed into the stalls to do their
business.  When May came out, she met Sally coming out of the
next stall.

	"Wow, did you see the size of his dick?"  Sally giggled.

	"Yeah," May replied.  "But how did you know about the knot
holes?"

	"Oh, there are always peep holes between the men's and
women's sides in these places," Sally told her.  "I've peeked
through lots of them."

	"Hey, that means that they can peek at us, too," May
suddenly realized.

	"Oh yeah, I've been peeked at lots of times," Sally told
her.  "I usually give them a good show when I know they're
watching."  May couldn't believe her ears, but the idea sounded
so exciting that she hoped she would get a chance to show herself
off.

	"I'll bet that was Bunny's dad,"  Sally guessed as they
walked back toward the campsite.  They didn't get a chance to
discuss it any further at the moment, though, because Sarah came
out of the vehicle as they approached, and called for them to
hurry and help them set up camp.

	They busied themselves getting folding chairs and other
equipment out of the vehicle and setting up camp.  Jack returned
and joined in the work.  He and Dan hung a large hammock between
two trees while the females arranged the camp furniture around
the entrance to the big camping bus.  May noticed that, for some
reason, Dan seemed to have selected a place to hang the hammock
which was isolated from view.  It was in behind some trees and
bushes, and was visible only from the bus.

	After they had finished arranging the campsite, Sarah
commented that she could use a shower and asked the girls if they
would like to join her.  They got their clothes and towels and
walked down to the bath house.  May was thinking about the holes
in the wall, and she was sure that Sally was thinking the same
thing.  She decided that she was going to watch the holes to see
if she could tell if anyone was watching.

	The three of them quickly undressed and went into the shower
area.  It was one big area, and was not divided into stalls.  May
turned on the shower and began soaping herself, keeping an eye on
the knotholes across the room.  Sally was using the shower head
next to her and Sarah was just beyond Sally.  Sarah was a tall,
well-built woman.  Her tits were large and firm, jutting out
proudly from her chest.  Her stomach was slightly rounded, and
the juncture of her legs was covered with a thick bush of jet
black curls.  Sally, like her mother, was tall, with firm tits
standing up proudly, accented by her flat youthful stomach. 
Unlike Sarah, who was a brunette, Sally was a redhead like her
father.  Her auburn curls were matched by a thin covering of rust
colored curls between her legs.  May, being a year younger than
Sally, was not as well endowed.  Her titties were much smaller,
being about the size of oranges, but her nipples were very large
and puffy, about like silver dollars, almost covering her still
developing titties.  Her cunthair below her flat stomach, was
almost nonexistent, being a thin growth of short blonde curls.

	As May lathered her tits, she glanced at the peepholes
again.  She thought she saw a movement behind one of the holes! 
Being careful not to appear to be stareing, she looked closer. 
Yes!  She was sure she could make out an eye behind one of the
holes!  Someone was watching!  She glanced at Sally.  Sally
looked at her and nodded imperceptibly at the hole.  Yes, Sally
had seen it too.

	May kept her front towards the hole, lathering her titties
and squeezing them, aware that her large nipples were becoming
quite hard.  She glanced at Sally and saw that she was facing
directly toward the peep hole and was washing her pussy, her legs
slightly apart, giving the watcher a look directly between her
legs.  Sarah, beyond Sally, had her back to the peep hole.  She
dropped her soap on the floor and bent over to pick it up, with
her ass pointing straight toward the hole.  May realized that
whoever was watching was getting a perfect look up between
Sarah's legs.  When Sarah straightened up, May saw her glance
toward the far wall.  Well, how about that, Aunt Sarah knew they
were being watched and she was showing off, too.  For several
minutes, all three females continued to wash themselves and
expose themselves to the unseen watcher.  Finally, they turned
off the water and moved to the dressing area.  May sat on a
bench, with her knees straight toward the holes in the wall
across the room.  She saw movement behind a hole and spread her
legs, drying her pussy in full view of the watcher!

	When they were dressed, the three girls casually gathered up
their things and walked out the door into the fresh sunshine.

	When they were alone, May and Sally talked about what had
happened in the shower.  Sally agreed with May that her mother
had been aware of the watcher and had deliverately exposed
herself.  The girls decided that it must have been Bunny's
father, because both Jack and Dan were stretched out on lounge
chairs at the campsite when they got back there.

	After lunch, the kids decided that they wanted to go
swimming.  Dan and Sarah said they would "take a nap" while the
kids were gone.  They got their bathing suits and headed for the
pool.

	"Well, Mom and Dad will be going at it while we are gone,"
Sally said as they walked along together.

	"Yeah," Jack agreed.  "Don't you wish you could see them do
it?"

	"May saw them," Sally told him.  Jack got very excited and
wanted to know about it.  At their insistence, May recounted
everything she had seen in the darkened trailer.  She saw Jack's
pants bulging as she told the story.  Sally saw it too.

	"Jack," she giggled.  "You had better cool off before we get
to the pool, or they might not let you in."

	Jack just grinned and reached down and pushed his bulging
lump down.

	The girls went into the girls side of the dressing room and
changed into their swimming suits.  When they emerged from the
dressing room, they found Jack already in the pool.  They both
jumped into the water and soon were splashing and playing in the
water.  There was no one else in at the time, so they had the
pool all to themselves.  They were chasing each other around,
splashing and dunking each other.  May and Sally had teamed up on
Jack and had succeeded in dunking him twice.  When he came up the
second time, he reached for Sally, but she got away.  Suddenly
turning on May, he grabbed her around the waist and fell
backwards, taking them both underwater.  When they surfaced,
laughing and blowing water, May was aware that Jack still had his
arms around her waist.  He pulled her back against him.  She
suddenly became very aware of something pressing against her
butt.  She realized that he had a hardon.  She could feel it
pushing against her.  He slid one hand up, under the water and
she suddenly felt his hand close on her left tit through her
bathing suit.

	"Jack," she giggled.  Sally came back up beside them.  She
saw Jack's hand on May's tit under the surface of the water.

	"Copping a feel, Jack?" she asked.

	"Sure," he replied, giving May's tit a squeeze.

	"Better not let your girlfriend see you doing that," Sally
told him, nodding toward the end of the pool.  Bunny had just
emerged from the dressing room door, dressed in the most skimpy
bikini that May had ever seen.  Jack's hand immediately left
May's tit and he swam off toward the end of the pool toward
Bunny.

	"Too bad she showed up right then," Sally said.  "I think
things were about to get really interesting.  Did he have a
hardon?"

	"Yeah, I could feel it up against my butt," May told her.

	"Well, we'll get some action from him, but I think we're
going to have to share him with Bunny," Sally observed.

	The two girls got out of the water and got cokes from a
machine and sat down at a round table by the pool.  They sat and
watched Jack and Bunny wrestling around in the water.  May could
see that Jack had a big hardon when he surfaced once and rolled
momentarily onto his back.  May also saw that Bunny didn't miss
the show he had given for her.  The two kids in the water
continued to splash and wrestle around for a while, then they
moved up to the side of the pool next to where the girls were
sitting.  Bunnie was up against the side of the pool, and Jack
was against her back.  Both girls knew that he was rubbing his
hardon up against her ass.  She pretended to be talking to Sally
and May, but the girls could tell that she was having a hard time
concentrating on the conversation.

	Finally, Sally suggested to May that they get out and go
explore the rest of the camp.  May agreed and Jack and Bunny
didn't seem to be sorry to see them go.

	They went into the dressing room and got their clothes. 
Sally suggested, with a twinle in her eye, that they go to the
bath house to change back into their clothes.

	As soon as the girls entered the bath house, they checked
out the peep holes.  They were disappointed to find that the
other side was not occupied at the moment.  They then proceeded
to get dressed.  May was wearing a shortsleeved blouse and blue
jeans over her bra and panties, and Sally was wearing a
sleeveless blouse and short shorts over bikini panties with no
bra.  They had just finished dressing when Sally suddenly held
her finger to her lips.  They listened and heard whispers coming
through the wall.  They went into the shower area and discovered
that the sound was coming from behind the bath house.

	"It's Jack and Bunny," Sally whispered in May's ear.  "Let's
sneak around and see what they are doing."

	The girls went out the door and make their way around behind
the bath house, cirling back through the woods to come up behind
the building.  Peeking through some bushes, they saw Jack and
Bunny right up against the bath house.  Bunny was leaning with
her back up against the wall and Jack was in front of her.  He
was kissing her and he had one strap of her suit top down.  He
had her big tit in his hand, pressing and rolling it around while
he kissed her.  Then he bent down and took her nipple in his
mouth and started sucking on it.  From their vantage point, the
girls could see that the front of Jack's bathing suit was bulging
almost to the point of bursting.

	As Jack sucked Bunny's tit, he began to slide one hand down
over her stomach.  When he reached the top of her bikini bottoms
he slid his hand inside and straight down between her legs.  Even
though the material of her suit was in the way, the girls could
see that he was sliding his finger around in her slit.  Then his
hand moved even deeper down in her suit.

	"He's got his finger up her pussy," Sally whispered to May. 
Sure enough, that is exactly where Jack's finger was.  He was
sliding it slowly in and out of her pussy, his hand moving in her
bikini as he fingered her.  While he was doing that to her, she
reached down and began to squeeze his dick through his bathing
suit.  She slid her hand up to the top of his suit and was just
about to put her hand down the front of his suit when a voice
began calling Bunny's name.  It was a woman's voice, obviously
Bunny's mom, and it was coming from the direction of the
conversion van.  Bunny jumped and reached down and pulled Jack's
hand out of her bikini.  She quickly pulled her strap up and
disappeared around the side of the bath house toward the women's
entrance, so that it would appear that she was coming from the
women's side of the bath house when she emerged into view.

	Jack was standing there looking very forlorn.  Sally giggled
and grabbed May's hand and emerged from their hiding place.  "Too
bad," she told Jack.  "You were just about to score."

	Jack jumped.  "You were spying on me."
