	"Aw, you know you don't care," Sally said coming up beside
him.

	Jack laughed.  "Of all the dumb luck, her mother would have
to call her right then."

	"Yeah, left you with a big hardon, didn't she,"  Sally
laughed at him.  Then she and May turned and went around the side
of the bath house, leaving him standing there.

	When they got back to the campsite, they found Dan and Sarah
stretched out in a couple of the lounge chairs.  Jack came into
camp a few minutes later.  Sarah asked if they had enjoyed their
swim, but did not ask why they had come back separately.

	After supper, they all sat around the table in the front of
the vehicle and played cards until about 10 o'clock.  Sarah told
them that she and Dan were going to a late night party at the
lodge.  They said they thought they would go to bed, since it had
been a long day.

	Sarah suggested to Jack that he get ready for bed in the
small bathroom in the vehicle, out of deference to May's modesty.

	"At least until she gets used to us," Sarah told him. 
"After all, she isn't used to our casual ways.  I hope you don't
mind the three of you sleeping in one bed," she told May, "but
Jack will be on the other side of Sally from you."

	"I'm not as shy as Mother may have led you to believe,
Sarah," May told her aunt.

	Jack went into the little bathroom, and Dan went back into
the back bedroom.  The girls quickly shed their clothes and put
on their sleep wear, Sally wearing a babydoll pajama set and May
putting on a gown and matching panties.  When Jack came out of
the bathroom, he had on a pair of pajama bottoms with no shirt. 
The three kids piled up in bed, with Sally in the middle, and
Sarah and Dan left for the party.

	The kids lay quietly for several minutes.  Finally, Sally
broke the silence.

	"Jack, I'm surprised you aren't slipping out to see Bunny,"
she said.

	"She had to go into town with her folks to visit somebody
tonight," he said.

	"You almost got her this afternoon,"  Sally grinned at him.

	"Yeah, a few more minutes," Jack said wistfully.

	"I noticed you were pretty interested in May's titties until
Bunny showed up at the pool," Sally continued.

	Jack was raised up on one elbow, looking across his sister
at May.  "Yeah, you've got nice tits, May," he told her.

	Both girls laughed.  Sally pointed down at Jack's bulging
pajamas.  "Why don't you show her that and maybe she'll show you
her tits," Sally suggested.

	"How about it, May?" asked Jack.  "Will you show me your
tits if I show you my dick?"

	May looked at the bulging pajama pants.  "I guess so," she
replied.

	Jack reached down and unsnapped his pajama pants.  He opened
them wide and his dick popped out into the open, sticking
straight up toward his belly button.  Quickly, he stripped the
pants down off of his feet and kicked them off onto the floor.

	"Wow," breathed May, staring at his dick.  She could see the
veins bulging in the shaft with the swollen purplish-red knob on
the end.  Jack reached down and wrapped his fingers around the
shaft, slowly sliding his hand up and down along the shaft.

	"Now, show me your tits," he said.

	"Sally has got to show hers, too," May said.

	"Sure," Sally said taking hold of her pajama top and pulling
it off over her head with one smoothe movement.  "Now, your
turn."

	May got up on her knees and took the bottom of her gown in
her hands.  Slowly, she pulled it up and pulled it off over her
head.

	"Wow, May, they're beautiful," Jack said, stareing at her. 
May blushed hotly.  "You're both beautiful," Jack said, looking
at his sister.  "Now show me your pussies."

	Sally lay back on her back and slowly pushed her panties
down.  When she had them all the way off, she spread her legs and
reached down and used her fingers to pull her pussy wide open,
revealing the pink folds inside.  Jack's fist was sliding up and
down his dick with a regular rhythym, stroking up and down as he
looked at his sister's pussy.

	"Now, show him yours," Sally told May.

	May lay down on her back and reached down to take hold of
her panties.

	"Let me do it," Jack said.  He crawled over the prone Sally,
his dick bobbling up and down as he moved.  He knelt on his knees
beside May and took hold of the waistband of her bikini panties. 
Slowly, he began pulling them down.  He gasped as her pussy came
into view.  Then he pulled the panties all the way down and off
over her feet.  He sat back on his heels, looking down at his
pretty cousin's pussy.  Then he stretched out on his side between
the two girls, propping himself up on one elbow, looking at May. 
Sally raised up and looked down at Jack's dick.

	"Why don't you jack off for us?" she suggested.

	"OK, if both of you will finger yourselves for me," he said.

	"Sure, we'll do that, won't we, May?" Sally agreed.

	"Yeah, I guess so," May said.  "You go first," she suggested
to Sally.

	"OK," Sally agreed.  She flopped down on her back and spread
her legs.  The other two kids raised up so they could see, and
Sally began stroking her pussy with her fingertip.  She slowly
began to let the tip of her finger delve down into her crack,
tickling her hard clitoris.  Then, she used her fingers to pull
her pussy wide open, showing the juicy pink interior.  Then,
using the forefinger of one hand to rub her clit, she slid the
other hand down and began to slide the fingertip down into her
cunthole.  Stroking and fingering, she began to get more and more
excited, playing with herself while the other two watched.  Then,
suddenly, she became very red in the face, and climaxed, arching
her back and shoving her finger all the way up into her pussy. 
Finally, she lay back, breathing hard.

	"Now, you do it, Jack," May said.

	"You first," Jack said.

	"No, you do it, then I'll do it," May said.

	Jack slid off of the bed and stood at the foot of the bed
facing the girls.  They lay on their stomachs and watched as his
hand began to slide up and down his hard dick.  Faster and faster
his fist pumped on his dick, until he was nearly jacking himself
into a frenzy.  The girls watched with mounting excitement, as
they waited for the eruption.  They didn't have long to wait. 
Suddenly, Jack thrust forward, his dick sticking out through his
grasping fist.  It was almost like his dick had erupted, a huge
glob of white stuff shooting out the end and landing on the bed. 
Jack groaned as another spurt shot out, landing just short of
where the first had hit.  Spurt after spurt shot out, flying
through the air.  Finally, the spurts turned to a drible and
stopped.

	Sally jumped off of the bed and grabbed a towel, handing it
to Jack.  He wiped his hand and dick off, then wiped up the
puddling come from the bed.

	"Now, May, its your turn," Jack said.  May lay back on the
bed and spread her legs wide.  Jack stood at the end of the bed,
looking right up between her legs while Sally lay beside her,
watching intently.

	May slid her hands down between her legs and slowly pulled
her pussy open for them to see.  She was feeling very excited,
and she knew that her pussy was already wet.  Blushing, partly
from embarassment, partly from excitement, she began to rub her
clitty.  Slowly sliding her fingertip over the protruding little
nubbing, she began to slide the other hand down farther into her
slit, letting the tip of her finger swirl around in the tight
opening to her cunt hole.  Slowly, she began to slide her middle
finger up into her hole.  When it was about half way in, she
began to slide it in and out, fingering herself while she
continued to tickle and rub her clit with the finger of the other
hand.  Looking down the length of her body, she saw Jack stooping
down and looking directly up between her legs.  He raised up and
she realized that his dick was rock hard again.  Suddenly, he
crawled onto the bed between her legs.

	Jack slowly slid his hands up the inside of May's thighs. 
When he reached her pussy, he used his fingers to hold her pussy
lips wide open while he watched her fingers work on her own
pussy.

	"Why don't you do it for her?" Sally asked him.  In
response, Jack slid one finger down to where May's finger was
sliding in and out of her pussy.  She pulled her finger out and
he gently and slowly slid his own finger up into her hole.  She
gasped as she felt it slowly going all the way up into her cunt. 
No one else had ever had a finger in her, and having Jack doing
this to her was much better than doing it herself.  Jack began to
slowly slide his finger in and out of her.  He used the tip of
the forefinger of his other hand to rub her clit.  He gently
rolled the little button back and forth as he fingered her.  May
began to feel the rising excitement which she knew meant that she
was about to come.  Suddenly, gasping for breath, she thrust her
hips upwards toward the thrusting finger and began to jerk,
gyrating her hips wildly on his thrusting finger.  She was
coming!  Bigger and better than she had ever come before.

	Finally, May lay still.  Jack pulled his finger out of her
juicy pussy and looked down at her.  "May, you are beautiful," he
told her.  She smiled at him.  Looking down, she saw that his
dick was still sticking up, hard as it could be.

	Suddenly, Jack lowered himself down on top of her.  She
could feel his stomach against her stomach, his chest pressed
against her tits.  She felt his lips contact her lips, his tongue
coming in between her lips.  Then she felt his dick come up
between her legs, the end sliding right into her juicy slit.

	"No, Jack," she suddenly gasped, pushing against him.  He
began raising up and down, trying to find her cunt hole with the
end of his dick.

	"No," she said again, almost in a panic.  Sally grabbed her
brother by the shoulders and began pulling on him, trying to pull
him off of her.

	"Jack, stop it," Sally was telling him.  Seeming to come to
his senses, Jack suddenly raised up and rolled off of his cousin. 
He looked over at her, the disappointment showing in his eyes.

	"Jack, I've never done it," May told him.

	"Neither have I," Sally said.  "Jack, you can't do it to her
if she doesn't want to," she told him.

	"I know it," he said.  "May, I'm sorry.  All of a sudden, I
just wanted so badly to fuck you."

	"I know," she told him.  "I wanted to do it too, but I was
scared.  Maybe we'll do it some other time."

	"Wow, I hope you'll let me watch if you do," Sally said.

	"Let me do it to you," Jack said, half playfully and half
seriously.

	"UhUh," she replied.  "You've tried before, and I've told
you that I feel funny about letting my brother fuck me.  Besides,
I'm a little scared too."

	"Well, let me finger you," he said sliding his hand up
between her legs.  Sally giggled and rolled onto her back,
spreading her legs so he could get to her.  May raised up and
looked over his body, watching his finger slide in and out of
Sally's pussy.

	Looking down, May saw his dick sticking straight out in
front of him.  She reached down and boldly grasped it in her
fist.  Jack grunted as she began to slide her hand up and down
the length of the hard shaft.

	Sally raised her head and looked down, seeing what was going
on.  "Oh, yeah, you do him while he does me," she told May.  May
continued to slowly jack on Jack's dick.  She delighted in the
feel of it in her hand.  She couldn't believe how the outer skin
slid up and down on the shaft as she pumped it up and down.  And
when her hand went all the way out to the end, she marvelled at
the velvetty smoothness of the big red knob.  Juice was flowing
out of the slit in the end and running down over her hand,
lubricating the shaft as it slipped back and forth in her fist.

	Looking over at Sally, May saw that she was getting red in
the face, huffing and puffing through her nostrils.  Jack's
finger was sliding in and out of her pussy, pumping in a pool of
pussy juice.  Jack was beginning to thrust his dick through May's
pumping fist, now.  He was contributing as much to the jacking
off as she was.

	Suddenly, Sally let out a little shreik and grabbed Jack's
hand.  She shoved on it, driving his finger all the way up in her
pussy and holding it there.  She was coming.

	And Jack was right behind her.  With a sudden thrust that
nearly jerked his dick out of May's hand, he began shooting off. 
Spurt after spurt of white cum shot from his dick, splattering
against Sally's hip, as May continued to slide her hand up and
down the slippery shaft.  Finally, it quit spurting.  May looked
down at the juice running down all over her hand.  She was amazed
at how swarm and slippery it was.

	Jack pulled his finger out of Sally's pussy and reached for
the towel.  May released his dick and watched him wipe the juice
off of Sally's hip and then wipe his dick off.  Then, turning
toward her, he took her hand and wiped it off with the towel.  He
grinned at her and she smiled back.

	"Hey, we better get our clothes back on," Sally said.  "Mom
and Dad may be back any time."  Realizing that they were all
three lying there naked and that Dan and Sarah might walk in the
door at any time, the three youngsters quickly scrambled back
into their night clothes.  They turned on the TV set and lay and
watched TV with Jack between May and Sally.  The girls nestled up
against him and they all watched TV until they fell asleep, which
wasn't long in the satisfied state which they found themselves
in.  When Dan and Sarah came in, they found them snoring
peacefully with the TV still going.  Sarah went over and turned
the TV off, then stopped and looked down at the sleeping youths. 
Her brow went up, a puzzled look on her face when she realized
that Jack was sleeping between the two girls.  Then, as she moved
around the foot of the bed, she noticed the towel lying on the
floor at the foot of the bed.  When she picked it up she noticed
that it was stiff in places.  She examined it and then a broad
smile went over her face as she recognized feel of dried cum on
the cloth.  She stood a few moments and looked down at the kids,
wondering just how far they were going.  She was somewhat
surprised at her reaction.  Jack might be screwing his cousin. 
She then suddenly realized that if he had, he had done it in
front of his sister.  Then she realized that he might have
screwed Sally, too.  Sarah was surprised at how excited that
prospect made her feel.

	The kids spent most of the next morning at the swimming
pool.  Bunny had evidently not come back yet, because she had not
put in an appearance.  They didn't get to do anything of a sexual
nature while they were at the pool because Dan and Sarah were
there also.

	Sarah had told Dan about her suspicions from observing the
towel and she had been surprised at his reaction.  His response
had been one of "Do you really think they are messing around? 
Hey, maybe we could watch them?"  They had decided that they
would keep their eyes open for anything going on.

	About noon, Bunny and her parents returned to camp.  When
they were all walking back to the campsite, the big conversion
van pulled in just as they were passing the parking place it had
occupied.  Bunny jumped out and called to them, so the three kids
stopped to talk to her.  The girls didn't hang around long,
because it was evident that her attention was directed to Jack.

	When they got back to camp, Sarah asked them where Jack was
and when they said he was with Bunny, she just smiled.  When Jack
got back, Sally asked him if he had made a date to see her and he
told them that he was meeting her behind the bath house again
after lunch.

	Jack ate quickly and made his exit as soon as possible. 
Sally suggested to May that they spy on him again, so the girls
slipped off as soon after Jack left as they could.  Sarah saw
them go into the woods in behind the campsite, as she noticed
that they turned toward the bath house before they were
completely out of site.

	"I wonder what they are up to," she wondered to herself. 
Dan was stretched out in the hammock, so she decided to follow
them.

	May and Sally made their way through the bushes behind the
bath house as quietly as they could.  When they reached the same
vantage point they had enjoyed the day before, they peeked out of
the bushes.  They were delighted with what they saw.

	Jack and Bunny were up against the back of the bath house
again.  Jack had Bunny's blouse unbuttoned.  She wasn't wearing a
bra and he both hands full of her big tits.  His jeans were
bulging so that it looked like the zipper would split.  As they
watched, Jack bent down and took a large nipple in his mouth and
started sucking.  It was obvious that Bunny liked what he was
doing.

	Sarah almost came up on the girls before she realized it. 
If they hadn't been so intent on looking through the bushes at
something, they would have seen her.  She backed up a little and
made a slight circle so she could see what they were watching. 
Pushing the bushes apart silently, she peered out.  She almost
gasped at what she saw.  Jack was sucking Bunny's big tits and he
had his hand between her legs feeling her pussy through her
shorts.  As Sarah watched, she saw Bunny reach down and squeeze
Jack's bulging crotch through his jeans.

	Jack let Bunny's tit slip out of his mouth and stood up.  He
reached down and unzipped Bunny's shorts, then pushed them down
over her hips.  She wasn't wearing any panties, either.  She had
really come dressed for action.  She quickly stepped out of the
shorts and then knelt in front of Jack.  She unfastened his pants
and tugged them down to his knees.  She immediately pulled his
shorts down as well and wrapped her fingers around his throbbing
dick.  She slid her hand up and down the length of it a couple of
times, then stuck out her tongue and licked it right on the end!

	May and Sally gasped when they saw Bunny lick Jack's prick
and then take the end of it in her mouth and start sucking on it. 
Jack looked like he was in heaven.  He was leaning back against
the side of the bath house thrusting his hips at Bunny's mouth.

	Sarah had a clear view of her son's dick sliding in and out
of Bunny's lips.  She was amazed at the size of his organ. 
"Takes after his daddy," she thought to herself.

	Jack knew he couldn't last long with Bunny's mouth sucking
hungrily at his prick.  Suddenly, he knew he couldn't last at
all.  He let out a gutteral grunt as his cock suddenly exploded
in her mouth.

	May and Sally could tell that Jack was coming in Bunny's
mouth.  They could even see her throat working as she swallowed
the powerful spurts which he was shooting in her mouth.  When he
finished coming, she licked his dick clean and stood up.

	She whispered something to him and leaned back against the
side of the bath house.  Jack knelt between her legs, his jeans
and shorts down around his ankles now.  He used his fingers to
open her pussy wide and then began to lick up and down in her
slit.

	"The little rascal is going to eat her," Sarah thought to
herself.  Sure enough, Jack was doing exactly that.  Sarah could
see his head working as he tongued and licked the juicy pussy in
front of him.  Bunny must have been pretty hot, because he didn't
have long to work on her before she grabbed his head and shoved
it hard up between her legs.  She almost suffocated him, holding
him prisoner there between her legs while she came.

	When she finally released him, he reached up and pulled her
down beside him.  His dick was pointing straight up again.  Jack
pushed Bunny down on her back and crawled over her.  From her
hiding place, Sarah could look straight up between their legs. 
She saw Bunny pull her legs up and spread them wide.  She saw
Bunny's hand come down and grab the hard dick and guide it to the
juicy hole between her legs.  She saw Jack lunge forward and sink
the full length of his prick straight up her cunt hole.  He held
it there for a moment and then began to fuck her.

	May and Sally could see Jack's dick appear and disappear
beneath Bunny's pulled up leg as he fucked her.  As they watched,
they saw her reach down and grab him by the ass, urging him on. 
He didn't really need any urging, however, as he was
enthusiastically fucking her.  Harder and harder, faster and
faster, he screwed her.  Suddenly, she began to gasp and whine,
and then Jack let out a series of grunts and buried his dick up
to the balls in her as he shot his wad up her pussy.  She was
obviously coming too, as she held on tightly to his ass. 
Finally, Jack raised up and pulled it out of her.

	Sarah could see her pussy gaping open when Jack's dick slid
out.  She saw a big glob of cum slide right out of the girl's
pussy.  Jack stood up and pulled his shorts and pants up.  Bunny
put her shorts back on and buttoned her blouse.  Jack kissed her
on the lips, then took her by the hand and led her away around
the side of the bath house.

	Sarah stayed very still, as she watched the girls come out
of the bushes and go up to the spot where the fucking had taken
place.  They looked around and giggled as they talked to each
other about what they had seen.  She heard Sally say to May,
"Boy, after watching that, I can hardly wait to have it done to
me.  I really want to lose my cherry!"

	"Me, too," May agreed with her.

	"Are you going to let Jack do it to you?" Sally asked her
cousin.

	"I don't know, probably," May replied.  "I think I would
like to try what he and Bunny did with their mouths first,
though."

	"Yea, me too," Sally replied.  "Playing with him and letting
him play with us is fun, but I think it's time to do a little
more."

	May nodded in agreement as the girls made their way off
through the woods.

	Sarah knew that the conversation she had heard meant that
Jack was not fucking his cousin or his sister, but it also meant
that the girls were ready and that it would probably happen soon! 
She suddenly realized that she was desperately needing to piss. 
She made her way around to the front of the bath house. 
Suddenly, on an impulse, she went over the the entrance to the
men's side.  She listened silently.  She didn't hear anything. 
She looked around.  There was no one in sight.  She looked around
the entrance into the inside of the bath house.  There was no one
inside.  She had always wanted to pee in the men's room!  She
decided to take a chance!

	As May and Sally made their way through the woods, May
suddenly realized that she needed to pee.  She told Sally to go
on without her and she turned back toward the bath house.

	Inside the men's room, Sarah was perched on the pot with her
shorts and panties down around her ankles.  She spread her legs
and released her bladder, causing the water in the pot to sing
with the stream of piss she cut loose in it.  Shen she finished,
she wiped her pussy and reached for her clothes bunched at her
ankles.  Suddenly, she became aware that someone was watching
her!  Bunny's father was standing just inside the door, looking
at her.  He didn't say a word, he just walked slowly toward her. 
Her eyes were drawn to the huge bulge between his legs.  She sat
still until he stood in front of her.  He extended his hand to

