her and she took it.  He pulled her to a standing position and
immediately kissed her.

	There she stood, with her shorts and panties still down
around her ankles, being kissed by a man she had never really met
before.  Sarah could't believe it.  This was more like one of her
wild fantasies than reality.  She felt his hands close on her
breasts, cupping them and feeling them through her blouse.  She
wasn't wearing a bra, and she knew that he could feel her nipples
hardening through the material of the blouse.

	Finally, his lips left hers and he unbuttoned her blouse. 
He pulled it wide open, exposing her beautiful breasts to his
view.  She knew that he had seen them before, through the
knothole in the wall.  She moaned as his hands closed on her
boobs, palming and rolling them on her chest.  She felt his hand
slide down over her belly, straight down between her legs.  His
finger slipped down into her crack, finding her clit.  She moaned
as he rubbed her clit, then slid his finger farther down and up
into her cunt hole.  Her pussy was creaming around the invading
finger.

	May had entered the other side of the bath house.  She was
about to pull her shorts down to pee when she heard a moan
through the wall.  Her need was immediately forgotten!  She moved
quickly to a knothole and looked through.  She couldn't believe
her eyes.  There was her aunt, standing kind of spraddle legged
with Bunny's father's finger up her pussy!  As May watched, she
saw Sarah reach down and unfasten the man's pants, pushing them
down.

	Like father, like daughter, Sarah thought to herself as she
found that he didn't have on any underwear.  She wrapped her
fingers around the huge dick standing straight up in front of his
belly.  Slowly, she slid her hand up and down along the length of
it, naturally timing her strokes with the strokes of his finger
in her pussy.

	He stepped back, reaching down and freeing his feet from his
pants.  Then he gently turned her around so that she had her back
to him.  She stepped out of her shorts and panties and leaned
over, bracing her hands on the toilet tank.  He moved in close
behind her, taking hold of her hips.  Sarah spread her legs and
reached back between them and took hold of the mighty weapon
pointing at her.  She guided it straight to it's target and
gasped in pleasure as he sank the full length up in her pussy
with one thrust.

	May was watching excitedly, as she saw the man starting to
screw her aunt.  From her position, she could actually see his
dick going in and out of her, because the knot hole through which
she was looking was low and they were facing directly away from
her and really quite close to her.

	Sarah couldn't believe she was doing this.  Here she was,
leaning over a commode with a stranger's dick sliding in and out
of her pussy!  And it felt soooo gooooood!  He was really balling
her now.  His hard thrusts were shaking her all over.  From her
position, May could see her aunt's tits shaking as the man rammed
her.  Sarah could feel the climax coming.  Then suddenly, she was
there!  And so was he!  She could feel him spurting in her as he
grunted in her ear.

	May watched the man pull out of his aunt then help her to
straighten up.  Then he moved up to the toilet and stood right
there and started to piss.  She heard her aunt giggle and saw her
reach down and take hold of his prick and aim it.  When he
finished peeing, she saw her aunt shake it and then give it a
little pat.

	When the couple in the other room had dressed and left, May
quickly relieved her bladder and headed back to camp.  When she
got there, she found Sarah stretched out on a lounge chair
looking like she was totally relaxed.  Dan was asleep in the
hammock and Jack and Sally were sitting on the couch (folded up
durin the daytime) in the vehicle watching tv.  When she came in,
she found that Sally had told Jack that they had watched him and
Bunny.

	"Say, what took you so long to get back from the bath
house?" Sally asked her.

	May hesitated, then told them about seeing Bunny's dad screw
Sarah.  Jack and Sally couldn't believe their ears.

	"Wow, I knew Mom was hot to trot, but I thought it was only
for Dad," Jack said.

	"Well, why shouldn't she want it?" Sally said.  "After all,
you want to get in every girl's pants that you meet."

	"Oh, I think it's fantastic," Jack said.

	"Yeah, so I see," Sally replied, looking at his bulging
crotch.  "And so soon after Bunny, too."  Jack laughed and
reached down and rubbed his hardon through his pants.

	The kids quickly quieted down when they heard someone at the
door.  Dan came in and flopped down beside them to watch tv so
they didn't get to talk about it anymore.

	A little while later, Sarah came into the vehicle.

	"Dan, we told that lady on the other side of the park that
we would bring Sally down to look at her doll collection this
afternoon," she reminded her husband.

	"Oh, yeah," Dan groaned.

	Sarah explained to Sally that they had met a lady with some
rag dolls for sale.  Sally collected them and was eager to go to
see them.

	"Do you want to go, May?" she asked.

	"Uh, I don't think so, if you don't mind," May replied.

	"We'll be back in about an hour," Sarah told Jack and May. 
"When Sally gets to looking at rag dolls, we have a hard time
getting her to leave."

	The three of them left and May was alone in the bus with
Jack.  They sat there for a few minutes watching TV.  Then,
suddenly, Jack slid over next to May and put his arm around her
shoulder.  May looked at him and smiled.  Jack leaned over and
kissed her right on the lips.

	May liked the feeling of Jack's lips on hers.  They were
soft and warm and it did something to her.  Jack continued to
kiss her, opening his mouth and slipping his tongue between her
lips.  She extended the tip of her tongue and flicked his tongue
with hers.

	The two kids continued to kiss, openmouthed and hard.  As
they kissed, both of them began to gasp for breath.  Finally,
their lips parted and they looked at each other.

	"Wow," May exclained.

	"Did you like that?" Jack asked.

	"Ummmhmmm," May replied, leaning forward for him to kiss her
again.  Their lips began to work against each other, their
tongues twisting and licking at each other.  May wrapped both
arms around Jack's neck as he kissed her.  She felt his hand
sliding up her side and then around between them.  He had his
hand on her tit through her blouse!  She purred in his mouth as
he began to palm and feel her little tittie.

	After a few moments of this, May felt his fingers fumbling
with the buttons of her blouse.  She giggled and brought her
hands away from around his neck to help him unbutton her blouse. 
He pulled it wide open and reached up and pulled both bra straps
down!  She gasped as his hands closed on both bare titties.  He
kissed her lips again, then began to kiss his way down her neck
and down onto her front.  Slowly, he kissed his way down to her
budding breasts.  When he reached her right breast with his lips,
he kissed his way around the small tit and then moved up to the
swollen nipple.  May gasped loudly when his lips closed on her
nipple and he began to suck on it.  She cradled his head in her
arms as he nursed at her budding breast.

	Moving back and forth from one breast to the other, Jack was
working May up into a real stew.  He slid his hand down over her
hip to her leg.  He slipped his hand between her knees, and began
to move his hand back up the inside of her thigh.

	May felt the warm hand sliding up her leg and she knew he
was headed for her pussy.  When he reached her crotch, she gasped
when he slid his hand over and palmed her pussy through her
shorts.  He rubbed his hand up and down on her pussy through her
shorts for a few moments, then he began to try to get his finger
inside the tight leg of her shorts.

	"Jack, wouldn't it be easier if you just took them off?" she
whispered in his ear.

	Jack didn't waste any time complying with her suggestion. 
He quickly unzipped them and pulled them down over her legs and
off as she raised up to help him.  He then slid his hand back up
between her legs and felt her pussy through her bikini panties. 
He could feel the heat through the thin material, and the
moisture seeping through them.  He hooked a finger under the leg
and pulled the crotch to the side.  He palmed her bare pussy,
then slipped a finger into the top of her crack.  She groaned as
his finger found her clit.

	Jack looked down at the beautiful sight.  His finger was
slowly sliding deeper and deeper into the juicy little slit.  The
thin blonde curls hid none of her slit from his view.  Slowly, he
inched his finger deeper into her slit until he was twirling his
fingertip in the entrance to her pussy.  He was amazed at the
juice!  Boy was she hot!

	May suddenly raised up and grasped the top of her panties. 
Lifting her ass, she quickly peeled them down and off.  Jack
immediately slid his finger back up into her pussy when she
spread her legs for him to get to her.  Slowly, he pumped his
finger in and out of her.

	May couldn't believe how good it felt.  But she wanted to
sample some of the other things she had observed today.

	"Jack, why don't you kiss my pussy like you kissed Bunny's?"
she whispered to him.

	Jack didn't hesitate.  He slid to the floor and knelt in
front of her.  She pulled her legs up and spread them wide,
propping her heels on the edge of the sofa as she leaned back. 
Jack kissed his way up the inside of her thighs.  When he reached
her pussy, he flicked his tongue out and licked the end of her
hard little clittie.  She gasped and jerked every time he licked
it.  He ran his tongue up and down her slit, tasting her gushing
juices.  He licked his way down to her brimming hole and thrust
his tongue as far up the entrance as he could get it.  He opened
his mouth wide, covering her whole pussy with her mouth, sucking
and licking everything he could get to.  He slid his finger up to
her hole and slowly pushed it all the way in as he licked her
clit.  He began to pump his finger in and out of her, licking her
little bud of a clit.  He fastened his lips around the tiny
morsel and began to suck it, licking the end of it as his lips
pulled on it.

	May suddenly grabbed his head in both hands, pulling him
hard against her pussy, as she let out a little shreik.  She was
coming!!

	Finally, she released his head and he raised up and grinned
at her.

	"Stand up," she told him, raising up to a sitting position. 
Jack did as he was told, standing up in front of her.  Her
fingers tugged his zipper down and opened his pants.  Quickly she
pulled them down below his knees, then she stripped his shorts
down.

	His dick was standing up proud and hard, pointing right up
at his belly button.  She slid one hand up between his legs,
feeling his balls.  The other hand clasped his dick and began to
slowly slide up and down along the shaft.  She pumped it several
times, looking at the juice seeping out of the slit in the end. 
Then she leaned forward and stuck out her tongue.  Tentatively,
she touched the tip of her tongue to the end of his prick.  She
liked the taste!  It was strong and kind of sour-sweet.  She
licked the end, swiping her tongue all around the head.  Jack
groaned with pure pleasure!

	May pursed her lips and kissed it right on the end.  Then,
slowly moving forward, she let her lips slowly enclose the end of
his dick, sliding down until she had the whole knob in her mouth. 
She pressed forward, taking some of the shaft in her mouth. 
Slowly, she took more and more until the end of his prick was
against the back of her throat.  She could see that she had a
little more than half of it in her mouth.  That was not quite as
much as Bunny had managed to swallow, but it would have to do
until she got more used to it.  It was about to gag her, as it
was.

	May then slowly let it slide out of her mouth until only the
end was in.  Then she reversed directions and repeated the
movement.  She could tell from Jack's groaning that he was really
enjoying it.  He began to contribute to the movement, sliding his
dick in and out of her mouth.  She was using her tongue on the
underside of it as it slid in and out.  She was also exerting as
much suction as she could.

	May was afraid that Jack would lose control and jam it down
her throat, so she wrapped her fist around it at just the right
place to control the maximum depth that she wanted.  Suddenly,
Jack groaned and gasped and May felt the dick in her mouth begin
to throb.  She knew he was about to shoot his load, so she
withdrew her mouth until she had only the knob in her mouth and
began to suck hard.  Bam!  Jack cut loose in her mouth.  The
first wad almost shot down her throat without her swallowing, it
spurted out with such power.  Swallowing rapidly, May tried to
keep up with the gushes of hot juice spurting from the end of his
dick.  Finally, the spurts slowed to a dribble and then quit. 
She sucked the last of the juice out of the piss slit and let his
dick slide out of her mouth.

	May looked up at Jack and drinned.  He was still gasping for
breath, but he smiled at her.

	"Oh, May, that was wonderful," he told her.

	She grinned at him, wiping the corner of her mouth with the
back of her hand.  "It tastes different from anything I've ever
tasted before, but I liked it," she told him.

	Jack sank weakly down on the sofa beside her.  He kissed her
on the lips, then leaned down and gently kissed each breast.

	Suddenly, May jumped up.  She heard voices coming up the
road!

	"They're coming!"  she told Jack.  Quickly, they grabbed
their clothes and put them on.  They were sitting on the sofa
watching TV when the door opened and Sally entered, followed by
Dan and Sarah.

	Sally looked at them and immediately knew that something had
happened.  She couldn't wait to find out what they had done. 
Sarah also knew that something had happened.  She could feel it.

	"Hey, let's go for a walk," Sally suggested.

	The other two agreed and out the door they went.  Sarah
quickly told Dan her suspicions and the two adults decided to try
to follow them.

	The three kids set out through the woods.  As soon as they
were out of earshot of the van, Sally asked what they had been up
to.  May and Jack grinned at her.

	"What do you mean?" Jack teased his sister.

	"I know you two did something while I was gone," she
replied.  "Now tell me what you did.  Did he fuck you?" she asked
her cousin.

	"No, but he licked my pussy and I sucked his dick," May told
her, wanting her to know about it.  "And it was fantastic," she
added.

	"Wow," Sally exclaimed, as they came up to the little clear
spot behind the bath house.

	Dan and Sarah almost lost the kids trying to follow them
through the woods, but Sarah was pretty sure she knew where they
were going.  Sure enough, they soon peeked out at the back of the
bath house and found the three of them there.  Sally was leaning
back against the side of the bath house with her blouse wide
open.  Jack was sucking her tits while May watched.  After a few
moments, Jack knelt down and stripped Sally's shorts and panties
down and off.  Wasting no time, he used his fingers to open his
sister's pussy and went to work on it with his tongue.

	"Wow, look at that," Dan gasped.  "And look at Sally.  She's
growing into some kinda woman."

	Sarah smiled.  She wasn't surprised to hear him say
something like that.  She had suspected for sometime that Dan was
fantasizing about his daughter.  Up against the wall, Jack was
really working Sally over.  His head was bobbing and working from
side to side as he worked on her pussy with his mouth and tongue
and lips.  Suddenly, she let out a little squeal and grabbed his
head, shoving it hard up against her pussy as she climaxed.

	"She's gonna smother him," Dan chuckled.  Suddenly, he
raised up a little and tugged Sarah's shorts and panties down. 
She was on her knees, so this was easy to accomplish.  She looked
back at him and smiled as he dropped his pants to his knees and
knelt behind her.  She reached down and stripped her shorts and
panties completely off so she could get her legs apart.  As soon
as she spread her legs, she felt the end of his huge dick nudge
it's way up into her gash and felt the end slip back and forth in
her slit.  Dan pulled it back up against her pussy hole and then
pressed forward, lodging the end in her cunt.  He took hold of
her hips with both hands and slowly pushed forward, sinking the
full length of his cock in her juicy pussy.

	Dan suddenly realized that she was really juicy.  Much
juicier than he would have expected.  She felt like she had cum
in her cunt!  He pulled his dick out of her and looked down at
it.  It was coated with a heavy deposit and he recognized it as
come!  Another man's come!  Sarah looked back at him, wondering
what he was doing.  He pressed forward and slid it into her
again, up to the balls.

	Sarah suddenly realized that Dan was fucking her in the come
left by Bunny's father.  She didn't know whether he realized it
or not, but if he did, it wasn't slowing him down.  He was
screwing her with long steady strokes.

	Up against the bath house wall, the girls now had Jack's
pants and shorts down and both of them were kneeling in front of
him.  Sally was sucking his dick while May played with his balls. 
Dan and Sarah could see their daughter's mouth clearly as she
slurped back and forth on the boy's dick.

	"Look at the size of Jack's dick," Sarah whispered back to
Dan.  "It's easy to see that he's your son!"  Dan just chuckled
as he continued to screw Sarah dogfashion.

	Jack was getting close to the point of no return again. 
These two girls were driving him wild.  He couldn't believe it. 
Here he was with his cute cousin playing with his balls while his
own gorgeous sister sucked voraciously at his prick.  He was
watching her lips as she slid her mouth up and down on him,
taking fully half the length of his cock into her mouth on every
stroke.  He felt his balls tighten.  UnOh, here it comes, he
thought.

	Sure enough, Sally felt the big dick in her mouth jerk and
she knew she was about to get a mouthful.  She pulled her head
back until only the end was in and sucked hard.  She was rewarded
with a big spurt of come quickly followed by another and another. 
She swallowed his spurts as fast as she could.

	"He's coming in her mouth," Sarah whispered back to Dan.

	When Jack finished coming in Sally's mouth, he sank to his
knees, his dick slipping from Sally's mouth as he slid down.  He
leaned back against the wall, gasping for breath.  Suddenly, he
realized that someone was pushed against him.  It was May.  She
was pushing her pussy against his face, wanting to get sucked
again.  Jack just grinned and obliged her, opening his mouth and
sliding his tongue up her slit as she spread her legs and
straddled his head.  Sally sat beside them, watching her brother
suck her cousin's cunt.

	Dan pulled his dong out of Sarah's pussy and slid the end of
it up and down in her asscrack, smearing the thick juice coating
it around in her crack and on her asshole.  Then, taking his dick
in his fist, he put the end against her asshole and pushed
forward.  Her rectum opened slightly, letting the end of his dick
nestle just inside her brown ringed hole.

	Sarah grunted as she felt her husband's prickhead enter her
rectum.  Then she felt him push forward, sinking about half of it
up her butt hole.  She looked back at him to tell him to take it
easy, but it was too late.  He withdrew a little, and then shoved
forward suddenly, sinking the whole thing in her widely stretched
ass hole.  She groaned as she felt her ass being stretched wide
open.  She was used to Dan fucking her in the ass, but he usually
entered her gently, not like this.  He began to screw it in and
out of her tight ass.  She relaxed and began to enjoy it as the
initial pain subsided and her rectal opening became accustomed to
the presence of the big prick again.  She could see May,
obviously having a climax, with Jack's face buried in her snatch. 
She wondered what they would do next.

	After May finished coming, she slid down to the ground
beside the other two kids.  She looked at Jack and saw that he
was hard again.  Sally saw it too.  Both girls went after his
dick, with Sally winning the initial favors, taking as much of it
into her mouth as she could.  She sucked for a bit, then removed
her mouth and let May get to it.

	Dan and Sarah couldn't believe their eyes.  The two girls
were doubling up on Jack, taking turns sucking his cock.  Dan
continued to fuck Sarah's ass as they watched.  Sarah could feel
her body tightening up as she neared a climax from the butt
fucking she was getting.  She knew that Dan was close, too. 
Suddenly, it happened.  She was climaxing, and she felt the big
dick up her butt jerk and jump as it shot a load of cum deep into
her bowels.  Finally, it was over.  She realized that she had had
her eyes closed.  When she looked back toward the bath house, she
saw May's mouth slipping off of Jack's dick, with come running
out from between her lips.  She had sucked him off.

	Dan and Sarah remained still, coupled together, while the
three kids got dressed and left.

	As soon as them were gone, Dan pulled his softening dick out
of his wife's ass and said, "Sarah, I want to know who fucked you
today."

	She groaned.  She looked back at him and was surprised to
see the look on his face.  It was not pain or disappointment, but
excitement.  His dick was hardening again as he waited for her
answer.

	Sarah told him that she sneaked into the men's room and had
been surprised by Bunny's father.  She admitted that he had
screwed her.  Dan's hand dropped to his now hard dick and he
began to slide it up and down jacking on it.  He asked her to
tell him about it, and she did, giving him all the details as she
watched him jack off while she told him.  As she related the
story, she began to play with her pussy, fingering herself in
time with Dan's fist strokes on his dick.  Suddenly, Dan raised
up and pushed Sarah down on her back.

	"I'm gonna fuck you in his cum!" he grunted at her, dropping
down on top of her.  She wrapped her arms around his neck as he
flexed his hips, suddenly driving his dick up to the balls in her
pussy.  She pulled her legs up and wrapped them around his waist
as he fucked her pussy, banging in and out so hard that her big
tits were sliding up and down on her chest.  Suddenly, she let
out a scream as she began to climax and she felt Dan's dick
spurting up her cunt, his come mixing with that of the other
man's come which was already in her.

	When the kids got back to the campsite, they found it empty. 
They went in and turned the TV on again, but they didn't have
long to wait before Dan and Sarah arrived.  They didn't offer the
kids any explanation as to where they had been, and of course the
kids didn't ask for one because they didn't want to be asked
where they had been.

	That evening, at supper Sarah told them that she had talked
to May's mother, Ruth, on the phone earlier in the day.  She
would be arriving the next day, probably sometime after lunch. 
After supper, they all went to the swimming pool.  The cool water
felt nice as the kids splashed and played together.  They were
joined by Bunny soon after thye got in the water.  Bunny's
mother, Betty, and father, Ray, sat at the pool side and talked
to Dan and Sarah.  Sarah was very excited, sitting there beside
Dan talking to Ray, with Dan knowing that she still had Ray's
come in her pussy mixed with his own.  She glanced down at Dan's
