crotch and saw that it was bulging.  She also saw that Betty had
noticed Dan's hardening dick.  Betty was sitting dorectly
opposite from Dan, and she was leaning back with her chubby legs
apart, giving him a good view right up between her legs at the
skimpy crotch of her bikini bottom.  It was so tight that her
crack was clearly outlined by the cloth.  Sarah wasn't sure how
much of Dan's hardon was due to Betty's display, but she was sure
that Ray's presence after fucking her was having an effect on
him, too.

	Suddenly, Betty stood up and announced that she had to go
pee.  The women's john in the dressing room was out of order, so
she was going to have to go to the bath house.  Ray had gone over
to the office to check on something with the campground manager. 
Betty said she might as well get Bunny to walk back to the bath
house with her, because it was dark.  Sarah said it would be a
shame to take Bunny away when she was having a good time, and
suggested that Dan walk her to the bath house.  Dan looked at
Sarah and saw her wink at him.

	Dan and Betty made their way back up the dark road to the
bath house.  When they got there, Dan noticed that the lights in
the women's side were not on.  He told Betty that he would turn
them on for her.  The two of them entered the bath house and Dan
struck a match, lighting the room up so that he could find the
light switch, which he turned on.

	"Now I've gotta go do this on the other side," he said. 
"It's just as well that I came with you, cause I've gotta go
too."

	"Well, just use this side," Betty told him.  "There are two
toilets in here.  She entered one stall and Dan walked into the
stall next to her.  He unfastened his bathing suit and pushed the
front down, pulling his dick out.  He heard a low whistle and
looked at the partition between his stall and Betty's stall.  He
hadn't noticed when he came in, but the partition had a big hole
right in the middle of it.  He was standing there with his dick
out in plain view of Betty.  He could also see her.  She had
pulled her bikini bottom down and was sitting on the toilet with
her legs spread.  He could see right down between her legs and
was amazed to see that she had a shaved pussy!

	"Don't let me stop you," she told him.  "I like to watch a
guy piss."  Dan heard the sound of her piss hitting the water as
she cut loose.  Dan released his bladder and aimed the heavy
stream of pee at the toilet bowl, looking at Betty as he did. 
When he finished peeing, he shook his dick, which was beginning
to get stiff.  Betty giggled.

	"I like to watch a guy do that," she told him.  As Dan stood
and watched, Betty spread her legs and wiped her pussy.

	Dan suddenly moved out of the stall and into the adjacent
stall, standing right there in front of Betty, with his hard dick
sticking straight up out of the top of his bathing suit, which
was still pushed down almost to his balls.  Betty smiled at him,
reaching for his dick.  Dan moved up in front of her so that she
could get hold of it.  She slid her hand up and down the length
of it, then leaned back on the commode and spread her legs.

	"I've got a hot juicy hole down here that should just about
fit that big thing," she told him, reaching down and pulling her
pussy lips wide open.  Dan quickly knelt in front of her, pushing
his bathing suit down to his knees as he did.  Betty slid
forward, propping her plump ass on the forward rim of the toilet
seat.

	Dan quickly moved up close between her legs.  Taking his
dick in his hand, he rubbed the big head up and down in her hot
juicy slot then he slid the end straight down to her cunt hole. 
She grunted as he slid it smooothly home in her, sliding in all
the way to the balls.  He reached around her and unfastened her
bikini top, pulling it off and dropping it on the floor.

	Betty giggled, "I think this is the first time a guy ever
put his dick up my pussy before he got his hands on my tits."

	Dan chuckled and began to slide his dick in and out of her,
fucking her with the full length of it.

	Back at the pool, Ray returned and asked where Betty had
gone.  When Sarah told him that she had gone to take a pee and
that Dan had walked her to the bath house, Ray laughed.

	"I hope you don't mind your husband getting screwed by
another woman," Ray told her, "because there is no way she is
going to go to that bath house alone with him without getting in
his pants."

	"Well, they won't be the first ones to do it in there, will
they," Sarah told him.

	Ray chuckled, "You've got that right," he told her.

	A little while later, Dan and Betty came back down the road
and joined the others two at the table where they sat.  As Dan
sat down, he winked broadly at his wife.  Ray didn't miss the
wink, and he didn't miss the sleepy eyed look his wife always got
when she had just been screwed.

	"Well, I gather you like bald pussy," he grinned at Dan.

	Dan looked at him and smiled.  "We christened the women's
side, since you and Sarah had already done it in the men's side,"
he told Ray.

	It was well after dark when they decided to leave the pool. 
Sally asked Sarah about going to see the rag dolls again.  Jack
and May didn't want to go with them, so they headed up the road
to the campsite.  They stopped twice in the shadow of trees to
kiss.  The first time, Jack felt May's tits, and the second time,
he pulled the top of her bikini down and sucked her nipples.  She
pushed his head away and told him to wait until they got to the
trailer.  He dared her to go the rest of the way with her top
down off of her tits, and she laughed and took off running, her
little titties flopping in the moonlight.  Jack ran after her,
surprised at how fast she could run.  He caught her at the door
to the van.

	Jack wrapped his arms around her waist before she could get
in to door.  He pulled her back against him, with both arms
wrapped around her.  He kissed her on the neck.  She relaxed back
against him, feeling his hardon pressing against her ass through
both their bathing suits.  Jack slid his hands up and palmed her
little titties, squeezing them and pinching her nipples.

	"Jack, why don't we go inside?" May finally whispered.  Jack
released her and followed her into the big vehicle.  As soon as
they were inside, May lay down on the sofa and Jack stretched out
beside her.  She wrapped her arms around his neck as his lips
found hers and they began kissing passionately.

	May felt Jack's hands on her tits, squeezing and pressing
them.  It felt sooo gooood!  Then he slid down and began to suck
her tits, going from one to the other to lick her nipples, then
suck them.

	As he continued to suck on her tits, Jack slid his hand down
over May's flat belly to the top of her bikini bottom.  Not
hesitating, he slid his hand inside the waist band and straight
down between her legs.  She jerked as his finger found her clit,
already hard and standing up proudly.  He rubbed his finger back
and forth over it, causing little groans of pleasure to come from
her lips.  Then he slid his finger down into her wet, juicy slit
and right up her pussy hole.  She groaned as his finger slid in
and out of her wet cunt hole.

	May was really getting into this.  Jack's finer up her pussy
was driving her wild and his mouth sucking her tits wasn't
exactly turning her off, either.  She felt him raise up and pull
his finger out of her pussy.  She raised her hips to help him as
he tugged her bikini bottom down over her hips and off.  He
grasped his bathing suit and quickly stripped it down and off,
then he was lying beside her again, kissing her lips and sliding
his finger back up her pussy.  She just wrapped her arms tightly
around his neck and kissed back, licking his tongue as it flicked
in and out of her mouth.

	She felt Jack rolling on top of her.  He was still kissing
her but his finger wasn't in her pussy now.  Then she felt his
hard dick against her belly, then sliding down, the end of it
nestling in her thin pussy hair.  She felt it going down between
her legs.  She realized that she was about to get fucked!

	With a groan of passion, May pulled her legs up, bending
them at the knee and spread them wide.  She felt Jack's dick
between her legs.  It was sliding around all over the place. 
Then she felt him raise up a little and reach down between them. 
She felt the back of his hand against her mons as he guided his
dick to her wet slit.  She could feel his shaft sliding up and
down in her slit.  Then the end of it found her hole!  He pushed
gently and the end was actually in the mouth of her pussy!  He
pressed forward and it began to go in.  Then she felt a stab of
pain down there.  He pulled back a little and pressed forward
again, causing her to groan into his mouth.

	He pulled back again, then pushed forward hard.  She groaned
as her hymen stretched before the invading prick, then gave way. 
He slid in up to the balls!  He was in her, all the way!

	Jack couldn't believe it.  He had actually taken his
cousin's virginity.  His dick was buried up to the balls in her! 
And boy!  Was she tight!  And hot!  He couldn't believe how hot
her pussy was around his dick.  It was like he had it buried in
an over!  He held very still for a few moments, letting the
excitement of being in her pussy for the first time calm down. 
He didn't want to shoot too soon.  He wanted it to be good for
her.  After several moments, he felt like he was under control,
so he slowly withdrew his dick and slid it back in again.  When
he did, she moaned passionately into his mouth.

	May couldn't believe it.  He was screwing her!  She could
feel his big dick sliding in and out of her pussy!  It would pull
way out, almost coming out of her hole, then slide back in again,
all the way in.  It was the most wonderful thing she had ever
felt.  It was even better than getting her pussy sucked.

	May was so excited she was panting.  Jack was raised up on
his elbows now, his hips working as he pistoned his dick in and
out of her frothy, tight little pussy.  May's hands slid down
Jack's back to his hips, urging him on.

	Jack was in a sensual whirlwind.  He was trying desperately
not to let it get away from him.  His dick felt like it was
caught in a vise, but a hot oily vise.  He couldn't believe how
good it felt.  Bunny's pussy was like a cave compared to May's. 
He knew he couldn't hold out much longer.  He felt May's hands on
his hips, urging him on.  Then he felt her hands move around and
grab his ass.  Her fingers fastened tightly on his ass cheeks. 
Then, suddenly, she was jerking wildly on his ass, urging him to
pound into her.  A shreik came from her lips.  She was coming! 
Jack raised up even higher and suddenly began to drive his dick
into her really hard.  She screamed and jerked her legs upward,
opening her tight pussy wide to his slamming dick.  With a grunt
of release, Jack jammed his dick up to the balls in her and
erupted, shooting spurt after spurt of hot cum deep into her
virgin pussy.

	Through her delirium, May could feel Jack's dick jerking in
her pussy.  She felt the hot jets of come shooting deep into her. 
She wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled on his ass,
holding him tightly against her as the wave of passion swept over
her.  She felt him collapse on top of her, his breath coming in
gasps.

	Finally, Jack raised his head and looked at her.  She smiled
at him.

	"Oh, Jack," she crooned.  He grinned at her and kissed her
tenderly on the lips.

	Jack raised up and pulled his dick out of her pussy.  He sat
up and looked down at it.  It was standing open, his cum running
out of her hole and down her crack to her ass.  He gently reached
down and ran his finger up and down in her slit.

	"Am I bleeding any?" May asked him.

	"I don't see any," he told her.

	"I'd better go and wash it," she said.

	They both got up and Jack followed her into the tiny little
bathroom.  She turned on the water and wet a washcloth.  Jack
took it from her and she spread her legs.  He knelt in front of
her and gently washed her pussy.  When he finished, he planted a
kiss right on her cunt hole, causing her to gasp.

	"Now, let me wash you," she said, pulling him to a standing
position.  She knelt in front of him and gently washed his dick. 
She giggled when it began to get hard again.  She leaned forward
and suddenly took it into her mouth.  She sucked as much of it
into her mouth as she could get.  It hardened in her mouth, then
she let her lips slide slowly off of it and looked at it.

	"We'd better get dressed," she told him, standing up.  He
nodded agreement and they went back to the sofa and put their
bathing suits back on.  Jack turned on the TV and sat down beside
her, putting his arm around her shoulders.  She slid her hand
down to his crotch and gently squeezed his still half hard dick
through his suit.

	As they sat watching TV, May began to play with Jack's dick
through his bathing suit.  He moved so that she could get to it
easily, stretching his legs out in front of him.  His prick was
standing straight up in his bathing suit, reaching almost to the
waist band.  May was rubbing her hand up and down along the
length of the shaft, squeezing and playing with it.  Suddenly,
she pulled the waist band of his trunks out and down over the
front of his dick, letting it stick out of the top of the trunks.

	She slid down beside him and suddenly took as much of it as
she could into her mouth.  He groaned as her hot mouth engulfed
his prick.  She began to slide her mouth up and down on it,
sucking as she fucked his dick with her mouth.  He sat and
watched hier lips sliding up and down the shaft.  It occurred to
him that the others could come through the door at any minute,
but he didn't have the will power to stop her suctioning lips.

	May was also very aware that they could be discovered at any
moment.  The danger made it all the more exciting to her.  She
was determined to bring him off before they got caught.

	May was sucking hard, her head bobbing up and down as she
worked Jack's dick over.  Suddenly, he gave a groan and came in
her mouth, spurting his juice down her swallowing throat. 
Finally, she raised up and gave the end of his dick a kiss and
let the waist band of his trunks back up.  His dick was still
clearly outlined in the front of his trunks and she was wiping
her mouth with the back of her hand when the door opened and
Sarah came in, followed by Sally and Dan.

	Sarah didn't miss the guilty look on their faces or the
clear outline of Jack's dick in his trunks.  She knew they had
been up to something, but she wasn't sure how much they were up
to.  Sally also was aware, but she didn't know how far they had
gone either.  Dan also noticed his son's dick outlined in his
trunks and was sure that something had been going on.  He assumed
that jack had probably screwed his cousin or had been about to
screw her, but he wasn't sure.

	Sarah went into the kitchen and fixed a snack for them, then
told them that it was time to hit the sack.

	"Oh, boy, I guess I'll have to change in that tiny little
bathroom again," Jack moaned.

	"Oh, I don't guess there's any reason to do that," Sarah
laughed.  "I'm sure May is comfortable enough with us now not to
be embarassessed."  After saying this, she went into the back
section, leaving the curtain open as she peeled off her bathing
suit.  Dan was in the process of stripping his suit down.  Sally,
not one to miss a chance, kept an eye on her father as she peeled
of her suit top.  She wasn't disappointed.  Dan dropped his suit
and stood there in full view of both girls with his bare dick
hanging down between  his legs as he put on his pajama pants.

	Jack quickly skinned out of his suit and put on his pajamas. 
May, who was a little slower undressing, couldn't help sneaking a
glance at his dick, and she didn't miss seeing Dan's monster,
either.  Jack had his eyes on both girls as they undressed and
put their gowns on.  Jack also didn't miss his mother, as Sarah
stripped off her bathing suit and pulled on a short little gown. 
Sarah noticed that neither of the girls had put on panties with
their short gowns.

	Soon the trailer was quiet.  Jack lay there, listening to
the heavy breathing of the others.  He lay beside his sister,
snuggling up close to her.  It wasn't long before he heard the
regular snoring of his father in the other end of the big
vehicle.  He waited a little longer, listening carefully until he
was sure that he could also hear his mother's heavy breathing as
she slept beside her husband.

	When he was sure they were all asleep, he snuggled up
against Sally.  He was surprised to find that she was also awake. 
He slid his hand up under her gown to her pussy, finding that it
was nice and juicy.  Suddenly, Sally reached down and pulled his
hand away from her cunt and whispered in his ear, "Come on."  She
slipped quietly out of bed and Jack followed her.

	Sally eased the door open and led the way outside.  Jack
followed her as she led the way to the hammock.  She sat down in
the hammock and reached out and pulled Jack up against her,
spreading her legs and letting him hunch right up against her
pussy.  His dick instantly sprang to full attention.

	"Jack, did you and May screw tonight?" Sally asked him,
gasping with pleasure as he pushed her gown all the way up and
ran his palms over her tits.

	"Yeah, we did it," Jack told her.  "Now, I want to do it to
you."

	"I want to do it too, Jack," she told him, unsnapping his
pajama pants and letting them slide down to his ankles.  She took
hold of his hard dick, sliding her hand up and down along the
shaft.

	"Oh, wow," Jack exclaimed, slipping his hand up between his
sister's legs and pushing his finger straight up her juicy pussy.

	In the van, Sarah, raised up carefully and looked out the
window over the bed.  In the moonlight, she could see Sally
sitting in the hammock with Jack standing up close against her,
his dick sticking up between her legs.  Sarah could tell that
they were playing with each other.

	Sarah's movement had awakened Dan, and he raised up to see
what his wife was looking at.  He gasped when he saw his son
standing between his daughter's widespread legs playing with her
pussy while she played with his dick.

	"Are they gonna fuck?" he whispered.

	"Shhhh, don't wake May," Sarah told him.  "It sure looks
like it," she added.

	Outside, Sally was wanting Jack's dick up her pussy.  She
had laid in the bed thinking about this while waiting for
everyone to go to sleep, and she was hot and ready.  She reached
down and pulled Jack's finger out of her pussy, the pulled on his
dick.  As he moved up against her, she guided the end of his dick
to her pussy hole.  Jack couldn't believe it.  She had always
said she wouldn't let him do it to her, but she was actually
putting the end of his dick against her hole with her own hand.

	Jack reached down and hooked his arms under his sister's
knees, lifting her legs.  She lay back in the hammock, her hand
still holding his dick to her pussy entrance.  Jack began to push
his dick against his sister's hole.  The end went in, but he hit
her hymen, and he needed more leverage to get the rest of the way
in.  Releasing one leg, he reached up and grabbed her shoulder,
pulling her toward him as he suddenly jabbed his hips forward. 
That did it!  He heard her gasp of pain as he sank into her hot
cunt.

	Jack leaned forward over his sister, sliding his hands up
under her shoulders to stabilize her and the hammock.  She pulled
her legs up and spread them wide, offering him total access to
her tight hot pussy.

	Jack began to screw her, working his hips back and forth in
time with the movements of the hammock.  Sally groaned as she
felt his dick sliding in and out of her pussy.  She couldn't
believe that she was finally fucking her brother!

	Inside the trailer, Dan couldn't believe what was going on. 
Here he was, peering through a window watching his 15 year old
son screw his 14 year old daughter, and he was so excited by what
he was seeing that he could hardly stand it.  What's more, he was
wishing desperately that it was his dick sliding in and out of
his daughter's hot, tight pussy.  He glanced sideways at his wife
and saw that she also was extremely excited.  Her breath was
coming in excited gasps as she watched the action in the hammock. 
Dan suddenly realized that Sarah might even like to et screwed by
her son.  The thought of watching his son screw his wife excited
him even further.

	In the hammock, Sally was nearing orgasm.  Her brother's
prick was slamming in and out of her pussy furiously.  She could
feel his balls hitting the cheeks of her ass every time he thrust
it into her.  Her legs were pulled up high, wrapped around Jack's
waist.  Her pussy was wide open to his hard thrusts, taking every
inch he could get in.

	Jack was wild with excitement.  He had wanted to fuck Sally
for so long, and now he was actually doing it!   He was driving
his dick into her with wild abandon and she was taking it all and
loving it.  Her firm tits were rolling up and down on her chest
from the force of his humping.  He looked down and watched his
dick appear and disappear in the red curles between her legs.  In
the moonlight, he could see his dick glistening with the juice
which coated it.

	Suddenly, Sally grabbed his ass and pulled him hard against
her, moaning as she came!  Jack threw his head back and snorted
through his nose as his dick spewed spurt after spurt of his cum
deep into his climaxing sister's tight virgin pussy.

	Dan and Sarah watched silently as the kids slowly
disentangled themselves from each other and came back toward the
van.  When they slipped quietly inside and back into bed, there
was no sign that their parents were wide awake.  The curled up
together and were soon asleep.

	Early the next morning, May was awakened by movement in the
room.  She saw Dan looking through the window next to the door.

	"What are you looking at?" she asked, raising up in bed.

	"Shhhh," Dan whispered to her.  "There is a deer and two
fawns out here."  May jumped out of bed and rushed to the window. 
She got there just in time to see a shadow disappear into the
brush.

	"Ohh, I missed them."

	"Maybe if we went out, we might catch a glimpse of them,"
Dan said.  "Everybody else is asleep, nobody will miss us."

	"OK, let me put some clothes on," May said.

	"Aw, it's too early to run into anybody," Dan said. 
"They'll be miles from here if we wait."

	Dan had on nothing but pajama pants and May had on a gown. 
She realized as they went out the door that she didn't even have
on any panties.  Dan led the way as they made their way into the
bushes, going in the direction the deer had gone.  After several
minutes of moving through the brush, Dan suddenly came to a stop. 
May moved up beside him.  They peered around a tree and saw a doe
and two fawns drinking from a small stream.  They stood, frozen
in their tracks for several minutes, watching the animals. 
Suddenly, the doe raised her head, sniffed the air and looked
directly at them!  In a flash, all three were gone, almost
seeming to dematerialize into the woods.

	"Wow, that was something," May breathed.

	"Yeah, they were beautiful," Dan agreed with her.  He
glanced down at his niece, dressed only in a thin gown and
decided that the deer weren't the only thing that was beautiful. 
In coming through the brush, May's gown, which buttoned up the
front, had come unbuttoned down well between her titties.  May
saw where he was looking and looked down, suddenly realizing that
her gown was haning open far lower than it should have been for
modesty's sake.

	"Uncle Dan," she giggled.  "You are staring at me."

	"Sorry, May," Dan replied, still looking.

	May glanced down at his crotch and saw that his pajamas were
beginning to bulge out!

	"Dan!" she giggled.  "You're getting a hardon."  Dan just
laughed and May reached up and slowly pulled the unbuttoned gown
over to expose one of her firm little titties.  Dan moved up to
