Subject: may1.txt (Mf, ff, Mff, pedo, inc, cons, S/M)
Date: Fri, 06 Sep 1996 02:36:17 GMT
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest

*************************************************************

                  MR DOUBLE DISCLAIMER
*************************************************************

The following story describes GRAPHIC SEXUAL
situations which are INTENDED TO BE READ BY ADULTS ONLY.

MR DOUBLE is the Poster, the Author NOT.

***************************************************************
       Enjoy !           *---(:>     Mr Double     <:)---*
***************************************************************


                         MAY

     May lay very still.  She knew she was seeing something which she
wasn't
supposed to see.  A light shone dimly in the other end of the darkened
Winnebago.  She could see her aunt and uncle lying side by side on the
double bed.  Sarah, her mother's sister, and Dan, Sarah's husband,
were
kissing.  They were lying on top of the cover, with their feet towards
where
May lay in the sofa bed with her two cousins, Jack and Sally.  May
could see
that the two adults were dressed for bed, and they were just lying
there
together with their arms around each other kissing.

     May couldn't believe that she was here.  She hadn't seen her
cousins in several years, but two weeks ago, her Aunt Sarah had
called her mother and asked if May would like to go on vacation
with them.  Her mother had agreed and they had stopped in the
middle of the night to pick her up at her house.  They were going
to drive during the night so that they would be at the camping
park before morning.  Her mother was supposed to drive down in a
few days to join them.  Her two cousins, 15 year old Jack and 14
year old Sally, had been sacked out on the sofa bed in the middle
of the travel vehicle when she got on board.  They had waked up
and the three of them had talked and giggled for a while before
going to sleep.  They had just fallen asleep in their clothes
there on the sofa bed together.  May was on the right side of the
bed, towards the back of the vehicle, Sally was in the middle,
and Jack was snoring on the other side of Sally.

     May had half-waked when she felt the big Winnebago bumping
over rough terrain.  Shortly after this she had been vaguely
aware of her aunt and uncle moving past where they slept to the
back of the trailer, and realized that they must have reached
their destination.  She had just about dozed back off when she
heard her aunt giggle.  She had peeked to see what was going on
and discovered that they were smooching.  Her aunt had on a short
gown and her uncle had on pajamas.  Now as she watched, she saw
Dan sliding his hands all over Sarah's big tits, and then she saw
him pull the strap of her gown down and take hold of her bare
tit.  As she watched, she saw him lower his head to her breast.
With his head in the way, she couldn't be too sure, but she had
the impression that he was kissing her tits.  Dan slid down on
the bed a little, and, as he moved, his crotch came into May's
view.  She almost gasped aloud at what she saw.  His pajama pants
were bulging!  From the way his pants were sticking out, she knew
he had an "erection" as the books on sex called it.  Then she saw
him slide his hand up between Sarah's legs, pulling her gown up
as he did so.  When he reached her crotch, she opened her legs
and May saw him slide his finger right up inside of her pussy!
From the angle she had, she could actually see his finger
disappear through the black hair and go up her slit.  She saw her
aunt reach down and slide her hand inside the waist of Dan's
pajama pants.  From the way Sarah's hand was moving back and
forth, May knew that her aunt was stroking Dan's penis.  She held
her breath as she watched.

     After several minutes, she saw her uncle raise up and slide
over on top of her aunt.  She saw her aunt pushing his pajamas
down, and she almost gasped when his butt came into view.  She
had never seen a man's butt, and she was very excited at getting
to view her uncle's.  She realized that she was "sexually
aroused" as the books called it.  She knew her virgin 13 year old
pussy was wet with juice.  She had played with her pussy enough
to know the excited feeling.

     She saw her aunt pull her legs up, her knees sticking up on
each side of her uncle's thighs.  She knew that they were about
to have sex, or "fuck" as some of her more experienced friends at
school called it.

     May saw her uncle's buttocks tighten as he pushed against
her aunt, and she realized that he must have just put his penis
inside of her vagina.  May almost giggled out loud.  She was
thinking in the terms which she had seen in the books.  Her
friend, Jill, would have said that he just stuck his dick in her
pussy.  As she watched, she saw her uncle's buttocks tighten and
relax as he thrust into his wife and then withdrew.  May lay very
still and watched his butt, looking at the way the muscles
tightened and relaxed as he repeatedly thrust and withdrew,
thrust and withdrew.  Dan was doing it faster now.  His buttocks
were clenching and relaxing at a much faster rate.  She could
hear her aunt sort of moaning and groaning in time with Dan's
thrusts.  It sounded like her aunt was really enjoying what she
was getting.  May saw Sarah's hands slide down over Dan's ass.
Sarah had hold of his butt checks, pulling and pushing,
encouraging him in his thrusts.  Suddenly, she saw her aunt's
legs jerk upward and heard her begin to kind of moan and cry.
She say her uncle shove forward hard and hold tight up against
her.  His buttocks were clenched tightly and she could hear him
gasping and groaning.  She realized that they must be "climaxing"
and that his organ must be shooting his stuff up inside of her.

     After a few moments, they lay still.  May was hoping that
her uncle would raise up and that she would see his dick when he
pulled it out of her aunt, but they just lay there.  May drifted
off to sleep before the couple moved, so she didn't get to see
Dan raise up and slide off of Sarah and pull his pajamas up.

     May was awakened by a hand shaking her shoulder.

     "May, rise and shine," she heard Sarah's voice.  Sleepily,
May rolled over onto her back.  She had been having the most
wonderful dream.  She had been watching her uncle's bare butt,
thrusting and pushing.  But it had been her he was thrusting and
pushing into!

     Looking around, she saw that Sally was sitting up beside
her, rubbing her eyes and Jack was sitting on the side of the
sofa bed on the other side of Sally.  Sarah laughed at them.

     "You guys got a lot more sleep than we did last night, and
we're having to wake you up," she laughed at them.  "Come on,
I've got breakfast ready."  She motioned toward the front of the
vehicle, and May saw that the booth-like table was set with bacon
and eggs.  Dan was putting forks on the table.  The kids didn't
need any more encouragement.  All three of them scrambled off the
bed and headed for the table.

     After breakfast, they all went out together to look around
the camping park.  They were parked in a wooded section near a
river.  There was only one other vehicle in that section of the
park, a big conversion van, parked three campsites away.  There
was a small building next to the conversion van which May guessed
was some sort of bath house.  Their campsite was all the way on
the end of the row, and it had a picnic table and a campfire
circle.

     They walked down the road past the conversion van and when
they rounded a curve in the drive, May saw a swimming pool ahead.
Beyond the swimming pool, there were more campsites, and what
looked like a lodge.  They walked on down to the swimming pool,
and discovered that there was a concession stand alongside it.
The kids went around to inspect the pool while Dan and Sarah
walked on down to the lodge.

     "Hey, look over there," Jack whispered to the girls.  He was
looking back up the road in the direction of their campsite.  The
girls saw another girl coming down the road.  The new girl was a
cute looking blond, a little on the chubby side.  The thing which
had attracted Jack was her figure.  She had large bouncy tits
which were threatening to fall out of the skimpy halter top which
she was wearing.  Her shorts were so tight that it looked like
she had been poured into them.

     "Jack's hormones are acting up," Sally giggled to May as the
girl approached them.

     "Hi," she said as came up to them.  She looked to be about
15 years old, and was quite pretty in spite of being just a
little heavy.  May and Sally realized that her greeting was
really directed to Jack, but they all responded.  They found that
she was from the conversion van which they had passed on the way
down, and that she was there with her mother and father, who were
still asleep.  Her name was Bunny, and she had been hoping that
someone else her age would show up soon.  Again, she seemed much
more interested in Jack than in the other girls.  They talked to
Bunny until Dan and Sarah came out of the lodge and called them.

     "Bunny's hormones are acting up, too," Sally giggled to May
as they trotted over to where the grownups were waiting.

     "The bath house is available for us to use," Sarah told
them, "so we won't be stuck with the tiny shower in the bus.
"Besides the van we passed, we're the only ones on our side of
the swimming pool right now."

     They looked around the area some more, then they all headed
back for the campsite except Jack, who was over by the pool
talking to Bunny again.

     Dan and Sarah were walking several yards ahead of the girls,
with their arms around each other.

     "I wonder how they are going to manage being in that trailer
with us for a whole week," Sally giggled to May.

     "What do you mean?" May asked.

     "Well, they like to screw a lot," Sally explained.  "Jack
and I hear them going at it almost every night.  I wonder how
they are going to manage with us in the same room with them."

     May giggled and whispered what she had seen the night before
to Sally.  Sally got very excited, wanting to know all the
details.  She was disappointed when May confessed that she had
not seen Dan's prick.

     "You should see it," she whispered.  "It's huge!  Much
bigger than Jack's!"

     "You've seen them?" May asked.

     "Sure," Sally replied.  "Well, I've never seen Dad's hard,
but it's bigger soft than Jack's is when he's got a hardon," she
giggled.

     "You've seen Jack's hard?"  May asked with disbelief.

     "Yeah, and you probably will too, before this week is out,"
she giggled.  "And I'll bet Bunny will see it too, if Jack has
anything to say about it," she laughed.

     When they came up to the bath house, Sally called out to her
parents that they were going to stop there.

     "I've gotta pee," Sally told May.  May was feeling the urge,
too, so the two girls went into the ladies side of the bath
house.  When they got inside, they realized that they could hear
a shower running.  It seemed to be coming from the men's side.
Sally held her finger up to her lips, indicating to May to be
quiet.  May wondered what her cousin was up to.  She followed as
Sally moved silently into the shower area.  She seemed to be
looking at the wall separating the men's and women's areas, then
she grinned and motioned to May to follow her.  She moved right
up to the wall and pointed to two holes in the wall.  She bent
down and peered through one of the holes.  May bent over and
looked through the other hole.  What she saw made her blood boil
up!  There was a naked man in the other side, standing under the
shower.  He was on the other side of the shower from the wall and
had his back to the girls.  May could see his butt, all hairy and
hard looking.  As they watched, he turned around and faced
directly towards the girls!  They could see his prick, hanging
down between his legs.  To May, it seemed huge.  The man, who
looked to be about the same age as Dan, was soaping his stomach.
He slid his hand down to his crotch and began to soap his large
hairy balls.  Then his hand came up and encircled his large
organ, sliding up and down along the length of it, covering it
with soap.  As the girls watched, they saw his prick beginning to
stiffen as his hand slid up and down it.  It got stiffer and
stiffer, rising up until it extended straight out from his
crotch.  May couldn't see as well as she would have liked to,
because of the soap covering it and his hand sliding up and down
on it.  However, she could see the large purple knob, coming into
view each time the man's hand moved down towards the base of the
huge shaft.  After several moments, the man turned back towards
the shower head and began to wash the soap off of his body.  When
he turned back around again, the girls saw that his dick had
softened, and was now pointing out and down, rather than standing
up as it had been.  The man turned back toward the shower head
again, and let the water run over him a few more moments, then he
turned the water off.  He moved out of their view through the
door into the main dressing area.

     Sally quickly moved out of the shower area and began to
search the wall in the main dressing area.  Finally, she spotted
some more peep holes.  The girls found, though, when they looked
through, that the man had finished drying himself off and was
putting his clothes on.  They watched until he had completely
dressed, and they saw him leave the bath house.

     As soon as he had gone, May suddenly realized that she was
becoming desperate to pee.  Evidently, Sally was feeling the same
way, because both girls rushed into the stalls to do their
business.  When May came out, she met Sally coming out of the
next stall.

     "Wow, did you see the size of his dick?"  Sally giggled.

     "Yeah," May replied.  "But how did you know about the knot
holes?"

     "Oh, there are always peep holes between the men's and
women's sides in these places," Sally told her.  "I've peeked
through lots of them."

     "Hey, that means that they can peek at us, too," May
suddenly realized.

     "Oh yeah, I've been peeked at lots of times," Sally told
her.  "I usually give them a good show when I know they're
watching."  May couldn't believe her ears, but the idea sounded
so exciting that she hoped she would get a chance to show herself
off.

     "I'll bet that was Bunny's dad,"  Sally guessed as they
walked back toward the campsite.  They didn't get a chance to
discuss it any further at the moment, though, because Sarah came
out of the vehicle as they approached, and called for them to
hurry and help them set up camp.

     They busied themselves getting folding chairs and other
equipment out of the vehicle and setting up camp.  Jack returned
and joined in the work.  He and Dan hung a large hammock between
two trees while the females arranged the camp furniture around
the entrance to the big camping bus.  May noticed that, for some
reason, Dan seemed to have selected a place to hang the hammock
which was isolated from view.  It was in behind some trees and
bushes, and was visible only from the bus.

     After they had finished arranging the campsite, Sarah
commented that she could use a shower and asked the girls if they
would like to join her.  They got their clothes and towels and
walked down to the bath house.  May was thinking about the holes
in the wall, and she was sure that Sally was thinking the same
thing.  She decided that she was going to watch the holes to see
if she could tell if anyone was watching.

     The three of them quickly undressed and went into the shower
area.  It was one big area, and was not divided into stalls.  May
turned on the shower and began soaping herself, keeping an eye on
the knotholes across the room.  Sally was using the shower head
next to her and Sarah was just beyond Sally.  Sarah was a tall,
well-built woman.  Her tits were large and firm, jutting out
proudly from her chest.  Her stomach was slightly rounded, and
the juncture of her legs was covered with a thick bush of jet
black curls. Sally, like her mother, was tall, with firm tits
standing up proudly, accented by her flat youthful stomach.
Unlike Sarah, who was a brunette, Sally was a redhead like her
father.  Her auburn curls were matched by a thin covering of rust
colored curls between her legs.  May, being a year younger than
Sally, was not as well endowed.  Her titties were much smaller,
being about the size of oranges, but her nipples were very large
and puffy, about like silver dollars, almost covering her still
developing titties.  Her cunthair below her flat stomach, was
almost nonexistent, being a thin growth of short blonde curls.

     As May lathered her tits, she glanced at the peepholes again.
She
thought she saw a movement behind one of the holes!  Being careful not
to appear to be staring, she looked closer.  Yes!  She was sure she
could
make out an eye behind one of the holes!  Someone was watching!  She
glanced at Sally.  Sally looked at her and nodded imperceptibly at the
hole.  Yes, Sally had seen it too.

     May kept her front towards the hole, lathering her titties
and squeezing them, aware that her large nipples were becoming
quite hard.  She glanced at Sally and saw that she was facing
directly toward the peep hole and was washing her pussy, her legs
slightly apart, giving the watcher a look directly between her
legs.  Sarah, beyond Sally, had her back to the peep hole.  She
dropped her soap on the floor and bent over to pick it up, with
her ass pointing straight toward the hole.  May realized that
whoever was watching was getting a perfect look up between
Sarah's legs.  When Sarah straightened up, May saw her glance
toward the far wall.  Well, how about that, Aunt Sarah knew they
were being watched and she was showing off, too.  For several
minutes, all three females continued to wash themselves and
expose themselves to the unseen watcher.  Finally, they turned
off the water and moved to the dressing area.  May sat on a
bench, with her knees straight toward the holes in the wall
across the room.  She saw movement behind a hole and spread her
legs, drying her pussy in full view of the watcher!

     When they were dressed, the three girls casually gathered up
their things and walked out the door into the fresh sunshine.

     When they were alone, May and Sally talked about what had
happened in the shower.  Sally agreed with May that her mother
had been aware of the watcher and had deliverately exposed
herself.  The girls decided that it must have been Bunny's
father, because both Jack and Dan were stretched out on lounge
chairs at the campsite when they got back there.

     After lunch, the kids decided that they wanted to go swimming.
Dan
and Sarah said they would "take a nap" while the kids were gone.  They
got
their bathing suits and headed for the pool.

     "Well, Mom and Dad will be going at it while we are gone," Sally
said as they walked along together.

     "Yeah," Jack agreed.  "Don't you wish you could see them do it?"

     "May saw them," Sally told him.  Jack got very excited and
wanted to know about it.  At their insistence, May recounted
everything she had seen in the darkened trailer.  She saw Jack's
pants bulging as she told the story.  Sally saw it too.

     "Jack," she giggled.  "You had better cool off before we get
to the pool, or they might not let you in."

     Jack just grinned and reached down and pushed his bulging
lump down.

     The girls went into the girls side of the dressing room and
changed into their swimming suits.  When they emerged from the
dressing room, they found Jack already in the pool.  They both
jumped into the water and soon were splashing and playing in the
water.  There was no one else in at the time, so they had the
pool all to themselves.  They were chasing each other around,
splashing and dunking each other.  May and Sally had teamed up on
Jack and had succeeded in dunking him twice.  When he came up the
second time, he reached for Sally, but she got away.  Suddenly
turning on May, he grabbed her around the waist and fell
backwards, taking them both underwater.  When they surfaced,
laughing and blowing water, May was aware that Jack still had his
arms around her waist.  He pulled her back against him.  She
suddenly became very aware of something pressing against her
butt.  She realized that he had a hardon.  She could feel it
pushing against her.  He slid one hand up, under the water and
she suddenly felt his hand close on her left tit through her
bathing suit.

     "Jack," she giggled.  Sally came back up beside them.  She
saw Jack's hand on May's tit under the surface of the water.

     "Copping a feel, Jack?" she asked.

     "Sure," he replied, giving May's tit a squeeze.

     "Better not let your girlfriend see you doing that," Sally
told him, nodding toward the end of the pool.  Bunny had just
emerged from the dressing room door, dressed in the most skimpy
bikini that May had ever seen.  Jack's hand immediately left
May's tit and he swam off toward the end of the pool toward Bunny.

     "Too bad she showed up right then," Sally said.  "I think
things were about to get really interesting.  Did he have a hardon?"

     "Yeah, I could feel it up against my butt," May told her.

     "Well, we'll get some action from him, but I think we're
going to have to share him with Bunny," Sally observed.

     The two girls got out of the water and got cokes from a
machine and sat down at a round table by the pool.  They sat and
watched Jack and Bunny wrestling around in the water.  May could
see that Jack had a big hardon when he surfaced once and rolled
momentarily onto his back.  May also saw that Bunny didn't miss
the show he had given for her.  The two kids in the water continued
to splash and wrestle around for a while, then they moved up to the
side of the pool next to where the girls were sitting.  Bunnie was up
against the side of the pool, and Jack was against her back.  Both
girls knew that he was rubbing his hardon up against her ass.  She
pretended to be talking to Sally and May, but the girls could tell
that she was having a hard time concentrating on the conversation.

     Finally, Sally suggested to May that they get out and go
explore the rest of the camp.  May agreed and Jack and Bunny
didn't seem to be sorry to see them go.

     They went into the dressing room and got their clothes.
Sally suggested, with a twinkle in her eye, that they go to the
bath house to change back into their clothes.

     As soon as the girls entered the bath house, they checked
out the peep holes.  They were disappointed to find that the
other side was not occupied at the moment.  They then proceeded
to get dressed.  May was wearing a shortsleeved blouse and blue
jeans over her bra and panties, and Sally was wearing a
sleeveless blouse and short shorts over bikini panties with no
bra.  They had just finished dressing when Sally suddenly held
her finger to her lips.  They listened and heard whispers coming
through the wall.  They went into the shower area and discovered
that the sound was coming from behind the bath house.

     "It's Jack and Bunny," Sally whispered in May's ear.  "Let's
sneak around and see what they are doing."

     The girls went out the door and make their way around behind
the bath house, cirling back through the woods to come up behind
the building.  Peeking through some bushes, they saw Jack and
Bunny right up against the bath house.  Bunny was leaning with
her back up against the wall and Jack was in front of her.  He
was kissing her and he had one strap of her suit top down.  He
had her big tit in his hand, pressing and rolling it around while
he kissed her.  Then he bent down and took her nipple in his
mouth and started sucking on it.  From their vantage point, the
girls could see that the front of Jack's bathing suit was bulging
almost to the point of bursting.

     As Jack sucked Bunny's tit, he began to slide one hand down
over her stomach.  When he reached the top of her bikini bottoms
he slid his hand inside and straight down between her legs.  Even
though the material of her suit was in the way, the girls could
see that he was sliding his finger around in her slit.  Then his
hand moved even deeper down in her suit.

     "He's got his finger up her pussy," Sally whispered to May.
Sure enough, that is exactly where Jack's finger was.  He was
sliding it slowly in and out of her pussy, his hand moving in her
bikini as he fingered her.  While he was doing that to her, she
reached down and began to squeeze his dick through his bathing
suit.  She slid her hand up to the top of his suit and was just
about to put her hand down the front of his suit when a voice
began calling Bunny's name.  It was a woman's voice, obviously
Bunny's mom, and it was coming from the direction of the
conversion van.  Bunny jumped and reached down and pulled Jack's
hand out of her bikini.  She quickly pulled her strap up and
disappeared around the side of the bath house toward the women's
entrance, so that it would appear that she was coming from the
women's side of the bath house when she emerged into view.

     Jack was standing there looking very forlorn.  Sally giggled
and grabbed May's hand and emerged from their hiding place.  "Too
bad," she told Jack.  "You were just about to score."

     Jack jumped.  "You were spying on me."

     "Aw, you know you don't care," Sally said coming up beside him.

     Jack laughed.  "Of all the dumb luck, her mother would have
to call her right then."

     "Yeah, left you with a big hardon, didn't she,"  Sally
laughed at him.  Then she and May turned and went around the side
of the bath house, leaving him standing there.

     When they got back to the campsite, they found Dan and Sarah
stretched out in a couple of the lounge chairs.  Jack came into
camp a few minutes later.  Sarah asked if they had enjoyed their
swim, but did not ask why they had come back separately.

     After supper, they all sat around the table in the front of
the vehicle and played cards until about 10 o'clock.  Sarah told
them that she and Dan were going to a late night party at the
lodge.  They said they thought they would go to bed, since it had
been a long day.

     Sarah suggested to Jack that he get ready for bed in the
small bathroom in the vehicle, out of deference to May's modesty.

     "At least until she gets used to us," Sarah told him.
"After all, she isn't used to our casual ways.  I hope you don't
mind the three of you sleeping in one bed," she told May, "but
Jack will be on the other side of Sally from you."

     "I'm not as shy as Mother may have led you to believe, Sarah,"
May told her aunt.

     Jack went into the little bathroom, and Dan went back into
the back bedroom.  The girls quickly shed their clothes and put
on their sleep wear, Sally wearing a babydoll pajama set and May
putting on a gown and matching panties.  When Jack came out of
the bathroom, he had on a pair of pajama bottoms with no shirt.
The three kids piled up in bed, with Sally in the middle, and
Sarah and Dan left for the party.

     The kids lay quietly for several minutes.  Finally, Sally
broke the silence.

     "Jack, I'm surprised you aren't slipping out to see Bunny,"
she said.

     "She had to go into town with her folks to visit somebody
tonight," he said.

     "You almost got her this afternoon,"  Sally grinned at him.

     "Yeah, a few more minutes," Jack said wistfully.

     "I noticed you were pretty interested in May's titties until
Bunny showed up at the pool," Sally continued.

     Jack was raised up on one elbow, looking across his sister
at May.  "Yeah, you've got nice tits, May," he told her.

     Both girls laughed.  Sally pointed down at Jack's bulging
pajamas.  "Why don't you show her that and maybe she'll show you
her tits," Sally suggested.

     "How about it, May?" asked Jack.  "Will you show me your
tits if I show you my dick?"

     May looked at the bulging pajama pants.  "I guess so," she
replied.

     Jack reached down and unsnapped his pajama pants.  He opened
them wide and his dick popped out into the open, sticking
straight up toward his belly button.  Quickly, he stripped the
pants down off of his feet and kicked them off onto the floor.

     "Wow," breathed May, staring at his dick.  She could see the
veins bulging in the shaft with the swollen purplish-red knob on
the end.  Jack reached down and wrapped his fingers around the
shaft, slowly sliding his hand up and down along the shaft.

     "Now, show me your tits," he said.

     "Sally has got to show hers, too," May said.

     "Sure," Sally said taking hold of her pajama top and pulling
it off over her head with one smoothe movement.  "Now, your turn."

     May got up on her knees and took the bottom of her gown in
her hands.  Slowly, she pulled it up and pulled it off over her
head.

     "Wow, May, they're beautiful," Jack said, staring at her.
May blushed hotly.  "You're both beautiful," Jack said, looking
at his sister.  "Now show me your pussies."

     Sally lay back on her back and slowly pushed her panties
down.  When she had them all the way off, she spread her legs and
reached down and used her fingers to pull her pussy wide open,
revealing the pink folds inside.  Jack's fist was sliding up and
down his dick with a regular rhythym, stroking up and down as he
looked at his sister's pussy.

     "Now, show him yours," Sally told May.

     May lay down on her back and reached down to take hold of her
panties.

     "Let me do it," Jack said.  He crawled over the prone Sally,
his dick bobbling up and down as he moved.  He knelt on his knees
beside May and took hold of the waistband of her bikini panties.
Slowly, he began pulling them down.  He gasped as her pussy came
into view.  Then he pulled the panties all the way down and off
over her feet.  He sat back on his heels, looking down at his
pretty cousin's pussy.  Then he stretched out on his side between
the two girls, propping himself up on one elbow, looking at May.
Sally raised up and looked down at Jack's dick.

     "Why don't you jack off for us?" she suggested.

     "OK, if both of you will finger yourselves for me," he said.

     "Sure, we'll do that, won't we, May?" Sally agreed.

     "Yeah, I guess so," May said.  "You go first," she suggested
to Sally.

     "OK," Sally agreed.  She flopped down on her back and spread her
legs.
The other two kids raised up so they could see, and Sally began
stroking her
pussy with her fingertip.  She slowly began to let the tip of her
finger
delve down into her crack, tickling her hard clitoris.  Then, she used
her
fingers to pull her pussy wide open, showing the juicy pink interior.
Then, using the forefinger of one hand to rub her clit, she slid the
other
hand down and began to slide the fingertip down into her cunthole.
Stroking
and fingering, she began to get more and more excited, playing with
herself
while the other two watched.  Then, suddenly, she became very red in
the
face, and climaxed, arching her back and shoving her finger all the
way up
into her pussy.  Finally, she lay back, breathing hard.

     "Now, you do it, Jack," May said.

     "You first," Jack said.

     "No, you do it, then I'll do it," May said.

     Jack slid off of the bed and stood at the foot of the bed facing
the
girls.  They lay on their stomachs and watched as his hand began to
slide up
and down his hard dick.  Faster and faster his fist pumped on his
dick, until
he was nearly jacking himself into a frenzy.  The girls watched with
mounting
excitement, as they waited for the eruption.  They didn't have long to
wait.
Suddenly, Jack thrust forward, his dick sticking out through his
grasping
fist.  It was almost like his dick had erupted, a huge glob of white
stuff
shooting out the end and landing on the bed.  Jack groaned as another
spurt
shot out, landing just short of where the first had hit.  Spurt after
spurt
shot out, flying through the air.  Finally, the spurts turned to a
dribble
and stopped.

     Sally jumped off of the bed and grabbed a towel, handing it
to Jack.  He wiped his hand and dick off, then wiped up the
puddling come from the bed.

     "Now, May, its your turn," Jack said.  May lay back on the
bed and spread her legs wide.  Jack stood at the end of the bed,
looking right up between her legs while Sally lay beside her,
watching intently.
 May slid her hands down between her legs and slowly pulled
her pussy open for them to see.  She was feeling very excited,
and she knew that her p say a word, he just walked slowly toward her.
Her eyes were drawn to the huge bulge between his legs.  She sat
still until he stood in front of her.  He extended his hand to
her and she took it.  He pulled her to a standing position and
immediately kissed her.

     There she stood, with her shorts and panties still down around
her
ankles, being kissed by a man she had never really met before.  Sarah
couldn't believe it.  This was more like one of her wild fantasies
than
reality.  She felt his hands close on her breasts, cupping them and
feeling
them through her blouse.  She wasn't wearing a bra, and she knew that
he
could feel her nipples hardening through the material of the blouse.

     Finally, his lips left hers and he unbuttoned her blouse.
He pulled it wide open, exposing her beautiful breasts to his
view.  She knew that he had seen them before, through the
knothole in the wall.  She moaned as his hands closed on her
boobs, palming and rolling them on her chest.  She felt his hand
slide down over her belly, straight down between her legs.  His
finger slipped down into her crack, finding her clit.  She moaned
as he rubbed her clit, then slid his finger farther down and up
into her cunt hole.  Her pussy was creaming around the invading
finger.

     May had entered the other side of the bath house.  She was
about to pull her shorts down to pee when she heard a moan
through the wall.  Her need was immediately forgotten!  She moved
quickly to a knothole and looked through.  She couldn't believe
her eyes.  There was her aunt, standing kind of spraddle legged
with Bunny's father's finger up her pussy!  As May watched, she
saw Sarah reach down and unfasten the man's pants, pushing them down.

     Like father, like daughter, Sarah thought to herself as she
found that he didn't have on any underwear.  She wrapped her
fingers around the huge dick standing straight up in front of his
belly.  Slowly, she slid her hand up and down along the length of
it, naturally timing her strokes with the strokes of his finger
in her pussy.

     He stepped back, reaching down and freeing his feet from his
pants.  Then he gently turned her around so that she had her back
to him.  She stepped out of her shorts and panties and leaned
over, bracing her hands on the toilet tank.  He moved in close
behind her, taking hold of her hips.  Sarah spread her legs and
reached back between them and took hold of the mighty weapon
pointing at her.  She guided it straight to it's target and
gasped in pleasure as he sank the full length up in her pussy
with one thrust.

     May was watching excitedly, as she saw the man starting to
screw her aunt.  From her position, she could actually see his
dick going in and out of her, because the knot hole through which
she was looking was low and they were facing directly away from
her and really quite close to her.

     Sarah couldn't believe she was doing this.  Here she was,
leaning over a commode with a stranger's dick sliding in and out
of her pussy!  And it felt soooo gooooood!  He was really balling
her now.  His hard thrusts were shaking her all over.  From her
position, May could see her aunt's tits shaking as the man rammed
her.  Sarah could feel the climax coming.  Then suddenly, she was
there!  And so was he!  She could feel him spurting in her as he
grunted in her ear.

     May watched the man pull out of his aunt then help her to
straighten up.  Then he moved up to the toilet and stood right
there and started to piss.  She heard her aunt giggle and saw her
reach down and take hold of his prick and aim it.  When he finished
peeing, she saw her aunt shake it and then give it a little pat.

     When the couple in the other room had dressed and left, May
quickly relieved her bladder and headed back to camp.  When she
got there, she found Sarah stretched out on a lounge chair
looking like she was totally relaxed.  Dan was asleep in the
hammock and Jack and Sally were sitting on the couch (folded up
during the daytime) in the vehicle watching tv.  When she came in,
she found that Sally had told Jack that they had watched him and
Bunny.

     "Say, what took you so long to get back from the bath house?"
Sally
asked her.

     May hesitated, then told them about seeing Bunny's dad screw
Sarah.  Jack and Sally couldn't believe their ears.

     "Wow, I knew Mom was hot to trot, but I thought it was only
for Dad," Jack said.

     "Well, why shouldn't she want it?" Sally said.  "After all,
you want to get in every girl's pants that you meet."

     "Oh, I think it's fantastic," Jack said.

     "Yeah, so I see," Sally replied, looking at his bulging
crotch.  "And so soon after Bunny, too."  Jack laughed and
reached down and rubbed his hardon through his pants.

     The kids quickly quieted down when they heard someone at the
door.  Dan came in and flopped down beside them to watch tv so
they didn't get to talk about it anymore.

     A little while later, Sarah came into the vehicle.

     "Dan, we told that lady on the other side of the park that
we would bring Sally down to look at her doll collection this
afternoon," she reminded her husband.

     "Oh, yeah," Dan groaned.

     Sarah explained to Sally that they had met a lady with some
rag dolls for sale.  Sally collected them and was eager to go to
see them.

     "Do you want to go, May?" she asked.

     "Uh, I don't think so, if you don't mind," May replied.

     "We'll be back in about an hour," Sarah told Jack and May.
"When Sally gets to looking at rag dolls, we have a hard time
getting her to leave."

     The three of them left and May was alone in the bus with
Jack.  They sat there for a few minutes watching TV.  Then,
suddenly, Jack slid over next to May and put his arm around her
shoulder.  May looked at him and smiled.  Jack leaned over and
kissed her right on the lips.

     May liked the feeling of Jack's lips on hers.  They were
soft and warm and it did something to her.  Jack continued to
kiss her, opening his mouth and slipping his tongue between her
lips.  She extended the tip of her tongue and flicked his tongue
with hers.

     The two kids continued to kiss, openmouthed and hard.  As
they kissed, both of them began to gasp for breath.  Finally,
their lips parted and they looked at each other.

     "Wow," May exclained.

     "Did you like that?" Jack asked.

     "Ummmhmmm," May replied, leaning forward for him to kiss her
again.  Their lips began to work against each other, their
tongues twisting and licking at each other.  May wrapped both
arms around Jack's neck as he kissed her.  She felt his hand
sliding up her side and then around between them.  He had his
hand on her tit through her blouse!  She purred in his mouth as
he began to palm and feel her little tittie.

     After a few moments of this, May felt his fingers fumbling
with the buttons of her blouse.  She giggled and brought her
hands away from around his neck to help him unbutton her blouse.
He pulled it wide open and reached up and pulled both bra straps
down!  She gasped as his hands closed on both bare titties.  He
kissed her lips again, then began to kiss his way down her neck
and down onto her front.  Slowly, he kissed his way down to her
budding breasts.  When he reached her right breast with his lips,
he kissed his way around the small tit and then moved up to the
swollen nipple.  May gasped loudly when his lips closed on her
nipple and he began to suck on it.  She cradled his head in her
arms as he nursed at her budding breast.

     Moving back and forth from one breast to the other, Jack was
working May up into a real stew.  He slid his hand down over her
hip to her leg.  He slipped his hand between her knees, and began
to move his hand back up the inside of her thigh.

     May felt the warm hand sliding up her leg and she knew he
was headed for her pussy.  When he reached her crotch, she gasped
when he slid his hand over and palmed her pussy through her
shorts.  He rubbed his hand up and down on her pussy through her
shorts for a few moments, then he began to try to get his finger
inside the tight leg of her shorts.

     "Jack, wouldn't it be easier if you just took them off?" she
whispered in his ear.

     Jack didn't waste any time complying with her suggestion.
He quickly unzipped them and pulled them down over her legs and
off as she raised up to help him.  He then slid his hand back up
between her legs and felt her pussy through her bikini panties.
He could feel the heat through the thin material, and the
moisture seeping through them.  He hooked a finger under the leg
and pulled the crotch to the side.  He palmed her bare pussy,
then slipped a finger into the top of her crack.  She groaned as
his finger found her clit.

     Jack looked down at the beautiful sight.  His finger was
slowly sliding deeper and deeper into the juicy little slit.  The
thin blonde curls hid none of her slit from his view.  Slowly, he
inched his finger deeper into her slit until he was twirling his
fingertip in the entrance to her pussy.  He was amazed at the
juice!  Boy was she hot!

     May suddenly raised up and grasped the top of her panties.
Lifting her ass, she quickly peeled them down and off.  Jack
immediately slid his finger back up into her pussy when she
spread her legs for him to get to her.  Slowly, he pumped his
finger in and out of her.

     May couldn't believe how good it felt.  But she wanted to
sample some of the other things she had observed today.

     "Jack, why don't you kiss my pussy like you kissed Bunny's?"
she whispered to him.

     Jack didn't hesitate.  He slid to the floor and knelt in
front of her.  She pulled her legs up and spread them wide,
propping her heels on the edge of the sofa as she leaned back.
Jack kissed his way up the inside of her thighs.  When he reached
her pussy, he flicked his tongue out and licked the end of her
hard little clittie.  She gasped and jerked every time he licked
it.  He ran his tongue up and down her slit, tasting her gushing
juices.  He licked his way down to her brimming hole and thrust
his tongue as far up the entrance as he could get it.  He opened
his mouth wide, covering her whole pussy with her mouth, sucking
and licking everything he could get to.  He slid his finger up to
her hole and slowly pushed it all the way in as he licked her
clit.  He began to pump his finger in and out of her, licking her
little bud of a clit.  He fastened his lips around the tiny
morsel and began to suck it, licking the end of it as his lips
pulled on it.

     May suddenly grabbed his head in both hands, pulling him
hard against her pussy, as she let out a little shreik.  She was
coming!!

     Finally, she released his head and he raised up and grinned
at her.

     "Stand up," she told him, raising up to a sitting position.
Jack did as he was told, standing up in front of her.  Her
fingers tugged his zipper down and opened his pants.  Quickly she
pulled them down below his knees, then she stripped his shorts
down.

     His dick was standing up proud and hard, pointing right up
at his belly button.  She slid one hand up between his legs,
feeling his balls.  The other hand clasped his dick and began to
slowly slide up and down along the shaft.  She pumped it several
times, looking at the juice seeping out of the slit in the end.
Then she leaned forward and stuck out her tongue.  Tentatively,
she touched the tip of her tongue to the end of his prick.  She
liked the taste!  It was strong and kind of sour-sweet.  She
licked the end, swiping her tongue all around the head.  Jack
groaned with pure pleasure!

     May pursed her lips and kissed it right on the end.  Then,
slowly moving forward, she let her lips slowly enclose the end of
his dick, sliding down until she had the whole knob in her mouth.
She pressed forward, taking some of the shaft in her mouth.
Slowly, she took more and more until the end of his prick was
against the back of her throat.  She could see that she had a
little more than half of it in her mouth.  That was not quite as
much as Bunny had managed to swallow, but it would have to do
until she got more used to it.  It was about to gag her, as it
was.

     May then slowly let it slide out of her mouth until only the
end was in.  Then she reversed directions and repeated the
movement.  She could tell from Jack's groaning that he was really
enjoying it.  He began to contribute to the movement, sliding his
dick in and out of her mouth.  She was using her tongue on the
underside of it as it slid in and out.  She was also exerting as
much suction as she could.

     May was afraid that Jack would lose control and jam it down
her throat, so she wrapped her fist around it at just the right
place to control the maximum depth that she wanted.  Suddenly,
Jack groaned and gasped and May felt the dick in her mouth begin
to throb.  She knew he was about to shoot his load, so she
withdrew her mouth until she had only the knob in her mouth and
began to suck hard.  Bam!  Jack cut loose in her mouth.  The
first wad almost shot down her throat without her swallowing, it
spurted out with such power.  Swallowing rapidly, May tried to
keep up with the gushes of hot juice spurting from the end of his
dick.  Finally, the spurts slowed to a dribble and then quit.
She sucked the last of the juice out of the piss slit and let his
dick slide out of her mouth.

     May looked up at Jack and drinned.  He was still gasping for
breath, but he smiled at her.

     "Oh, May, that was wonderful," he told her.

     She grinned at him, wiping the corner of her mouth with the
back of her hand.  "It tastes different from anything I've ever
tasted before, but I liked it," she told him.

     Jack sank weakly down on the sofa beside her.  He kissed her
on the lips, then leaned down and gently kissed each breast.

     Suddenly, May jumped up.  She heard voices coming up the
road!

     "They're coming!"  she told Jack.  Quickly, they grabbed
their clothes and put them on.  They were sitting on the sofa
watching TV when the door opened and Sally entered, followed by
Dan and Sarah.

     Sally looked at them and immediately knew that something had
happened.  She couldn't wait to find out what they had done.
Sarah also knew that something had happened.  She could feel it.

     "Hey, let's go for a walk," Sally suggested.

     The other two agreed and out the door they went.  Sarah
quickly told Dan her suspicions and the two adults decided to try
to follow them.

     The three kids set out through the woods.  As soon as they
were out of earshot of the van, Sally asked what they had been up
to.  May and Jack grinned at her.

     "What do you mean?" Jack teased his sister.

     "I know you two did something while I was gone," she
replied.  "Now tell me what you did.  Did he fuck you?" she asked
her cousin.

     "No, but he licked my pussy and I sucked his dick," May told
her, wanting her to know about it.  "And it was fantastic," she added.

     "Wow," Sally exclaimed, as they came up to the little clear
spot behind the bath house.

     Dan and Sarah almost lost the kids trying to follow them
through the woods, but Sarah was pretty sure she knew where they
were going.  Sure enough, they soon peeked out at the back of the
bath house and found the three of them there.  Sally was leaning
back against the side of the bath house with her blouse wide
open.  Jack was sucking her tits while May watched.  After a few
moments, Jack knelt down and stripped Sally's shorts and panties
down and off.  Wasting no time, he used his fingers to open his
sister's pussy and went to work on it with his tongue.

Her eyes were drawn to the huge bulge between his legs.  She sat
still until he stood in front of her.  He extended his hand to
her and she took it.  He pulled her to a standing position and
immediately kissed her.

     There she stood, with her shorts and panties still down around
her
ankles, being kissed by a man she had never really met before.  Sarah
couldn't believe it.  This was more like one of her wild fantasies
than
reality.  She felt his hands close on her breasts, cupping them and
feeling
them through her blouse.  She wasn't wearing a bra, and she knew that
he
could feel her nipples hardening through the material of the blouse.

     Finally, his lips left hers and he unbuttoned her blouse.
He pulled it wide open, exposing her beautiful breasts to his
view.  She knew that he had seen them before, through the
knothole in the wall.  She moaned as his hands closed on her
boobs, palming and rolling them on her chest.  She felt his hand
slide down over her belly, straight down between her legs.  His
finger slipped down into her crack, finding her clit.  She moaned
as he rubbed her clit, then slid his finger farther down and up
into her cunt hole.  Her pussy was creaming around the invading
finger.

     May had entered the other side of the bath house.  She was
about to pull her shorts down to pee when she heard a moan
through the wall.  Her need was immediately forgotten!  She moved
quickly to a knothole and looked through.  She couldn't believe
her eyes.  There was her aunt, standing kind of spraddle legged
with Bunny's father's finger up her pussy!  As May watched, she
saw Sarah reach down and unfasten the man's pants, pushing them down.

     Like father, like daughter, Sarah thought to herself as she
found that he didn't have on any underwear.  She wrapped her
fingers around the huge dick standing straight up in front of his
belly.  Slowly, she slid her hand up and down along the length of
it, naturally timing her strokes with the strokes of his finger
in her pussy.

     He stepped back, reaching down and freeing his feet from his
pants.  Then he gently turned her around so that she had her back
to him.  She stepped out of her shorts and panties and leaned
over, bracing her hands on the toilet tank.  He moved in close
behind her, taking hold of her hips.  Sarah spread her legs and
reached back between them and took hold of the mighty weapon
pointing at her.  She guided it straight to it's target and
gasped in pleasure as he sank the full length up in her pussy
with one thrust.

     May was watching excitedly, as she saw the man starting to
screw her aunt.  From her position, she could actually see his
dick going in and out of her, because the knot hole through which
she was looking was low and they were facing directly away from
her and really quite close to her.

     Sarah couldn't believe she was doing this.  Here she was,
leaning over a commode with a stranger's dick sliding in and out
of her pussy!  And it felt soooo gooooood!  He was really balling
her now.  His hard thrusts were shaking her all over.  From her
position, May could see her aunt's tits shaking as the man rammed
her.  Sarah could feel the climax coming.  Then suddenly, she was
there!  And so was he!  She could feel him spurting in her as he
grunted in her ear.

     May watched the man pull out of his aunt then help her to
straighten up.  Then he moved up to the toilet and stood right
there and started to piss.  She heard her aunt giggle and saw her
reach down and take hold of his prick and aim it.  When he finished
peeing, she saw her aunt shake it and then give it a little pat.

     When the couple in the other room had dressed and left, May
quickly relieved her bladder and headed back to camp.  When she
got there, she found Sarah stretched out on a lounge chair
looking like she was totally relaxed.  Dan was asleep in the
hammock and Jack and Sally were sitting on the couch (folded up
during the daytime) in the vehicle watching tv.  When she came in,
she found that Sally had told Jack that they had watched him and
Bunny.

     "Say, what took you so long to get back from the bath house?"
Sally
asked her.

     May hesitated, then told them about seeing Bunny's dad screw
Sarah.  Jack and Sally couldn't believe their ears.

     "Wow, I knew Mom was hot to trot, but I thought it was only
for Dad," Jack said.

     "Well, why shouldn't she want it?" Sally said.  "After all,
you want to get in every girl's pants that you meet."

     "Oh, I think it's fantastic," Jack said.

     "Yeah, so I see," Sally replied, looking at his bulging
crotch.  "And so soon after Bunny, too."  Jack laughed and
reached down and rubbed his hardon through his pants.

     The kids quickly quieted down when they heard someone at the
door.  Dan came in and flopped down beside them to watch tv so
they didn't get to talk about it anymore.

     A little while later, Sarah came into the vehicle.

     "Dan, we told that lady on the other side of the park that
we would bring Sally down to look at her doll collection this
afternoon," she reminded her husband.

     "Oh, yeah," Dan groaned.

     Sarah explained to Sally that they had met a lady with some
rag dolls for sale.  Sally collected them and was eager to go to
see them.

     "Do you want to go, May?" she asked.

     "Uh, I don't think so, if you don't mind," May replied.

     "We'll be back in about an hour," Sarah told Jack and May.
"When Sally gets to looking at rag dolls, we have a hard time
getting her to leave."

     The three of them left and May was alone in the bus with
Jack.  They sat there for a few minutes watching TV.  Then,
suddenly, Jack slid over next to May and put his arm around her
shoulder.  May looked at him and smiled.  Jack leaned over and
kissed her right on the lips.

     May liked the feeling of Jack's lips on hers.  They were
soft and warm and it did something to her.  Jack continued to
kiss her, opening his mouth and slipping his tongue between her
lips.  She extended the tip of her tongue and flicked his tongue
with hers.

     The two kids continued to kiss, openmouthed and hard.  As
they kissed, both of them began to gasp for breath.  Finally,
their lips parted and they looked at each other.

     "Wow," May exclained.

     "Did you like that?" Jack asked.

     "Ummmhmmm," May replied, leaning forward for him to kiss her
again.  Their lips began to work against each other, their
tongues twisting and licking at each other.  May wrapped both
arms around Jack's neck as he kissed her.  She felt his hand
sliding up her side and then around between them.  He had his
hand on her tit through her blouse!  She purred in his mouth as
he began to palm and feel her little tittie.


