

The Erotic Mind-Control Story Archive
<--Prev  Up  Author  Titles  Authors  Categories  Next-->

This story is a work of fiction and is intended for adults only. Your comments and suggestions are encouraged, and should be posted to alt.sex.stories, or alt.sex.stories.d. Thanks! 

Minding My Own Business Part III (mc, mf, nc, teen, celeb)



By Fitzhemingway



Chapter 7: Celeste, Winona & Yasmine



Everything 13-year old Celeste has ever known has been changed. I've suddenly appeared in her life and she's become a sort of... slave, desiring only pleasure - hers and mine. The lips of her pussy are swollen, moist and warm almost constantly. Her little, tight asshole has the slightest, tugging itch that can only me scratched by the slightly rough attentions of a willing tongue, or the violent thrust of a meaty cock. She finds herself stroking her nipples and breasts idly, thoughtlessly, addicted to the shivers of pleasure they give her, and never tiring of it.



It's been a month since I made her mine. For a month she's been a willing, eager mouth for my cock. For a month I've lapped at her sweet young pussy at every whim. For a month, my tongue has stroked her neck, explored her plump assflesh, and trust itself into her ear.



I wonder how it's felt for her this last month... Does she remember the feel of the veins of my shaft on her lips? Did she gag a bit when I pulled on the back of her head a little to hard, a little to fast? Was my cock a little to big for her sometimes? Is there an angle of thrust, that on one penetration brings her to shattering orgasm, but the next wracks her with sweet pain? The first time I took her delicious ass (a fantastic morning!), was she eager? Scared? Did she bite her lip and widen her eyes at the surprise when I first slipped it in her precious ass? Or was she relaxed and lustful as I shoved inch after inch of my iron-hard meat into her bum?



When even I could stand her attentions no more and had to rest, I had still had the pleasure of her young, firm body next to mine. She was so tiny near me - her arm spanned my chest and her tender leg rested on my belly. Occasionally, her foot brushed my exhausted cock, bringing a smile to her face when I stirred to attention



I remember last night there was the stirring of a third in our bed. Of course, her older sister, Lauren. Though weary, I came awake as Celeste's arms clutched my chest harder, almost pulsing.



Ever so quietly, Lauren had slinked into our bedchamber. As we dozed and dreamed of each other, Lauren crept up on her baby sister and lightly ran her fingertip down her smooth, lovely thigh. Celeste shivered but did not awake as she slept face down on top of me. Her legs naturally had spread apart as she straddled me in slumber. My cock and her pussy deliciously close, even in sleep.



Upon that scene, Lauren approached. On her belly too, she made her way up between our legs. Delicately, her hand ran up the length of her sister's thighs, but she would still not awaken, nor would I. Lauren's Movie Star lips moistened, and a bit of drool appeared in anticipation as she approached Celeste's innocent, waiting pussy lips.



Lauren's hands cupped the cheeks of the little girl's ass now, and pulled them apart to expose her sex even more. Despite the strokes of her older sister's tongue, Celeste did not yet awake.



Only when Lauren's teeth playfully bit Celeste's round butt cheek, did her eyes fly open in shock and confusion. Lauren could restrain herself no more and suddenly dropped her gorgeous face between her sister's legs, searching frantically with her lips and tongue for her little nubbin of a clit.



Celeste dug her fingers into my chest as Lauren lapped at her pussy. Lauren's tongue rimmed Celeste's asshole gently in exploration, drawing moans from my little girl's lips. Lauren spank lightly at first, and progressively harder as her tongue wormed its way into the young teens asshole. I knew from experience that Lauren's tongue was impossibly long. Celeste's mouth was a permanent O of delight as Lauren sucked her little body.



Painfully slowly, her sister brought Celeste to orgasm with her mouth. My little love toy bit into the hairs of my chest as her sister tasted her. There was regret as Lauren's tongue retracted for the last time. I could sense Celeste's urge to feel her own sister under her own tongue, but that chance was denied to her, as Lauren gathered herself up.



Lauren's lips caressed her sister's earlobe as she whispered, "Later for us little sister, Our master has a present for you in the morning." With a smile on her face, Celeste fell asleep in my protective arms again, eager for the morning to come.



In the morning, Celeste got herself ready for the day. Wearing nothing but a sheer teddy and the thin leather collar she had picked out for herself, she bounded into my lap at the breakfast table. My God she was sexy. I pushed my meal aside and just played with her for a moment, working myself up for the fun to come. Her legs were cool and smooth under my hands, and I never seemed to tire of exploring her mouth with my own. Lifting Celeste up, I carried her away and outside to the car.



She had seen the look on my face before, and loved it. She knew I was hunting today and knew enough not to bother me as I discussed the day's work with Lauren as we drove toward the studio.



My studio employees were used to the sight of Celeste bounding about scantily clad by now, they were sufficiently under my control not to think it was odd. I wondered she you felt, running so free, practically naked. Just to tease, she'd thrust out her pert little tits as we passed the secretaries. Was she trying to make the older women jealous? Or did she want that severe yet beautiful brunette to lust after her?



I knew she was trying to give the old janitor a heart-attack as she flashed her perfect bum at him. Celeste knew that getting down on your hands and knees and begging him for a good dicking would get my attention. I just had to chuckle and pull her along with me as we approached the sound stage.



Hand in hand we entered the set. We passed into the darkness and heard a shrieking, yet familiar voice.



"Forget it! Fuck You," the woman's voice cried. "I tried this outfit on just to be sure, but I will not wear this crap on camera."



"But the producer..." complained a male, timid voice.



"You can see everything when I wear this!" she cried again. "My ass is hanging out and my tits are practically in full view! I won't wear it. That's final. I'm going to change now." Her footsteps came closer to us as we waited off stage.



The man on stage pleaded again, "But the Producer expressly requested..."



"Fuck the Producer!," said the actress contemptuously. "He can kiss my gorgeous ass!!" With a huff, the pissed actress stormed off the stage.



Right into my arms.



"Oh don't fret my dear. We'll get you out of that costume soon enough," I told her.



"What the fu... let me go!!" The actress struggled in my arms, but I was too strong for her. "LET ME GO!!" she shouted, flashing her big brown eyes in anger and fear.



"I'm afraid not Ms. Ryder. You're a gift for someone very special to me."



Like a child on Christmas, Celeste stepped into view, running her eyes over Winner's pale curves.



"Ohh...." she squealed. "Thank you so much Master"



"No.." whispered Winona in confusion.



"Yes. You're ours to play with now." With that, I spun Winona around, wrapping my arm around her long neck into a headlock. I could smell her hair as I bent her forward, forcing her firm ass into my crotch. She felt great.



Winona choked and sputtered in my strong grip as her pendulous breasts hung low, accidentally freed from her offending costume. Celeste couldn't resist the offering and with each hand, softly carressed Winner's lovely breasts, bringing each nipple to automatic attention.



The movie star's mouth worked silently searching for oxygen and her eyes met Celeste's in her terror, looking for her to help. But when she looked into Celeste's eyes she saw only excitement and lust, and Winona knew her doom.



"Well my darling," I asked my thirteen-year old with affection. "What shall we do with poor Ms. Ryder?"



Celeste beamed with lust and gratitude. In response to my question, she suddenly pinched Winner's large nipples as hard as she could. Winner's mouth widened with the pain, but before she could make a sound Celeste pressed her mouth to Winner's and shoved her tongue between her perfect lips.



My mind had sent out commands to the other cast and crew members on the sound stage, and they all left the building, not quite knowing why. The minds I didn't concern myself yet with were Celeste's, which I already knew so well, and Winner's. I wanted us to taste her fear while we tasted her body.



Breaking your mouths apart, I picked up the now screaming Winona and threw her a half dozen feet onto the main set. The movie in production was a science fiction flick that featured Winona stranded on a deserted planet, hence her tattered and revealing costume.



I reached over to Celeste, and fondled her ass with glee. "There you are my little one. Your present."



Winona started to pick herself up and ran towards the door. I had locked it of course. Her eyes scanned around in panic, seeking another exit, and she ran again, sobbing, to a far wall.



"What are you trying to do to me?" she pleaded as she frantically tried to cross the set. Celeste stepped in quickly, and punched Winona in the kidneys. With a "whoof" the actress collapsed and fell.



Celeste jumped her then, and straddled her, pinning Winner's arms to the floor with her knees. My little girl's hands played with the movie star's large breasts, pinching and abusing them, just for the pain they brought and the tears that welled in Winner's eyes. Celeste loved the feel of them under her hands, while Winner's body squirmed to get away. But of course, she couldn't.



I had semi-paralyzed our prey's body for the moment. She put up enough of a struggle that I knew Celeste would enjoy it, but she was in no danger of losing her new toy.



From behind, I had a great view of Winner's outstretched legs, and Celeste's own lovely ass as she rubbed your wet pussy back and forth over Winner's firm stomach. The glistening pink of my girl's pussy came into my view when she bent over further, to probe her victim's mouth with her tongue.



I released my mental grip on Winner's body only for a moment, allowing her to almost buck you off. I could sense the hope that rushed through Winner's mind, and Celeste could see the look of victory on her face.



That only made it sweeter when we acted simultaneously. Celeste slapped Winner's face back and forth, and I slammed her body flat to the ground, as if she had fallen from a great height. Celeste screamed in orgasm when she saw the look of defeat on Winner's face. From her slaps, a drop of blood had appeared on her lower lip. Celeste bent over her again and took that quivering lip into her own mouth, sucking it, enjoying the taste of her helpless victim.



My darling wanted to humiliate her more, and knew just how to do it. She moved her beautiful teenage body up along Winner's, until her long, fair thighs surrounded Winner's head. The wet, engorged lips of Celeste's pussy were a scant inch from Winner's mouth. She moved them back and forth teasingly, tantalizing herself.



"Nnoonooo.." Winona whimpered. She tried to shake her head away, but Celeste's legs gripped her head to fast.



"Won't you kiss it Winona?" she teased. "Will you suck my sweet pussy, love? Don't you want your tongue up inside me?"



For the first time, I manipulated Winner's mind. I played with her until the thing she wanted most in the world was to glue her mouth to Celeste's, and work her teenage attacker's nether lips until she screamed in delight. But I left the sense of humiliation, and shame that we had bent her to our will.



Hesitantly, the first flick of Winner's tongue passed over her tormentor's clit. I smiled when your Celeste's whole body twitched with pleasure. Soon, Winner's lips were working faster, and her whole being focused on giving Celeste the pleasure she so well deserved.



My Lolita's hips gyrated, working herself onto Winner's face. I couldn't hold myself back anymore, and approached both electric bodies. From behind Celeste, I pulled the costume off Winner's body. Exploring her for the first time with my own hands. Her legs were lean and her skin was smooth as expected. While Celeste concerned herself with the pleasures of Winner's mouth, I pushed our victim's knees apart and backward, until her shaved pussy and pinkish brown asshole were open to me.



I played with Winona for awhile, working my fingers in and out of her pussy, paying special attention to her clitoris. Soon she was soaking wet, and I started idly rubbing my fingers around her asshole - lubricating it and relaxing it just a bit.



The look of pleasure in Celeste was driving me wild, and I wanted to share. I freed my dick from my pants, and with out any hesitation, rammed it into Winona Ryder's asshole.



"Aghuughh!!!" she cried, briefly moving her mouth away from Celeste's pussy. Quickly, she shoved Winner's head back into position and enjoyed the added pleasure of her scream's muffled vibrations that traveled up her body.



I touched Winner's mind again, and made sure she stayed attentive to my Celeste's pussy. I left alone, however, the pain and shock of my invasion of her virgin ass. Her body twitch and spasmed with every thrust into her bowels and I could feel the tension in her muscles under my hands.



Her ass was so tight! And she was so afraid! Winona was ours, and she new it. The humiliation had broken her will so much that my mental control was almost not needed. She kept lapping at Celeste's sex because she had no other choice. She took my cock up her bum because she could do nothing else.



As I raped Winner's bum, feeling the explosion building inside me, the muscles in Celeste's back tensed and quivered. Her perfect ass bounced furiously. And her strong, curvy thighs gripped Winner's head like a vice as she brought her to a shattering orgasm.



Celeste's screams of climax met with grunts of my own as I unloaded my cock deep in Winona Ryder's ass. My teenage darling's lovely body arched backward and I leaned forward. I reached a hand out to fondle Celeste's perfect breasts, and her mouth met mine in a wet passionate kiss of lust and triumph.



Satisfied for the moment, I withdrew very slowly from my victim's ass. Winona, with a little mental push, had gone completely catatonic. Her big brown eyes remained open, but her mind was elsewhere. Celeste and I climbed off the actress, and dressed ourselves.



While I made myself suitable for the outside world, I considered my options. Winona was just to much fun to just forget about, and I'm sure Celeste wanted to do quite a bit with her.



Winner's porcelain beauty had drawn me for years. The pools of her eyes were perfectly suited for a slaves' - looking up plaintively at her master. But there's a subtle distinction between victim and subservient, and I hadn't realized that Winona was so much better suited to be a victim.



So my decision was made, for the moment. Winona would come home with us today. There, I'd find a few activities for my new, perfect victim.



The limo ride was a quiet one. Winona was tied and gagged in the seat beside me. Her ears were plugged, and her eyes taped shut. Besides her bonds, she remained naked, allowing young Celeste to suck her new toy's nipples and tease her pussy.



Facing forward, I settled into the seat and relaxed. My eyes closed, and the tendrils of my mind flexed and slowly began there work. Winona had been silent through Celeste' ministrations, still borderline catatonic. When the first wisps of my consciousness touched hers, she inhaled sharply and screamed behind her gag. Her body tensed and twisted, forcing Celeste to grab each of Winner's knees to stretch her legs apart.



Quickly, I calmed her down with soothing thoughts. For this work I needed quiet. The human brain controls the autonomous body systems as well as the consciousness. My power was sufficiently advanced that I could control both. I've stopped the heartbeats of two of my enemies that way, but would use my skill for more fun here.



My first bit of reprogramming was a simple stimulation of glands and secretions of the body. Winner's pussy would be slicker now, and her ability to generate saliva would increase dramatically when something entered her mouth. Her lips would stay moist and her skin would be softer than ever.



I'd alter her metabolism quite a bit. She'd gain just a few pounds, to fill out her curves only. She'd be able to digest clear liquids only, and her body would begin to crave what she could now metabolize best... male human sperm, and ideally, mine. Her taste buds were altered accordingly.



I dulled her teeth a bit (I'm working on learning how to retract them fully) and her tongue began to swell in her mouth, becoming a little larger and thicker. She'd find it more difficult to talk, but that was another little present to Celeste. Winner's pussy lips were an little meatier, and her clit was more pronounced. Finally, all hair follicles below her neckline began to die off.



By the time I was done with Winner's body, I had decided to do very little with her mind. She's be more aroused than usual of course, but her will was her own. Her self-awareness was unchanged. Winona would soon be aware of the changes to her body, and be horrified. She'd know that she'd been turned in a sexual plaything, and maybe even try to fight it all the way.



We soon pulled in to my driveway, and I pulled Winona out of the car, but her brown hair. She tried to scream but was still muffled by her gag. Two of my servants waited.



"Take her down stairs and clean her up, I'll be using her soon." My servants complied and took the kicking and twisting Winona into the bowels of the Mansion.



I needed to clean up myself, and walked to my chambers. My body servant today was Yasmine Bleeth, finally freed from her bonds in the basement. She was lovely to behold in her white satin - dressed only in a choker and loose panties that showed off her fantastic curves. Yasmine cooed softly as she undressed me... brushing her bare nipples against my chest... 'accidentally' brushing the cheeks of her plump ass against my cock when she turned to put my clothes way. She's always very tempting.



"Is my bath prepared Yas?" I queried.



"Oh yes, Master. Just the way you like it. Will I be washing you today?" She asked hopefully.



I nodded. "Yes dearie. Have Celeste join us too." I've got a big tub.



"Mmmm.... master!" she chirped. "I'll get her right now." And off Yasmine went, legs pumping and ass swinging..



Yasmine was a fun one in bed, and I'd not yet taken her full will. Sometimes I let the real girl out and took her for a terrifying ride. I was starting to look forward to this bath. My day needed a break before I got back to Winona.



I climbed into the hot water of the tub, and instantly reached for the icy gin & tonic Yasmine had prepared for me. The heat enveloped me and the stresses of the day seeped away. I set my drink down and closed my eyes...



...and opened them again. Celeste stood there, naked as the day she was born - almost fourteen years ago. Her curves weren't as dramatic as Yasmine's, but they were a beautiful combination of firm, ripe naturally athletic youth, with a lingering touch of tender babyfat. She lifted a foot, and daintily stepped into the tub. She giggled as her lovely body slipped in the water, until just her buoyant b-cup breasts floated peek over the edge of the water.



Yasmine entered the water behind Celeste, wrapping her arms around the younger girls, and cupping Celeste's breasts in her hands. Yasmine began massaging Celeste's nipples and bent her head over to playfully bite Celeste's neck.



My little Celeste's eyes rolled back in her head, but her little hands stretched out in the water, seeking something. I felt her soft hands run up between my legs, until the found my dick and starting stroking it to attention. She was a dirty old man's fantasy... a pliant schoolgirl with expert hands. Soon I was full mast, sticking out of the water. Her hands jacked me faster and firmer, and her little smile grew wicked.



One of Yasmine's hands had disappeared under water. I could imagine it stimulating Celeste's firm, delicious clitoris, or possibly pumping in and out of her already.



"C'mere Dollface," I said, and outstretched my arms. The teen slithered up my body until she straddled me and her lips mashed against mine. Yasmine took her cue and guided my cock into Celeste's young cunt. every time I entered the girl, I was amazed at how tight she was. Her tunnel was hot and slick as always, and she soon began fucking me furiously, bouncing up and down on my shaft. Her little titties jiggled in the air, tantalizing my lips.



My mind reached out to Celeste's enjoying her sensations of pleasure and desire. I shared her feelings of being fucked by me, her complete joy in becoming my little slut. Celeste's mind was completely bend to my will, and would never be shaken from it. The sensations of her tight young cunt, filled by my cock came to me from her mind, and added immeasurably to my own pleasures.



My hands roamed the creamy flesh of her back and ass as she bounced up and down on my dick. She was so tight and so tender. Her eyes glazed and she bit her perfect lower lip. She grunted and moaned each time she impaled her young body on my cock.



As my little teen fucked me with her all, I motioned to Yasmine to step out of the tub and walk towards my end.



"Sit on my face Yas, I want to taste that lifeguard pussy."



I leaned my head back over the edge of the spa and Yasmine took her position over me. It was a great view. The backs of her curvy thighs descended slowly, and she shook her tush on the way down, just the way I love it. She teased my face with the folds of her pink pussy lips. Yasmine moved back and forth, teasing her own clit with just the tip of my nose.



My tongue flicked up to the slickness between her lips, and I tasted Yasmine for the first time today. My tongue went as long and as erect as I could make it, and Yasmine came down on it as far as she could.



I know I'm not going to heaven for the ways I've degraded and abused beautiful young women, but this made it all worth it. The cutest, sexiest young teenager I'd ever found was bouncing on my cock like a cowboy rides a bull. My face was buried in the snatch of Yasmine Bleeth, and the flesh of her soft thighs were caressing my face. So what if I couldn't breathe... my enslaved actress tasted as good as she looked.



Yas gyrated on my face very slowly, enjoying every flick and thrust of my tongue. My nose rubbed hard into her clit when she pressed down on my face. When she moved forward, my nose slipped inside her cunt, fucking her, and tongue stroked and rubbed her clean, perfectly hairless asshole.



Celeste hands reached out to Yasmine's butt, pinching and enjoying the round flesh. I reached my arms upward, almost uncomfortably, to stroke and play with Yasmine's breasts.



I know, I know, this kind of thing is enough for any man. But I'm not just any man, am I?



Yasmine was a perfect plaything on the outside - beautiful, attentive, submissive and aroused. But I had left her real personality intact, if submerged. I began the process of coaxing the real Yasmine out, granting her the humiliation of remembering the degrading things done to her.



Before her real persona could be freed, I had some work to do. Reluctantly but forcefully, I lifted Celeste off my cock, and pushed Yasmine off of my face. I winked and nodded to Celeste, transmitting commands to her.



"Yas my dear, are you ready for a nice fucking?"



"Oh!!" she cried in happiness. "Oh yess please Master.... a ff-fucking?" her last words carried just a faint taste of trepidation. The real Yasmine was coming out sooner that I'd expected. "You're g-going to ff-f-uck me?" she asked again.



Celeste's golden body glistened with water, and she gently grabbed Yasmine and guided her into the tub.



"Oh yes. And you'll be getting it just the way you love it.. I'm going to fuck you in your gorgeous ass"



"I love it in my ass." she preened. Celeste positioned Yasmine in the shallow part of the spa on all fours. Her Baywatch bum rose out of the water like a cushy Gibraltar, and her breasts dangled in the water.



"Mmmy Ass?" she said again. I could feel the real Yasmine coming out even faster. Despite her inviting posterior, the actress had never liked anal sex in the real world, and felt more and more distress at the idea now.



Celeste continued to prepare Yasmine, binding the actress's wrists to rings on the walls of the spa. Yasmine's knees were locked in place by so her ass would always be out of the water, inviting me. Celeste squatted before Yasmine with her legs wide open, her hairless plump pussy just an inch before Yasmine's face. She pulled Yasmine's hair, forcing her head backwards and too the side.



I could feel more panic rising in Yasmine, and did nothing to stop it. I spanked her ass as hard as I could, forcing her forward into Celeste's pussy. The flesh of her tush jiggled enticingly, and the mark of my hand reddened on her right cheek.



"Ungmmm" was she sound she first made from Celeste's pussy. "Whaat.., " was the second when she pulled back from it.



Instantly, Yasmine was aware. Memories flooded her mind of the things I had done to her. How I kept her tied up in the basement until she begged to me fucked by me. How she helped my capture and rape two underage cheerleaders from her old high school, and how I left her behind to be gang-raped by the football team and coaches. She remembered how I forced her to wander my household with nothing but coat of baby oil and a ball gag. Most of all, Yasmine remembered being used by me. She recalled every time I fucked her mouth, fucked her pussy and fucked her ass. She remembered eating Celeste's pussy while I plowed her from behind. She could still taste the come that I sprayed her with. She could still feel the sting of my whip on her tender breasts.



And now, she could feel her wrists bound and her ass in the air, being spanked by someone. She was able to get her head away from Celeste's pussy for an instant, looking over her shoulder to see me grinning with my cock swaying, aimed at her voluptuous behind. Her scream was most satisfying.



I rubbed the head of my cock at Yasmine's tight backdoor. She kept screaming, muffled only a little by Celeste's young pussy. The moment I shoved my cock in her ass, Yasmine gave a little yip and was silenced by the sudden pain of my invasion.



Yasmine trashed and splashed, pulling at her bonds in vain. I pulled out of her ass very slowly, enjoying the beautiful friction on my cock. When only the head of my cock remained inside her bum, I grabbed a fistful of assflesh with each hand and drove myself into her ass again. Yasmine continued to scream and begged me to stop the rape, but of course I didn't heed her.



Every stroke of my cock in and out of her perfect ass was snug, warm heaven. Every squeal of panic that came from her mouth and the waves of terror broadcast from her mind were almost as good. My hands moved away from her ass cheeks and up her body. I was completely bent over her now. Celeste moved behind us now, so she could nibble on Yasmine's tender pussy and fondle my balls as I jammed Yas's bum.



My hands moved forward while I fucked, until they reached Yasmine's slender neck. When I'm fucking a beautiful woman like this, I'm always trying to get a little more arch out of her back. That way there's as little more altitude to her ass, and my penetration goes just that much further. Getting that extra arch is tough in a bathtub, but I knew Yasmine could do it for me.



My hands gripped her neck tightly, and I was rewarded with a stifled cry and choked off gasp. The combination of her neck held tightly in my hands and my cock ramming her tight ass was an incredible turn on. I recommend you try it. But I still hadn't gotten that perfect arch yet.



To get it was simple. My upper body, already hanging over her back, came down with full force. My hands, still had a strangle hold on Yasmine, and her head disappeared from view, into the turbulent waters of the bath.



Ahh.... perfect... her ass was taking the full length of my cock now, with out hindrance. She struggled more than before, now desperate for air. My mind toyed with hers now, she now felt the cock invading her was four times the girth of anything stuck in her before. The pain shot through her body and the fear took over her mind... she lost consciousness.



I came in her ass then, driving my dick into her sleeping body for the last time. Celeste had already alerted the staff, and two women unhooked Yasmine from her bonds and took her away for immediate care.



Exhausted again, I slumped into the tub. Little Celeste joined me, and popped my shrinking cock into her eager mouth for a proper cleaning.



The Erotic Mind-Control Story Archive
<--Prev  Up  Author  Titles  Authors  Categories  Next-->

