Copyright © 1998,     GoDSpiT.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (both header & footer).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





The McFare Academy 
By: GoDSpiT

HEY EVERYONE!!!  Part 2 is here.    WARNING:  Part two contains a lot of sexual explorations.   Part two is the sexual expression part of this two part story.   Most of it does not take place at McFare Academy.

Part 2.

Chapter 12

	In the following few weeks' things went back to a pattern of sorts.   If I wasn't in my bedroom with Michelle then I was walking down the halls or walking around or even sitting in Jimmy's room with him.  Either way I was kept busy and had a lot to do.  Most nights Michelle and I would make love,  but some nights we would just hold each other and think or talk about what we wanted to do in a few years when we got older.   Jimmy and I were still getting closer to each other, neither one of us was really ready for a sexual relationship to start just yet at least not at this point.   One night about two weeks after Jimmy had discovered Michelle in bed with me his roommate was kicked out of the school do to misconduct in all of his classes more than once.
	That first night Jimmy invited me over to his room to spend the night with him to as he put it actually feel what it was like to sleep with him.  Michelle had no problem with me going.   That night she was too tired to think about anything but her warm bed.   I don't k now what I expected to happen that night with Jimmy perhaps I expected nothing but what happened.  I brought a change of clothes and my nightclothes.  It was Friday night so there was no problem with me doing whatever I wanted to do.  I arrived at Jimmy's door a little unsure of what was going to happen.  I knocked on the door and Jimmy pulled it open.   He was dressed as I noticed right away in a pair of boxers and a shirt.  At first I didn't notice what my body had started to do to his but when I looked down at his boxers again not intentionally but on accident I saw a growth that was starting to appear in his boxers.
	He smiled at me and said,  "come in."   We looked into each other's eyes and no words were spoken we knew then that we had been fooling ourselves about this night.  We both knew what this night was for.   I was still in  my school clothes and had wanted to change but not had the time.  Our lips met and it was as if the fire that had been held dormant for so long was finally able to open its flames up and fly.  I remember as his lips touched mine, the feel of sensitive lip to sensitive lip.  The touch of his mouth on mine.   The delicate taste of his mouth.  We opened our mouths as by instinct and let our tongues entangle first in his mouth and then in mine.   I remember feeling his hands as they slid down my back and reached the small roundness of my ass.  I loved the feel of his hands as he cupped the cheeks of my ass.  The kiss broke a few minutes later.
	Our faces were both flushed and I knew that it was not going to stop there.  I pulled Jimmy's shirt over his head and threw it.  The shirt landed on his roommate's bed.  He  slowly unbuttoned my shirt and when he reached the last button pulled it off of me.  I still remember to this day the touch of his skin on mine.  The way that his darker more tanned flesh felt against my white flesh.  I remember feeling his hands as they went though my hair.  "how did I ever get so lucky as to end up with you Chris?"
	I smiled and leaned in closer to him letting our foreheads touch.  "I don't know Jimmy,  but I love you."
 	He smiled back and kissed my cheek.  "I love you also."   We kissed again on the lips.  I let my hands think of their own will.   My hands  went under his boxers and I remember as I slowly grasped his hard organ.  The way that it felt was so much different than I expected it to feel.  The organ was hard and soft at the same time.  There was still no hair surrounding it.  He was still a bare boy with no hair around his cock, something that I am glad he does not have today.   I remember as my hand slowly caressed his hard organ that he groaned and gripped my ass cheeks hard.  Our kiss deepened.  I am not sure how I knew what he liked maybe it was just luck or maybe it was that I was meant for him.   I stroked it a few more minutes before I pulled my hands out and pulled his boxers down.   I remember feeling his hard-on pop out of his boxers and I remember looking at it.  
	Out of all the cocks I have seen in my last 20 years Jimmy's was the most beautiful.  It was hard and standing straight up in the air.   The organ had a small flap of skin over the head something that I really wish most cocks had.   I remember  Jimmy smiling at me and us kissing again.  I remember him unzipping my skirt  and letting it drop to the floor.   This was so much different than anything that had ever happened was.  It was so much different than Michelle was, so much different than the rape that Randy caused.  He slowly pulled my panties down and revealed my soft little hairless pussy.  He looked down at it and I remember as he slid his hand across the outer white lips ever word he said,  "it is  so beautiful so beautiful."   I only kissed his cheek and we walked over to the bed.  I am not sure what happened to bring us here or why we spoke not with words but with thought but we both knew there was only one way he was going in me.   Jimmy slowly laid down on the bed on his back.  I climbed on top of him and laid down.   We kissed for a long time and then I slowly started to go down over his chest.  I remember licking his nipples,  though this brought a response from my Jimmy it was not the same as Michelle's.
	 A women's nipples are more sensitive than a mans.  I slowly went down over his chest.  I arrived to his hard organ.  I remember that his cock was already throbbing and waiting for this to happen.  I couldn't believe that I was about to put this hard cock in my mouth and make my lover have his first orgasm in a girl's mouth.  I slowly licked up and down the organ.  I remember gripping his balls and looking up at him.  His eyes were closed and I could tell he was trying his  best not to cum before I finished satisfying him.   I slowly brought my mouth over his cock.   His cock was not as big as Roundy's and I was very glad for that because I didn't want to hurt again.   I gently started to suck on his hard cock.  I remember as I sucked for the first time a loud groan that escaped from Jimmy's mouth.  I loved the taste of his hard cock as I slowly sucked on it.  
	I could feel something building up in his balls and knew I should stop or he was going to cum before we had even gotten far.   But I just wanted to suck on his cock and give my Jimmy the best and first blowjob of  his  life.   I continued to suck and as I did I felt his hands in my hair.  I knew he was getting closer because he had started to thrust his hips.  He cried out my name as he started to shoot his immature seed into my mouth.   Later he told me that that was the first time that his cock ever shoot its seed.   I was very proud that I caused that to happen.  After I had dried his cock up and sucked all of the cum out of it I laid down on top of him again.   We started to kiss and I started to rub my now very wet pussy against his half-limp cock.  Immediately he was hard again.   I smiled up at him and said, "It is time."  
	He only nodded.  I felt him push back and he pushed his cock forward gently.  He missed the hole the first two times  but on the third time his hard cock slowly started to enter the hole of my pussy.  I was so tight and small,  I could feel Jimmy grunting under me trying to get his hard on into me.  It was slightly starting to hurt me but I didn't want him to start because it also felt so good.  I was starting to get feelings that I thought were never going to be possible.   I felt his cock as he pushed it into me.  I felt as the hard organ entered into the hole that was too small for it to enter into.  I was always small and this problem caused me many pains later in life but this first time of pleasure nothing.   I remember as he pushed one more time his cock going into my body.   I remember feeling his hard cock going into my body.  I remember him groaning with absolute pleasure as he pushed.   
	"You are so tight Chris."  Was the last thing he said before he groaned and pushed again.  I was so close to cumming that I was not thinking.  I started to ride his hard cock as he continued to thrust his hips.  He cried out in pleasure one more time before his hard cock exploded into my pussy.   I remember feeling it explode and contract as my  own orgasm started.  I remember grinding down on his cock and crying out his name.    Then as our orgasms ended we both collapsed in a heap of love.   I remember his arms circling around me and that was all before I blacked out and was not in this world any longer. 

Chapter 13

	The next two years of my life went by  very fast.   On weekdays I would sleep with Michelle in bed with me.  On weekends for one of those two years I would sleep in bed with Jimmy.   Then it was time for him to leave the school for Jr. High.   I missed Jimmy when he left.  Michelle knew that I did and she tried to comfort me as much as she could.   Jimmy wrote me almost every week and I wrote him back.  As it turned out he was now going to a public school close to where he lived.   His parents felt that it was now safe for him to go to a public school now that he had finally made it through elementary school.  I wrote Jimmy about things that were going on here and about how much I missed him.  He wrote back with the same.   Then the end of my second year at McFare came to an end.   It was time for me to move on.  I remember the hurt in Michelle's eyes when we said our good-byes.   The final kiss that we gave each other as she went further south and I went back up north.   
	It was a strange occurrence that sent me to the same Jr. High that Jimmy had been going to.  The high school that he now went to was across the street.   One day after school was over I waited in front of  the High school.  I knew that Jimmy didn't have a girlfriend or any real friends that he hanged with.  I was dressed in a short skirt that went to the middle of my thighs and a pair of socks that went to my knees.   The shirt I was wearing was tight and showed that I still had not started to grow breasts.   My skin was still very light and white.   I remember when Jimmy walked out the door he was talking to one of his friends.  At first his eyes passed over me but when he scanned back he stopped saying what he was talking about and just looked at me.  His friend looked at Jimmy and then at me.   Then his friend said something and Jimmy nodded his head.
	Jimmy stepped away from his friend and slowly walked up to me.  He looked down at me.  Jimmy had always been taller than I had.  He had always had the advantage of being a boy over  my being a girl.   I remember him taking my hand in his and the feel of his warm touch as again we touched one another.  "I'm not dreaming am I Chris?"
	I smiled and let him take me into his arms.  "No you are not dreaming Jimmy."   He pressed me against him.   I loved the feel of his large arms as he pressed me against him.  I could feel his hard on pressing against my stomach.   Of course he was turned on I always turned Jimmy on no matter what I wore or what I was doing.   He broke the hug and looked down at me.  The kiss was a fire that had been doormat for much to long.  Our lips met and our tongues  seared into each other's souls.   Then when the kiss was broken Jimmy  took my hand and walked me up to where a friend of his was standing.  
	"Chris I want you to meet Ryan he is a really good friend of mine.  He knows all about you though he didn't believe me until this moment."
	Ryan laughed and said,  "You are right Jimmy for a 12 year old she is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."   He smiled and shook my hand.  "And a very delicate flower also."   He patted Jimmy's shoulder and said,  "I  better let you two get caught up on the old and new.   I got to get home and do some things.  See you on line tonight Jimmy or are you going to be too busy?"  He smiled.
	Jimmy smiled back and said,  "I will see if I can get on tonight.   I might be able to convince someone to join me."   Ryan took off a second later and Jimmy turned to me.  "Come my love lets go to my house.  My parents won't be home till around 9 or 10 maybe later."   I smiled and took his hand.    
	Jimmy was fourteen now a teenaged boy.   But while his body was going though changes and he was starting to get horny more and more he told me that the only body he ever dreamed of touching was mine.   When we arrived at his house we sat on the couch and he turned the television on.  I called my parents and told them that I was going to be over at a friend's house until eight or so which was my curfew until I was 15.   
	We sat on the couch talking and holding hands.   There was a lot to catch up on.  Jimmy told me how much he missed me and I suppose that what happened next was to be expected.  It had been so long since we had touched each other's bodies.  I remember as our kiss started.  The feel of his lips on mine.  The touch of his skin on mine.   He pulled my shirt over my head and sighed as he looked at my flat chest.   "I missed you Chris."  We kissed again and our lips met harder.  I pulled his shirt over his head.  His chest was flat also and still had no hair on it.  We stood up and carried our shirts.  We reached his bedroom.   He had a large king sized bed that was plenty large enough for us.  I unzipped Jimmy's jeans and unbuttoned them.  I could feel his cock ready to burst out of his pants.  I hadn't felt a cock in my body for so long and I only wanted one Jimmy's.   
	I pulled his jeans down and then pulled down his boxers.  I think the most think I was shocked about was the fact that his hard cock was now slightly larger and slightly thicker.   He also had a small amount of hair that was starting to grow around it.  My pussy was now very wet and I wanted his cock in me more than before.   I gently licked up and down the length of his cock and he groaned.   I then slowly brought my small mouth over the hard organ.  I remember only bringing in the end tip and sucking.  It didn't take long till I was tasting his seed in my mouth.   He didn't stop cumming for almost four minutes.   Then Jimmy  pulled me back up and kissed me on the lips.   I felt his hands pulling my skirt down.   Then he pushed down my panties and smiled at me.  He picked me up and carried me over to the bed.   
	He laid me down on the bed and spread my legs.   "Oh god I missed it."   He only smiled and brought his mouth down onto my pussy.  I loved the feel of his tongue as he licked my clit and then used his tongue to go in my whole.   When my orgasm took my body over and I brought my hands into his hair I cried out in pleasure.   I thrusted my hips and finally had an orgasm that I had wanted for four months.   Then he laid down beside me and said,  "Chris,  I forgot how small you were.   You are still just as small as you were when you were ten aren't you?"
	I only nodded and climbed on top of him.  I remember as he brought his hands onto my hips and I felt his large cock at the hole of my pussy.   He thrusted it into my body.   His cock was too large and would have hurt a lot more if I had not been so wet and wanted his cock in me.   He thrusted his organ into my body and soon he was using my hips so that I could ride his large cock.  He was about five inches long and only three of those inches could fit in my small hole.   He cried out my name as he started to shoot his seed into my body.   I cried out his name and laid down on top of my lover while my pussy orgasmed.   For any man that has ever cum inside a little girl when she was in orgasm knows what it feels like.  Jimmy though had never had it before and was a little surprised when my pussy made his cock go into another orgasm instantly.  He had no time to think.  He couldn't even thrust or move it my pussy was so tight.   He passed out and was asleep before I even finished my orgasm.   And then I also went to sleep.

Chapter 14

	This may sound wrong to most of you but I didn't only sleep with Jimmy and Michelle over the next two years.   We had a very open relationship though I loved both of them more than I ever loved any other boy, man, women, or girl I still felt that I needed to have sex with others.   I knew that Jimmy and Michelle both felt this way also and I also knew that Michelle had slept with other women when she went back down south.   In fact the first time that Jimmy did sleep with another girl I asked him if I could watch.     This happened later so first I want to relate my first experience with another man.    This happened two months after I moved back home.  I was walking though a department store and there was this man who was walking towards a dressing room to try on some clothes.   He didn't have anyone with him and every once in awhile I would catch him staring in my direction.   Well after he had stared at me for the third time and gone back into the dressing room I decided to see what was up.
	I walked over to the dressing room and looked around to make sure that no one was around and I pulled open the door.  He was standing there in just his boxer shorts and a shirt.   He had about a seven-inch cock that was rock hard in his boxers and sticking straight up.   When I opened and closed the door he looked over at me and almost dropped everything he was holding.   I walked up to him and smiled.   I very calmly said,  "sit down and let me take care of that."   He sat down on the bench and looked at me bewildered.  I pushed his boxers down until his rock hard cock popped out.   I remember looking at the hard organ and smiling.   I very gently licked up and down the sides of it and he cried out in pleasure.
	I continued to play with his cock for a few minutes before I slowly slipped my mouth over the head of the organ.  I could only fit about two inches of his hard cock in my mouth.  It was much larger than Jimmy's at that time and my mouth was still so small just like the rest of my body.   It was this day that I learned dirty old men liked little girls.    There is something about getting a small tight body to suck your cock that makes dirty old men horny   I remember as I sucked on his cock he lightly brushed his hands though my hair.    And then I felt it building up in his balls and I knew that my mouth was about to get bathed in wet cum.   I let his cock shoot its first load.  I loved the taste of his cum it was warm and hot.   As it continued to poor into my mouth I swallowed it all.   Then when his cock stopped cumming I sat back and looked up at him.    The man had a very satisfying look I his eyes.
	I was not done though.  I had only gotten hot off of this.  I stood up and very slowly started to unbutton my shirt.   I think he loved looking at my white flat chest.   My nipples were erect and I let him pinch each one of them.    He seemed to like the silky feel of my skin.   I then undid my shorts and let them fall to the floor.  I was now standing in my unbuttoned shirt,  my panties, and my socks.   I took his hands to my panties and let him slid them down.    When he saw my bare little slit his cock shot back into full attention.   I smiled at this glad that I had gotten the reaction that I wanted.   When my panties were off I smiled and climbed onto his lap.  I am sure that he did not expect a little girl to want to put his rock hard seven inch organ into her little pussy but I did.
	I knew how to get his cock into me,  I had done it with Jimmy for so long that I didn't really need to worry about a cock that was only a few inches longer, or so I thought.   This mans cock was thicker and longer than Jimmy's.   When I felt it at the entrance to my pussy I knew then that he was not going to be able to fit more than the tip and an inch into my body.   I very slowly pushed downwards on his cock.   When he felt the smallness of my pussy he grunted and pushed into me.  I felt that first inch slide into my very wet pussy and then a second inch.   He sighed and started to thrust his cock into and out of my pussy.  I felt his hands on my hips.   He let out a cry of pleasure that I shut off with a kiss so that no one would hear.   My pussy was now squeezing his cock.   He cried out again in my mouth and I felt some warm fluid shoot up in my pussy.   I cried out then and let my pussy orgasm.   When I started to orgasm his cock exploded again even more.   I could fell my pussy squeezing his organ and I knew that he could to.   When it was all over I slid off of him and he said the only two things he had said the whole time.  "Thank you.   How old are you anyway."
	"12."   He looked shocked probably thinking that I was younger than that.  I stood up and slipped my panties on.   Then I pulled my shorts on and rebuttoned my shirt.   I slipped my shoes on and waited until he put his jeans on before I went outside.  I didn't  wait for him I didn't do anything except get out of the store and go home.    At first I couldn't believe that I actually did that.   I couldn't believe that I had just had sex with a grown man who looked like he was in his late thirties.   When I got home I called Jimmy and told him of my experience.    After I was done telling him he had a rock hard cock and I decided that  I had better take care of his needs.   I walked over to his house and said hi to his mom before I went up to Jimmy's room.  Jimmy was laying on top of his bed.    When I opened the door I could see that his cock was still rock hard.  
	I smiled at him and started to unzip his jeans.   While I pulled down his jeans he smiled down at me and said,  "I love you Chris."  I only nodded and pulled down his boxers.   His five inch cock popped into view and I slowly started to suck on it.   Jimmy let out a cry and a few seconds later I felt his hot seed shooting into my mouth.  Imagine how fast you would cum if you had to wait ten minutes for me to get to your house.    After he was done cumming I laid down beside Jimmy and he covered us up in his sheets.   I felt his hand as he unbuttoned my shorts.   "I want you to watch me do it with my younger sister,  I hope you don't mind do you Chris?"
	I smiled and said,  "No I don't.   How old is she?"
	He smiled and said,  "She is nine years old."  I only nodded as he continued, he was now pulling down my shorts and panties.   To this day both Jimmy and I have a very good sexual relationship with one another but we both do have our own tastes in sexual experiences.   When my shorts and panties were down he slid on top of  me.   I spread my legs and as I felt the head of his cock slid into my pussy I let out a cry of pleasure.  Perhaps the cry was to loud perhaps his mom was coming up the stairs anyway but she did catch us that day.    As Jimmy came inside of me his mother opened the door.   At first she was shocked by what she saw but after Jimmy clamed her down and we talked about it she got over it.  In fact she said it was okay if we had sex in this house as long as we used protection when I got old enough to start making children in my body.
	

Chapter 15

	It was about two weeks later when Jimmy decided that he just had to get his little sisters pussy.   By then I had decided that I wanted to get it also.   His little sister was a very cute little tan girl who had these dark blue eyes and dark brown hair.     She had a little cute ass that was very round and very beautiful.   The rest of her body was perfect also.  Her little pussy was bare and very tight.  I could tell.   That weekend  Jimmy's parents had to leave for the weekend.     They didn't explain why and where they were going but we didn't really care.    That first night all three of us were sitting on the couch when I covered us up in a blanket.  I was staying the night supposedly at a friend's house or so my parents thought.   Jimmy was touching my leg under the blanket and I leaned over to him and said,  "Do it now she is getting restless and is going to go to her room soon if you don't."  He nodded and I saw threw the cover his other hand lay on his sister's leg.   At first she didn't do anything.   But as his hand moved up her leg she looked down at her leg.   
	Both Jimmy and I had caught her masturbating calling his name so we knew she wanted it before we ever thought of doing this.   Jimmy's hand by now had reached her panties and he was rubbing her pussy.   Before long Tina (that was her name) let out a cry of pleasure and I whispered that it was time to take her up stairs.   He nodded and picked her up.   All three of us went upstairs and I watched as Jimmy pulled his sisters panties down and had her pull his boxers down.  His hard cock was evident now.   He smiled at her and she smiled up at him.   Jimmy laid her down on the bed and spread her legs.  I watched as he licked her pussy up and down.   Then he laid down beside her and had her climb on top of him.  I could tell that Jimmy was close to cumming but he wanted his sister to suck his cock before he put his cock into her pussy.   
	He must have felt great pleasure as she sucked on his cock because I saw his face was flushed.   Then he had her lay her pussy down on top his cock and he pulled it back and slowly as I watched thursted it into her pussy.    At first it wouldn't go though the small opening but then it popped in.  Jimmy's eyes clouded over as he thrusted and broke though his sister's hymen.   She was feeling so much pleasure that she didn't feel the pain.   Then he exploded.   I knew that he would last long but as his seed went into his sister she collapsed on top of him and slept.   When Jimmy was done he pulled his cock out and laid her down beside him.
	Now was my shot I suppose.   I very slowly pulled my shorts down and then my panties.  I was getting naked again in Jimmy's room two weeks after his mom had caught us.   I pulled my shirt over my head and climbed into the bed with his sister.  I spread her little legs and slowly started to suck on her pussy.   She woke up a few minutes later.   At first I know she thought it was her brother but when she saw me down there licking on her slit she let out a cry of pure pleasure.   I hadn't known until that moment that she also wanted me.   I continued to suck on her until my mouth was bathed with her wonderful juices.   Then I laid down beside her and let her do the same to me.
	At first she was a little hesitant.  Then again who wouldn't be the first time.  I felt her little mouth though as it went over my slit.  I liked her warm breath and in fact I was so close to orgasm that it almost made me cum.   I felt her tongue as it licked around my clit and then I let out a cry of pleasure as I went over the edge.  My pussy clamped around the tongue that had just gone into it and I let out a cry as I went into orgasm.   When it was over she looked up at me and came into my arms.   That was when both Jimmy and I realized that we liked little girls the most of any other creature.

Chapter 16

	When I was fourteen I started to grow breasts.   They stayed very small and did not grow very fast unlike my mothers.   My pussy stayed bare until I was almost sixteen.  Then the hair started to grow silky blonde.   Jimmy started using a condom and he loved my little titties.  In fact most of the preteens he fucks have little titties now a days.   It happened by accident.   We used a condom.   We used protection.  But it still happened.  I was seventeen and Jimmy was 19 when it happened.   I was still in a training bra (yes I was at 17 hard to believe but true I am in a very small aaa cup to this day)   When one morning I woke up and started to put my shorts on.  They wouldn't go on.   That was when I decided to see my doctor.  I hadn't gained a pound that wasn't do to growing up in years.   I was still as thin as a board and my legs were still really thin.   The doctor told me that I was pregnant.
	At first both Jimmy and I were shocked.  Our parents who knew we were responsible sex wise knew it was unplanned.  But we decided to keep the child.   Jimmy was going to take over his fathers business after he got out of college so he continued on that.  I got out of high school when I was four months pregnant.  By then you could tell that I had a child growing in me because of my thinness.  I loved the feel of my daughter growing in me.   She kicked a  lot but I loved that also.  Jimmy took pictures of me naked with the child growing in me.    My breasts were still very small though the whole pregnancy.   They didn't even get out of the training bra until my ninth month.  By then my belly was very large and I could hardly move around.  
	One night I woke up screaming and realized that the time had come.  Jimmy rushed me to the hospital and for six and a half hour I gave birth to little Katie.   When she was born and I felt that little body in my arms I knew then that we were headed towards the dreams of our future.    When she was two years old Michelle re-entered into my life.   It happened quite like an accident.  I was walking down the street with Katie in a stroller when I accidentally bumped into someone.   She turned around and there she was.  Older but still the same.  My face still looked much the same as it always had also.   Our eyes met for perhaps a few seconds before Michelle let out a cry of joy and took me into her arms.  She didn't notice Katie until a few seconds later and then she smiled and said,  "I can't imagine you carrying a child.   Look at you still so thin and beautiful."   I said the same about her.  Her breasts were slightly bigger than mine but other than that we both still had almost the same bodies.   
	We went back to the house that Jimmy and I now lived at.  We were about to move out to the country and a larger house so that our activities could not be witness by the neighbors.   Michelle that day moved in with us.   And a few months later when we moved to the country Michelle became a full member of the family.   Jimmy was already rich in charge of his fathers company and everything was going great.   A year later both Michelle and I ended up pregnant.   Jimmy knocked us both up in one night.  Our little girl Katie was already three years old and starting to get curious in fact we were all three licking her pussy and she loved it.   She giggled when her daddy let her play with his hard thingy.   And when it came she smiled and licked it up.    our little girl was a sex fiend by the time she was six.
	But let me get to another intrusting fact about the family.    Both Michelle and I gave birth to a baby girl on the same night.  We called them the twins because even though they didn't look exactly alike the sure did act alike a lot.  We named them Veronica and Vivian.   Both grew up to be very sexy little girls just like their mothers.  In Fact all three girls kept their daddy very busy.      When Katie was fourteen years old she got pregnant with her fathers first child.  I remember watching with pride as she carried that baby.  At the same time both Michelle and I were also with child.   At this time we of course also were having sex with Susan who was the third child that I had had by Jimmy and there was Monica Michelle's second.  Now we were both carrying another one mine was the fourth for me and Michelle's was the third.  It was weird that all we kept having was little girls but that was all we wanted anyway.  
	I remember one night climbing into a foursome with Michelle, Vivian, and Veronica.   Vivian and Veronica shared everything including boy friends.  If one did it with a boy the other did it with him also.   That night it was a four for all.   The other three were very careful of my large belly that night.   I was eight months pregnant and the baby growing in me I am sure enjoyed all the pleasures just like her mother.   The kids each had two kids by there daddy before the moved out.  I am now in my late forties as is Michelle and Jimmy.   We still practice sex with our kids and grand kids.   We have a very large family and are very proud of it.   To this day we practice everything that we can and right now as I speak the youngest ever to get pregnant is giving birth little Tina is only nine and the birth is going to be hard but she can do it I am sure.
	Now that I have told you about my family perhaps you have something intrusting to tell me about your family.   Maybe you and your little sister have done it before.  I am sure she has gotten you hard before.  Or maybe you are one of those who likes older women how about your mother. . .

END
Author Note;    well as always the second part is shorter than the first.   I don't know what is next or what I am doing next.   It may be awhile before I think of something but one thing is sure I will be around so you be around also.   <g> GoDSpiT



















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....