FILE:    STORY.34          CODE: F3<0   LENGTH:
TITLE:   Preparing for the Prom
AUTHOR:  Master Chris Collection
SOURCE:  The Dungeon

STORY # 34                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
PREPARING FOR THE PROM
________________________________________________________________


Tuesday started off very much as per usual for Marcie.  She woke
up, stretched and rolled over on her back.  She considered
rolling over again and sleeping late then she remembered; School
was over for the summer!  "MMmmmmm" she murmured.  A wide smile
spread across her face.  That meant that she could sit around the
pool all day.  No wait, Mom had said something last night about
going shopping.  Well, that was ok too.  Marcie got out of bed
and looked at herself appraisingly in the full length mirror.
'She was in pretty good shape for a 16 year old.', she thought.
Her legs were long and sleek and her tan line was just beginning.
'She would be dark brown by the end of the summer.', she thought
to herself.  Her breasts were firm 'B' cup size but, she loved
her nipples best.  Marcie had been blessed with extra thick, long
nipples.  They were a light shade of pink and Marcie would have
preferred them to be darker but they were soooooo sensitive.  She
reached up and gave them a little tweak.  The crinkled right
away becoming hard and tight under Marcie's pinching fingers.
She turned around and looked over her shoulder at the image of
her ass in the mirror.  'My best feature.', she thought.  She ran
her hands over her smooth buttocks imagining that they were a
man's hands.  She reached down and held her buttocks lewdly apart
exposing her pink anus.  This was one of the most sensitive
areas of Marcie's body.  She would be mortified if anyone ever
found out how much she loved playing with herself there.  Marcie
wondered what it would be like for someone else to touch her ass.
She showered quickly and couldn't resist playing with herself
while under the streaming water.  He hand slid down to her
lightly haired pussy and began soaping it.  She let two fingers
slide deep into her and moaned as she did it.  Her fingers began
sliding in and out in a delicious rhythm.  Her left hand reached
down to get soapy too and then Marcie let one finger slide
slowly into her hot rear opening.  The fingers in her pussy felt
the intrusion of her rear finger deep in her body.  Marcie
shuddered and let out a little cry as she came.  She then took
her razor and shaved her legs and under her arms.  She looked
down at her puss and started slowly shaving her bikini line.
'Maybe she'd take the sun later.', she thought.  She worked her
way up her inner thighs and down her flat belly toward her puss.
She was left with a tiny triangle of curly blond hairs.  Marcie
hesitated a moment and then continued.  Her mom kept her pussy
shaved and Marcie had often wondered what it would be like.  She
giggled as she removed the last of the unwanted hair.  This was
turning her on!
     Marcie and her mom drove downtown.  Marcie was dying to find
out where they were going but her mom just wouldn't tell.
Finally they arrived at a small boutique in the fashion quarter.
Marcie noticed the shop display was completely filled with lacy,
sexy lingerie.  She figured that her mom was picking out
something sexy to turn her dad on that night.  She already had a
large collection of risque lingerie.  They went into the shop and
her mom led her toward the back of the store.  The manager
greeted Marcie's mother warmly, "Hi Janice.  This must be your
daughter Marcie."  Marcie shook her hand and then they were led
back to sit down in a large fitting room.  "Marcie,", said her
mom, "I know you're going to your prom next week and I've decided
to treat you to something special.  Laura and I are going to pick
out some wonderful lingerie for you to wear on under your prom
dress." Marcie's eyes opened wide.  She had never owned anything
that sexy before. "Now take off that dress and we'll get
started.", said her mother.  Marcie hesitated as she looked at
Laura.  "Don't be embarrassed Marcie.", said the store manager,
"I've seen many, many women naked in here."  Marcie slowly undid
the buttons on her summer dress and pulled in over her head.  She
was left in her matching pink bra and bikini panty set.  "Your
bra too Marcie.", said Laura.  Marcie blushed as she unclasped
the flimsy garment and took it off.  Laura and her mother looked
openly at her firm breasts.  Laura now took out a series of
different bras.  Each was more revealing and more risque than the
last.  Marcie blushed again as she felt Laura's hands adjusting
the bra and moving her breasts in them.  Her mother and Laura
looked at each bra appraisingly, having Marcie turn this way and
that as she modeled the flimsy garments.  They finally settled on
a push-up half-bra that left most of her breasts uncovered.  It
more presented her breasts than protected them.  It was more
daring than anything Marcie could have imagined wearing.  She
looked at herself in the mirrors of the room and she couldn't
deny that the effect was exciting.  Marcie was embarrassed that
her nipples hardened once again as she looked at them.  The
nipples were completely on display above the top of the white
lace.  Both Laura and her mom noticed them immediately and smiled
knowingly at Marcie.  "OK Marcie, now take off those panties.",
said Laura, "We're going to try on some stockings and garter
belts."  Marcie began to reach down and remove her panties when
suddenly she remembered; Her pussy was completely shaved!  Marcie
turned bright red and stopped.  "Uh, uh, couldn't I keep them
on.", she stammered in a tiny voice.  "Marcie", said her mother,
"Do as you're told.  Now, get those panties off."  "But I don't
want to.", said Marcie.  Her mother's face suddenly took on a
very stern expression.  "You will remove those panties right now,
young lady."  Marcie's face was now hot and flushed.  "Please,
no." she whimpered.  "Come over here Marcie.", said her mother in
a no-nonsense voice.  Marcie shuffled over to her mother's side.
This was just how she sounded when Marcie was about to get a
spanking.  Surely she wouldn't get one here!  Not here in front
of a strange woman.  Marcie soon had her question answered as her
mother reached out and grabbed her wrists and pulled her over her
lap.  Marcie's embarrassment reached a peak and she felt tears
welling up behind her eyes.  Her mother grasped the waistband of
Marcie's panties and pulled them down and off her long legs.  The
spanking started next and Marcie felt her bottom get hot under
the stinging spanks of her mother.    Marcie's face was hot and
wet with tears when her mother finally stood her up.  Her hands
moved immediately to cover her pussy.  "Put those hands down
Marcie.", said her mom.  Reluctantly Marcie dropped her hands to
her side.  Now her shaven slit was completely visible.  She saw
her mother smile as she saw it.  Laura too was looking right at
the exposed pussy lips.  Marcie thought she would die of
embarrassment.  "Marcie, Laura will now finish your spanking.",
said her mom.  Marcie slowly shuffled over to Laura.  Tears
trickled down her cheeks in humiliation as she bent over the
woman's lap.  Laura took her time, readjusting Marcie several
times until her bottom was in the best position.  Marcie felt the
older woman's left hand holding her firmly at the small of her
back.  Her right hand rested gently on Marcie's already pink
buttocks.  Marcie felt Laura's hand gently stroking her bottom in
a soothing motion for a moment before the spanking began.  Laura
gave Marcie several hard, quick spanks then paused, her hand
resting gently on her warm cheeks.  The spanking continued like
that for a while.  Laura would give four or five spanks then
pause to stroke the young teenage bottom gently.  It was like no
other punishment that Marcie had ever experienced and she had
experienced many.  After a couple of minutes, Marcie had almost
gotten used to stroking when Laura's hand stroked gently down her
cheeks and Marcie felt Laura fingers trailing delicately along
her crack!  They passed teasingly over Marcie's sensitive anus
and continued down to her slit.  Marcie shivered at the touch.
It was soooooo exciting.  Five or six hard smacks followed then
Laura's fingers again glided down between Marcie's cheeks.  Laura
paused for a moment. "Open your legs Marcie.", she said.  Marcie
allowed her legs to fall open.  Laura's finger slid lower and
lower, all the way down to her clit which was, by now, soaked in
Marcie's own juices.  "Stand up Marcie.", said Laura.  Marcie got
to her feet slowly feeling the heat in her buttocks and a
different kind of heat in her pussy.  Laura looked over at
Marcie's mom.  "Janice, she's soaking wet.", she said.  Marcie's
face blushed red again as this was announced.  "I think she
enjoys being submissive." continued Laura.  Marcie's mom smiled.
"Yes I know.", she said, "She's been getting aroused for ages
whenever her father or I have given her a bare-bottomed spanking.
Marcie couldn't believe her ears!  Here was her own mother and
this strange woman discussing her most intimate moments right out
in the open!  Nothing more was said for the moment and Laura
busied herself getting garter belts and stockings onto Marcie.
They finally settled on a set that left Marcie looking hotter
than she thought she ever would.  Again she posed in the
clothing, but this time the poses became more and more
suggestive.  Marcie willingly followed all of the instructions.
She felt her pussy becoming more and more wet and every once in a
while, she would notice in the mirror the glisten of her juices
on her slit.    Finally Laura ordered into the middle of the room
and had her stand with her legs wide apart and her hands clasped
behind her head.  Marcie was told to remain in this position.
"We're going to ask you some questions Marcie", said her mom,
"and I want you to answer honestly and fully."  Marcie's
breathing had quickened.  "OK", she said in a low voice.  "First
of all", asked Laura, 'When was the first time you masturbated?"
Marcie's face turned red again as she stammered out her reply,
"About two years ago."  "How often do you masturbate?", asked her
mother. "Almost every day.", said Marcie hesitantly.  "What
objects have you inserted in your pussy?", asked Laura.  Marcie
slowly listed her hairbrush, her fingers, a long necked bottle
and a small cucumber.  "Have you ever put your finger into your
bottom?", asked her mother. Marcie looked at her mother in shock!
She could barely get the word out, "Yyyyyeeeeess", she said.
Laura and her mom smiled.  "What objects have you put into your
ass?", asked Laura.  Marcie's voice was shaking as she told about
using her fingers, the handle of her brush and a tube of lipstick
up there.  "Oh, I think we can do better than that.", said Laura
mysteriously.  The questioning went on as Marcie described
everything sexual that she had ever done.  She even the time that
her boyfriend Bobby had almost taken her virginity at the beach.
When they had finished asking everything they could think of,
Marcie was flushed and almost panting.  She had never been so
turned on in her life!  Laura left the room for a moment and
returned carrying a small box.  Marcie was still standing as
instructed with her legs apart and her hands behind her head.
Laura opened the box and leaned over to whisper something to her
mother.  Marcie's mom smiled and nodded her head.  Laura looked
up at the young girl "Turn around Marcie then bend over and touch
your toes.", said her mother, "Laura is going to give you a
special present.  Marcie did as she was asked.  She hoped that
the present wasn't another spanking... Her bottom was already
sore.  Between her legs she saw Laura take something out of the
box and begin covering it with some kind of ointment.  As Laura
turned toward Marcie, the object became visible as a small
plastic dildo that was shiny with the lubricant covering it.
Marcie felt Laura's fingers at her ass gently spreading her
cheeks and then the cool touch of the object at her anus.  Marcie
gasped as the anal intruder was gently but firmly pushed into her
body.  She was panting hard when Laura finally let her up, the
butt plug now solidly in place.  Marcie could see that both her
mom and Laura seemed excited too.  Laura sat down again, leaving
Marcie standing in the middle of the room.  The sensation of
having the plug holding her anus open was causing Marcie to
tremble.  She could feel her juices trickling down her inner
thighs.  "Now, Marcie", said her mother in a throaty voice,
"Would you like to be allowed to come?"  Marcie nodded her head.
She was so hot that she was whimpering softly.  She would do
anything to be allowed to come.  Then ask Mistress Laura to let
you.", said her mother.  Marcie turned to Laura, "Please Mistress
Laura, please let me."  Laura smiled at her, "Very well Marcie,
show us how you can come.  Play with yourself."  Marcie dropped
her hands to her soaking pussy.  Her fingers found her clit hard
and hot.  Marcie was so close already that it only took a moment.
She felt the orgasm start first deep in her belly.  She could
feel her tummy start to tremble and then she felt her bottom
clamp down hard on the anal plug.  Well, that was IT!  Marcie
heard a ringing in her ears and she sank to her knees as spasm
after spasm racked her body.  Each peak caused her to tighten on
the butt plug again and each time she did, it caused another
peak.  As if from a distance, Marcie heard herself cry out again
and again.  It was quite a few minutes before she finally calmed
down.  Her body was covered in sweat and she felt totally
drained.  She looked up to see that both her mother and Laura had
lifted their skirts and had brought themselves to their own
orgasms!  The two older women helped Marcie to her feet.  They
helped her with her dress, pulling it over her head and down over
the sexy lingerie.  Marcie looked up and asked if she could take
out the plug from her bottom.  Her mother smiled down at her, "No
Marcie, you'll wear it until you get home.  You're boyfriend is
waiting for you there you know."  A shiver ran down Marcie's
spine as she wondered what further adventures waited for her at
home.
