STORY # 07                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
THE COUNTRY HOUSE
________________________________________________________________

     It is a warm sunny Saturday morning and you have just
answered the phone.  "Hello", I say "are you ready for an
adventure?"  You smile at the thought of yet another outrageous
adventure and you say, "Yes!"  "Good", I whisper, "Do you
remember the young blond you initiated?  Well, if you come to my
country house, you'll have her at your command. I'll pick you up
in ten minutes."  You feel your nipples harden at the thought of
being the mistress of this pretty blond slave.  Ten minutes later
you are ready.  You are wearing a tight white blouse, a miniskirt
and running shoes.  As usual, you are not wearing either a bra or
panties.  Your freshly shaved pussy is already starting to get
wet.  As a final touch, you have inserted you butt plug into your
bottom.  As you sit in the car, you feel the lubricated plug push
deeper into your rectum.  Without asking, you immediately pull
your short skirt up to the level of your waist.  "I'm wearing my
butt plug.", you say. I smile at the at the thought.  It is a
quick drive to the cottage which is situated next to a lake in
the middle of a beautiful wooded area.  As we pull into the
driveway, I hand you the keys.  "She is waiting for you.", I say,
"I will be back later."  I then push two fingers deep into your
wet pussy and after I take them out, I lick them sensuously.  You
moan as your pussy is stretched by the fingers.  You get out of
the car and enter the cottage.  In the living room you see her.
She is wearing a thin cotton skirt that goes to her knees and a
light blue cotton shirt that is unbuttoned almost to her waist.
Her hands are tied together and then to a rope which is looped
over a beam in the ceiling.  She is stretched so that she must
stay on tip-toe to remain standing.  Her feet are bare and you
see her sneakers tossed in the corner.  She is also blindfolded.
You don't move for a moment knowing that she has heard you come
in and imagining her anticipation.  You look at her carefully.
You are sure that her breasts and pussy are not covered by any
underclothing and you decide not to remove her blindfold just
yet.  You move right up in front of her so you can feel her
breath on your face.  You reach up and touch her full lips with
your fingertips.  She gasps at this first touch.  "Please", she
whispers.  You smile.  It is unclear whether she means please
stop or please go on and you know that either way is irrelevant.
You reach down and pull apart the sides of her blouse.  Her
breasts come into view.  They are large but firm and they are
topped with magnificent nipples.  Your own nipples are large
especially when they are hard like they are now but hers are
larger.  The are long and thick and they stick out to over a
half-inch.  They are surrounded by dark areola.  She is breathing
a little heavier now anticipating her breasts being touched.
Instead, your hands move lower and unfasten her skirt letting it
fall in a heap around her ankles.  You pull up a chair in front
of her.  "We are going to have plenty of opportunity to find out
about you.", you tell her, "First, we're going to find out what
turns you on."  The girl shifts uneasily on her feet.  She is
still blindfolded.  "Let's talk about your breasts.", you say,
"Are they sensitive?"  Her voice quivers a little as she
responds, "Yes."  "Tell me what you like to have done to them."
"I like it when they're squeezed very hard.", she says, "And I
like it when the nipples are pulled."  "Very good", you say, "And
how should the nipples be pulled?"  "Very hard.", she admits, "I
like it when they're pulled until it starts to hurt.  I also like
those nipple clamp things that pinch them."  "Anything else?",
You ask.  She hesitates for a moment and then says, "Well, my
boyfriend slapped my breasts lightly with a little leather strap
once and I came right away."  You smile at the thought.  You
stand up and grasp one of her long nipples in each hand holding
them tightly between forefinger and thumb.  You begin pulling
them rhythmically steadily increasing the pressure on each
stroke.  The young girl begins to moan as you pinch her nipples
hard and pull them and her breasts up.  You hold them there for
one long moment and then let go.  The nipples are as hard as
little pebbles and the blond gasps as they are released.  You
reach down and pull gently at her pubic hair.  "You will lose
this shortly.", you say.  "Please don't!", she pleads.  "Why
not?", you ask.  "I'd feel like a little girl.", she whispers
back.  You remember what it was like when your pubic hair was
first removed and how mortified you felt.  "Then you'll just have
to feel like a little girl.", you tell her.  You unfasten her
hands from the beam and you lead her over to a table.  After
removing her blouse so that she is completely naked, you have her
lie back on the table and you tie her so her hands are stretched
above her head and her knees are far apart.  You see the light
blond hair perfectly framing her pussy and you can see her
crinkled anus fully exposed.  You make a quick trip to the
bathroom for supplies and you take the opportunity to remove your
own butt plug which had become a little uncomfortable.  You are
sure that you can put it to better use.  During the next few
minutes you shave the blond's pubis completely.  You take your
time and you do a thorough job, reaching down all the way to
catch the small hairs between her pussy and ass.  The young girl
whimpers throughout the entire process.  When it is done, you
take some baby oil and begin rubbing it into her pussy.  You oil
every nook and cranny, paying particular attention to her
clitoris.  Soon she is squirming in her bonds.  You oil the
inside lips of her pussy pulling and stretching them wide apart
to expose the pink interior.  She is, of course, helpless to stop
you.  You lay a hand flat on her mound and you feel the heat
rising from it.  Then, oh so slowly, you slide one hot, oiled
finger into her pussy and into her ass at the same time until
both are embedded to their fullest.  The girl lets out an
uncontrollable moan.  She is close to coming but you don't let
her yet.  You reach up and undo her blindfold.  "I want you to
see this.", you say.  You position a large mirror so that she can
see her now naked pussy.  "You should get a good look.", you tell
her as you reach down.  You grasp the edges of her pink pussy
lips with the tips of your fingers and you pull them apart until
they are stretched wide enough to be uncomfortable.  She blushes
as she looks at her own pussy now more exposed that it has ever
been before.  You let go of her pussy and stand up.  Her eyes
follow your every movement.  You take your plastic butt plug in
one hand and begin coating it with lubricant.  Her eyes open wide
apart.  "Do you know what I'm going to do with this?", you ask
her.  She nods her head.  "Say it.", you say.  Her voice sounds
just like a little girl as she says, "You're going to push into
my bottom until it hurts."  "No", you say, "It wont hurt at all."
Very slowly, you begin to insert the plug into her bottom.  You
watch her anus expand to accommodate it.  The blond's hips are
now moving reflexively up and down as her ass is slowly filled
up.  Soon it is lodged in her to its fullest.  You reach up with
one hand and pinch one of her nipples quite hard.  With the other
hand you slowly move the hard intruder in and out of her tight
behind.  It only takes a minute before she begins to come.  Her
short quick gasps become cries of pleasure as her whole body
tightens in the orgasm.  You keep stimulating her for a while
longer as she peaks again and again.  Watching her come has
excited you so much that you can't resist touching yourself.  It
takes the briefest of strokes on your already soaking pussy
before you give a little cry and come too.  A few minutes later
you pull the girl to her feet.  You remove her butt plug before
you tie her hands behind her back and you attach a dog collar to
her neck.  You take a long leash and with one end fastened to the
collar and the other end firmly in hand, lead the blond outside.
She is still hot from her recent orgasm and she protest weakly as
you pull her out the door and onto a path into the woods.  You
walk slowly, allowing her to pick her way carefully in her bare
feet.  You stop for a moment and look back at her.  She is
blushing furiously and looking around to see if there is anyone
there.  You walk on for a few more minutes before you stop.  You
take her blindfold out of your bag and cover her eyes with it.
Next you take your rope and use it to tie her.  You have her lay
on her back on a wide patch of moss.  You take her hands and tie
them to a tree so they're stretched out above her head.  Her
ankles and knees are tied to two convenient trees on either side
so that they are held wide apart about a foot above the ground.
You step back to observe your handiwork.  She is beautiful.  The
sun hits this patch of the forest just so.  Her pussy and ass are
completely exposed to you.  You look between her legs and you see
the sunlight glisten off the mixture of oil and her own juices on
her shaved pussy.  Further down, the sun catches the sight of the
lubricant still evident around her crinkled rosebud.  She is
breathing heavily.  If anything, this has excited her beyond
where she was before.  Being completely vulnerable here, in the
open, has turned her on.  "What are you going to do to me?", she
asks in a hesitant, little girl voice.  You say nothing.  "Please
don't leave me here.  Please.  Anyone might come by.  What if
they saw me?"  You smile at the thought but still you say
nothing.  After a moment, you move to the other side of the
clearing.  You reach down and pick a spray of nettles.  You move
back over beside the helpless girl.  Without speaking you reach
down and gently rub the frond of nettles across her engorged
nipples.  She is startled at the touch.  The scratchy nettles
begin to irritate the nipples almost immediately.  You know from
experience how itchy they can be.  You stand up and move down
between her legs.  Bending down, you rub the irritating buds
along the lips of her slit.  She moans as her hips begin
squirming about.  For the final touch, you rub one frond gently
across her exposed anus.  You press the prickly nettle gently,
making sure that it will have its effect.  When you stand up, you
see that the stimulation of the nettles has already begun.  She
is moaning softly, pulling at the ropes which bind her in an
attempt to touch herself.  Her pussy has begun lubricating again,
its juices trickling down between her buttocks.  A few minutes
more, you think, and she will be willing to do anything.  As you
start to walk away, the blond cries out, "Where are you going?"
You don't reply.  You take a leisurely stroll along the path
wondering what might happen if someone actually discovered her
there.  About ten minutes later, you walk back into the clearing.
She is moaning steadily now.  Her shaved pussy is soaking wet.
She hears your footsteps and blushes again.  "Hello....hello?",
she asks tentatively.  You pick up a thin flexible branch and sit
down next to her.  With the branch firmly in hand, you gently
slap both her breasts with it.  She lets out a little cry at the
sensation.  You don't slap her hard enough to hurt her, just hard
enough that the stimulation of her over stimulated body in
enhanced.  You slap her again, making sure that the tip of the
branch touches the nipple of one breast.  You alternately slap
one nipple then the other until they are as hard and excited as
they can be.  Then, you stand up and begin lightly slapping the
sides of her pussy with the branch.  She is dripping wet now.
The sensation of the branch touching the sides of her pussy is
almost more than she can bear.  She is very close to coming.  You
lay a few strokes on the sensitive inner lips of her pussy and a
couple directly onto her hard clitoris.  She is moaning and
pulling on the ropes of her bonds trying to get free so she can
satisfy herself.  You can't take any more yourself.  You drop the
branch and your clothes on the ground.  You place yourself
between her legs so that your left leg crosses under her right
and your right leg crosses over her left.  You scoot down so that
both of your shaven, wet slits touch.  The sensation is electric!
Immediately you both begin grinding your pussies together.  The
hot wet feeling of another woman's slit touching yours is
incredible.  It takes only a minute and you both cry out as your
juices mix in an orgasm that takes you both over the brink.
