FILE:    STORY15.TXT       CODE: F3M1   LENGTH:
TITLE:   Special School for Discipline #5
AUTHOR:  The Master Chris Collection
SOURCE:  The Dungeon
------------------------------------------------------------------
     "Robert, come in!", you say in a load, commanding voice.
The door to your office opens and Robert appears.  Robert is one
of the students in the very special training school that you are
in charge of.  He is a slender lad, about 5'11" tall with short
brown hair and crystal clear blue eyes.  He seventeen years old
and very attractive.  His training has progressed very well so
far.  He has become willing to follow all of your instructions no
matter how embarrassing they are to him personally.  He has, over
the last couple of weeks, learned about his body while being
restrained in a variety of places and positions.  You have been
able to play him like a finely tuned instrument.  You have
discovered together where he is sensitive and where he is not.
You have seen him squirm with pleasure as his sensitive bottom
was penetrated oh, so slowly by your finger.  You have watched
his cock spring to attention as you announced a bare-bottomed
spanking as punishment.  You have heard him cry out as his sperm
shot high onto the air during a particularly intense orgasm.  Now
he stands quietly in front of your desk.  He is shifting
nervously from foot to foot.  His mind is racing, anticipating
with both fear and excitement what erotic pleasures he will be
forced to experience today.  You have decided that it is time for
Robert to have a breakthrough in his training.  For the last two
weeks, Robert has been dominated only by you.  He has learned to
be obedient to you and is obviously willing to experience an
orgasm at your hand in whatever fashion you decide today.  But
today, you will not be the only person dominating him.  You smile
as you think of the plans you have in store for the afternoon.
"Robert", you say, "Please remove all of your clothes."  Robert's
face turns a beet red as he hears this request.  He has not been
able to get used to being ordered to expose himself in front of a
woman.  He hesitates for a moment before his hands move slowly to
the buttons of his shirt.  First, his shirt, then his socks and
pants are removed leaving him in only his underwear.  You wait
patiently as his hands pause with his thumbs in the waistband of
the briefs.  Finally, he pulls them down in one quick motion and
steps out of them.  He stands before you with his hands covering
his cock and balls.  "Place your hands behind your back please.",
you say quietly.  He blushes again as he follows your
instructions.  His prick has begun to get hard and you pause for
a moment, looking at his heavy balls hanging under his
circumcised organ.  You take the wrist restraints out of your
desk drawer and stand up.  You fasten his wrists together in
front of him and then you fasten a blindfold over his eyes.
Unable to see, his breathing now becomes a little heavier and his
cock hardens quickly.  You lead him across the room and out the
side door which leads to a now empty corridor.  His breathing has
become even heavier as he now knows he is outside your office,
completely naked!  You walk him down to the end of the corridor
and into a room you have prepared.  As you walk in, you see the
two female students you were expecting; Janice and Terri.  You
put a finger over your lips to make sure they stay silent as you
bring Robert to a padded massage table in the middle of the room.
You position him on the table, on his back and begin slowly and
efficiently tying him up.  His hands are stretched above his head
and tied to the top of the table.  His legs are lifted wide apart
and attached to ropes designed specifically for this purpose.  By
the time you are finished, he is completely helpless and totally
exposed.  You step back to observe your handiwork.  His cock is
now rock hard and his balls look large and heavy as they hang
below it.  Looking a little lower, you see that you have left his
sensitive anus completely exposed.  His mouth is now parted as he
pants, waiting with the delicious anticipation of a sexual slave
who does not know what to expect next.  You turn now to the two
girls you are training to dominate men.  They are both eighteen
years old and are very pretty.  Janice is a true blond and stands
just under six feet tall.  She carries herself like a fashion
model and always looks comfortable in her body.  She is dressed
in a leather corset that leaves her buttocks and pussy exposed
and pushes her breasts together and up on display.  The nipples
are not covered and you can see that they are already hard.   She
has not taken her eyes off Robert's hard prick since he walked in
and she is licking her lips sensuously.  Terri, on the other
hand, is more petite in her appearance.  She is a brunette with a
tight trim body that is now almost completely naked.  As
instructed, she is wearing a garter belt, stockings, leather
cuffs and a leather collar.  She looks like the tougher of the
two.  Her tiny nipples are also sticking up and you can see the
juices from her shaved pussy glistening on the folds of her slit.
You sit down to watch the action and the girls go right to work.
Janice starts by putting a tiny dab of hot lotion on Robert's
nipples.  He begins squirming right away as this extra
stimulation of his nipples seems to travel directly to his cock.
Moving a little lower, Janice rubs a small dab on the bottom side
of the head of his dick and it bobs up and down in appreciation.
Robert moans at the touch to his sensitive organ.  The lotion
begins its effect right away and in a moment, he is pleading for
relief from the warm, teasing feeling the lotion is having on
him.  Janice starts to move away but Terri takes the ointment
from her and puts a small bit directly onto his exposed anus.
His hips jump from the table against his restraints as she rubs
the sensitive area slowly.  Now Terri, takes a long feather and
touches the tip of it against the back of his left knee.  Moving
very slowly, she runs the tip of the feather along his inner
thigh towards his genitals.  As the feather begins to travel up
the sensitive skin just to the side of his cock, Robert begins
straining towards it, pleading for her to touch his cock.  Terri
allows him no relief.  Instead, she now runs the feather across
his now hot nipples.  Janice has taken an ice cube and starts to
drip the ice-cold water from it onto Robert's nipples while Terri
plays.  Robert gasps.  It is immediately apparent to him that
there is more that one woman here and he is completely helpless
to do anything about it.  You stand up and remove his blindfold.
His eyes turn wide as saucers as he sees the two teenage girls
teasing his defenseless body.  His blush travels down his face
and onto his chest in his embarrassment.  Terri is now standing
between his legs and tickling his sensitive anus with the tip of
the feather.  The sensation is almost too much and you see
Robert's prick begin to twitch in the sure signs of an orgasm.
The girls stop instantly and wait until it has passed.  Robert is
beside himself.  He is now begging the girls to let him come as
they alternately drip ice onto the head of his cock and tickle it
with the feather.  The girls untie him from the table and tie his
hands behind his back.  They have him kneel down in front of
Terri.  While Janice holds him from behind, Terri holds the
sensitive lips of her pussy wide apart.  He can clearly see the
pink inner lips of her pussy and the hot juices running down her
thigh.  Robert sticks his tongue out as far as it will go and
Terri moves forward enough that just the tip of his tongue can
touch her.  He feverishly runs the tip of his tongue up and down
Terri's sensitive pink lips.  She doesn't allow him to get close
and he moans in frustration.  She adjusts herself so he can
barely touch the tip of her clitoris and he now directs his
attention there.  When she can stand it no more, she moves closer
and instructs him to run his tongue deep into her pussy.  She is
now moaning and holding his head firmly in place. She pulls his
mouth up to cover her clitoris and he obediently sucks it into
his mouth.  His hot tongue slides under the hood of her clit and
his lips pull the hard nubbin between them.  He runs his tongue
rapidly back and forth across her sensitive clitoris until she
cries out with pleasure.  Her whole body tightens and she throws
her head back.  You watch excitedly as her knees begin to shake
and then she screams as the orgasm runs through her.  Robert's
face is covered in her juices as Janice informs him that he is
about to get a bare-bottomed spanking.  Robert blushes in his
embarrassment.  It is one thing to get a spanking from you who is
older than him, but to suffer the kind of humiliating punishment
that a little boy would get from someone his own age is
unbearable.  Nevertheless, he obediently bends over Janice's knee
to receive his chastisement.  She holds him firmly in place and
instructs him to spread his legs wide apart.  He reluctantly does
so.  She starts by rubbing his tight buttocks all over and
occasionally sliding her hands between his legs to squeeze his
balls or cock.  Then she slowly spanks his buttocks until they
are a rosy red.  He is squirming by the end of it.  She pauses
for a moment and then you see her slide a finger into her own
soaking pussy.  She takes it out and slowly but firmly slides its
full length into his sensitive bottom.  Robert gasps at the
sensation.  She slides it in and out until he is just about to
come from it and then stops.  Robert moans out loud, frustrated
once again.  She has him get on his knees in front of her and
then pulls his face right into her pussy.  Robert licks for all
he is worth and it only takes a moment before Janice now screams
in ecstacy.  The girls now take Robert and re-attach him to the
table.  His blindfold is replaced and we see that his red cock is
quivering as he pleads for release.  Terri opens a jar of honey
and takes a large dab on one finger as Janice pops a couple of
ice cubes into her mouth.  Terri touches his sensitive anus and
very slowly slides her honey coated finger into his ass.  You
know from experience that the sensation is like having your whole
body melt at once.  Robert's body strains upwards and his hard
cock slides right into the waiting mouth of Janice who has the
ice in her mouth.  The combination of hot and cold on his cock
along with the exquisite sensations going on in his ass has
Robert pulling with all his might at the ropes which hold him.
He cries out, screaming with pleasure as he empties his balls in
a mind-shattering orgasm.  It takes a few minutes before they all
calm down.  The girls leave and you untie Robert and lead him
back to your office.  His knees are weak, he is totally drained
and you walk slowly.  Watching these three over the last hour has
turned you on like never before.  If you don't come right now,
you feel like you will explode.  You close the door to your
office and sit down on the nearest chair.  You pull your skirt to
your waist.  As usual, you are not wearing any panties.  "Lick me
Robert.", you gasp.  You hook your legs over the arms of the
chair to expose yourself completely.  Robert falls right to his
knees and you feel his hot tongue run deep inside you and along
your long pussy lips.  When he sucks your clitoris into his
mouth, your passion boils over and your orgasm shakes your body
as you cry out for more.  It is one of the best working days you
have ever had!
