STORY # 24                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
SUBMISSION IN THE SUBURBS
________________________________________________________________


     It is Friday night and you have spent the evening spending a
bunch of money.  A couple of your credit cards have flattened
themselves out in your effort to buy some exciting purchases.
Your shopping spree is now over but only because all of the
really great stores have already closed.  You have been all over
town.  The fun started when you went out looking for some sexy
lingerie to turn me on with and ended up getting turned on
yourself instead.  Now your arm holds several bags.  From the
local department store, you have one bag containing a couple of
very daring teddies and some sheer silk panties.  Another bag
hold the hottest dress you have ever considered.  It is
completely backless and has a plunging neckline that goes almost
to your navel.  The slits up the side make sure that your entire
thigh will be exposed at the slightest movement.  You were shy
wearing the dress alone in the dressing room.  You can't imagine
what it will be like to wear it in public.  Some of your other
parcels contain even more interesting purchases.  One bag holds
the  latest in bondage magazines.  You know that it is my
favorite and you got it for me despite your embarrassment at
walking into the sex shop for it.  While you were there, in fact,
you got a few other items.  One is a new vibrator complete with
raised ribs.  This item looks like it will out perform your old
one without even turning on.  The other box contains Ben Wa
balls.  You have always been curious about them and now you are
determined to find out what all the excitement is about.  The
cars in the parking lot have pretty much cleared out and you can
see your car over in the distance.  As you start to walk towards
it, you hear a whistle behind you.  Your head snaps around,
startled at the sound.  There are four teenage boys standing
there.  They look pretty tough in their leather jackets.  They
call out to you but you ignore them and walk quickly towards your
car.  Thankfully, they don't follow.  You unlock the driver's
door and throw your bags in ahead of you.  It is not until the
door is locked behind you that you breath a sigh of relief.  All
of a sudden, the passenger door opens and one of the young boys
jumps in.  You open your mouth to yell at him when he holds up
his hand and looks very intense, "Don't say ANYTHING!", he says
in a low but dangerous voice.  A moment later, the boys have
opened your door and pulled you out of the car.  They stand in a
semi-circle around you.  You are terrified.  The eldest looks
about seventeen years old but they all look tough.  It is the
older one who speaks to you.  "If you do exactly as I say, you
won't be hurt."  You nod your head slowly.  He smiles at your
immediate obedience.  "Turn around.", he says.  You turn around
to face the car.  "Lift your skirt and show us your panties."
You hear the boys snicker as you reach down to lift your skirt to
your waist.  He makes you stand like that for a moment, exposing
your lacy white panties in the middle of the parking lot before
he tells you to cover yourself. You feel him pulling your wrists
behind you and then you feel the cold metallic snap of handcuffs
closing over your wrists.  The boys push you back into the back seat
where you sit in between two of them.  One boy slides behind the
wheel and starts the car.  You drive slowly through the city
heading you know not where.  The two boys in the back seat keep
touching your helpless body.  You feel them squeeze your firm
breasts and one hand slides slowly up your thigh to touch your
warm mound.  Although the entire experience is terrifying, you
are also a little turned on.  Twenty minutes later you are in a
basement of an office complex.  The boys sit you down on the
floor in the middle of a circle composed of 'the gang'.  There
are about twenty kids here.  They range from about fourteen years
old to maybe seventeen.  At least a third of them are girls and
they all look like they're tough.  You look over at a nearby
table where your purchases are being opened.  You close your
eyes. 'Oh no!', you say to yourself, 'What will happen when they
look through some of those bags.'  You haven't got long to wait.
You hear squeals of delight from the girls who pull out your
lace, see-through teddies and hold them up for everyone to see.
One of the boys holds up your new vibrator and everyone laughs.
One of the girls reaches up to stroke it and then looks right at
you and smiles.  It is the most disconcerting movement you have
ever experienced.  The Ben Wa balls are next and you see one of
the boys playing with them.  You know now that you are in for an
experience that is not to be missed.  You can feel you pussy
getting wet and you are sure that eventually these kids are going
to get around to discovering that.  You look up to see that the
eldest boy is looking through my bondage magazine and keeps
looking from the magazine to you.  You blush and look down as he
catches your eye and smiles.  He leans down close to you.  "Do
you like playing the games in this magazine?", he says softly.
You look right at him.  You find yourself unable to lie to him,
"Yes.", you say in a near whisper.  He smiles again.  "Then we'll
play a game.", he says.  Your heart sinks as you think about your
helplessness.  He pulls you to your feet.  They bring into one of
the offices on this floor.  It is a well lit conference room and
contains a number of comfortable chairs and a large table in the
fully carpeted room.  "Get up on the table.", says the boy.  You
are assisted in standing up on the table.  Two of the boys jump
up as well and remove your handcuffs.  Your hands are not left
free, however.  They are immediately re-attached to the ceiling
of the room leaving you helpless.  You can see the leader of the
gang giving instructions to the other kids.  Now two of the girls
get up on the table and one pulls out a large pair of scissors.
She starts to cut away at your blouse.  It doesn't take long and
the garment has been removed from your body.  You are wearing a
lacy bra today and this is much easier.  She cuts the straps and
undoes the bra to let it fall to the floor.  Your breasts spring
free and in your position, you are unable to cover them.
Everyone stops for a moment to admire them.  Despite yourself,
your extra-long nipples are already hard and the older boy
(David) tells one of the girls to pull on them.  You feel her
fingernails as her fingers slide along your stretched breasts to
grasp the sensitive nipples.  She twists them slightly and then
slowly pulls them out, away from your body, pinching hard at the
same time.  You close your eyes and moan at the sensation.  She
stops and you feel one of their hands at your waist.  The clasp
to your skirt is undone and one girl slowly undoes the zipper
completely.  The skirt falls in a puddle at your feet leaving you
in only your white silk panties.  You know that the panties are
going to come off next and show these kids your shaven pussy.
You hope against hope that it won't happen even as you feel one
of the girls move behind you and slide her fingers into the
waistband of your panties.  She starts to pull them down and
lowers the back half of them to uncover your buttocks.  She turns
you around to show the group the smooth white skin of your
bottom.  The other girl gives you a playful smack on one cheek.
They turn you around again so that you are facing the group.  You
know what must come next.  The girl is kneeling down behind you.
She reaches around you and grasps the edge of the silk in her
fingertips.  The room seems to hold its breath as she lowers the
garment one centimeter at a time.  Ever so slowly, your long,
smooth slit is revealed until you are finally completely exposed
to these kids.  The panties are pulled off and you open your eyes
to look down at your audience.  Your shaved pussy is of the most
interest.  You know that your pussy is already very wet.  Your
juices are clearly evident on the puffed out pink lips of your
slit.  One of the girls reaches down and runs her finger into
your lips to wet it.  She reaches up to her mouth and licks her
finger, tasting you as she giggles.  You feel your feet being
pulled apart and they are fastened with ropes about three feet
apart.  You are now completely exposed to you tormentors.  David
is sitting down watching you be fastened.  "I'm going to leave
you here with my friends for a few minutes so they can play with
your beautiful body.", he says.  "Don't worry about my missing
anything though.  We are videotaping your entire performance." He
points out the video camera in the corner of the room.  "When I
come back, I am going to give your pretty little bottom a
spanking and then we are going to see what you look like when you
come.  I think your new vibrator should get a good workout don't
you?"  He chuckles to himself as he walks out of the room.  The
rest of the kids don't waist any time touching your body.  A
blindfold covers your eyes and you surrender yourself to the
sensations running through you.  It feels like a hundred hands
are on you at once.  Tiny, soft hands are pulling apart the
sensitive inner lips to your pussy while larger, stronger fingers
are playing with one nipple.  The other nipple is in the mouth of
one of the kids who licks and then bites in a maddening rhythm.
You feel other hands stroking your arms and legs.  Four hands
gently spread apart your soft buttocks so that your ass is more
fully exposed.  You feel a long, thin finger sliding into your
pussy and then a smaller finger covered in oil sliding into your
bottom.  Your body is squirming in its bonds as the young
tormentors play your body like an instrument.  They seem to know
what they are doing, however, because whenever you are close to
coming, they stop, and leave you hanging.  You feel your body
building slowly to an incredible orgasm.  All of a sudden, all
the hands stop and you are left hanging there, quivering with
excitement.  Your blindfold is removed and David is standing in
front of you.  He holds up a leather strap that is made
specifically for punishing and looks at you, "Have you ever had a
spanking before?", he asks.  "Yes.", you reply.  "And did you
like the spanking?"  Again you nod your head.  "Do you want a
gentle spanking or a hard spanking?", he asks quietly.  You don't
reply for a moment.  Your head is a jumble of thoughts and your
body is going crazy at the same time.  "Hard.", you whisper as
you close your eyes.  You can't believe that you revealed
yourself to him so completely.  David hands the strap to someone
standing behind you and you hear is whistle through the air just
before it hits your bottom.  The spanking is fast and furious and
is very hard.  You are crying at the end of it and your bottom
feels like its on fire.  The strapping stops and you hang there
exhausted.  Gradually, the heat moves from your buttocks into the
rest of your body and more directly, into your pussy.  The pain
fades away to be replaced with your burning sexual drive.  Your
pussy is so wet that your juices as dripping down your legs.  You
feel someone touch you there and you look down to see a very
young girl pulling your tender pink lips apart.  You are suddenly
embarrassed that you, a grown woman, are so wantonly exposed to
these children.  The embarrassment turns you on even more.  You
look down again to see another girls sliding the Ben Wa balls
into your pussy.  The metallic balls are cool and you feel them
like a weight in your body.  The sensation is strange yet
stimulating.  David puts his hands on your bottom to feel the
heat.  His hands feel wonderfully cool.  The hum of your vibrator
starts up and you look around to see one of the girls holding it.
She rubs it around her own body first and you see her slide it
under her skirt.  She closes her eyes and moans as the artificial
cock touches her.  When she pulls it out from under her skirt is
wet with her own juices.  She holds it up to your mouth.  "Lick
it.", she says.  Your tongue darts out to touch the vibrator and
you savor her taste as your mouth accepts the vibrator sliding
into it.  The blindfold is reattached over your eyes.  A moment
later, the wet instrument is playing with your hard, sensitive
nipples.  You are more and more aroused now.  Your whole body is
straining in the ropes as you pull yourself towards the vibrator.
You desperately want to come.  The metallic balls in your pussy
are still very present to you and their presence has turned you
on in a way that you didn't think possible.  It is as though you
are getting an erotic massage deep in your body.  The vibrator
continues to play across your body.  You feel David now naked
body in front of you.  The tip of his hard cock is barely
touching your drenched pussy and you strain forward in an attempt
to have him in you.  He lets the large knob of his organ slide
easily into your pussy, but he holds himself there.  You want to
pull him into you but he holds you.  He is in control here.  All
of a sudden his hands slide behind you to grasp your hot buttocks
and he pushes his length deep into you.  The Ben Wa balls still
fill you and the sensation is incredible.  The vibrator is still
playing with your hard nipples as David starts long slow thrusts
of his entire length into you.  You cry out at the intense
sensation.  The vibrator moves lower down until you sense that
the girl is sitting directly under you.  You feel the vibrator on
the stretched out lips of your shaved pussy.  You have never felt
anything like this and you cry out again.  She moves the vibrator
around until it is between you, it touches the hood of your clit
and the top of his cock as it slides in and out of you now in a
fierce rhythm.  You feel your orgasm start to build from very low
in your body.  Your hands pull desperately at the ropes holding
you and your toes curl at the feeling.  You let out a gasp, then
a moan and finally you cry out loud as your passion begins to
boil.  David is coming too and you reach a climax together,
thrusting your bodies at each other in a wild frenzy.  It is too
much for you and you pass out.  You wake in a daze a moment
later.  You are exhausted.  The kids untie you from the ceiling
and lead you back to your car.  One of the kids drives as you lie
in the back seat, still completely naked.  You can feel the Ben
Wa balls deep in your pussy but you don't even have the energy to
reach down to take them out.  They leave you with a deliciously
full feeling.  The car stops and the young boy jumps out.  You
are alone.  You have no clothes but you have little choice.  You
get behind the wheel and, still bare, you drive slowly home.  I
am waiting for you at the door and I can't believe my eyes when I
watch you walk in without clothes on.  The sight turns me on
right away.  You walk into the house and into the living room.
You lie in the middle of the floor on your back and you look up
at me.  "I'll tell you what.", you say, "If you reach down and
into my pussy and take out the Ben Wa balls that are in there,
I'll tell you a story that will turn you on like nothing you have
ever heard."  You slowly spread your legs wide apart and I reach
down to do as you ask.  Then I sit down between your legs and
gently stroke your wet, pink pussy as you start to tell the story.
