STORY # 21                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
ON THE BEACH
________________________________________________________________


     It is 1 o'clock in the morning and you can't sleep.  You
have been out on the beach all day enjoying the first full day of
your vacation.  The sun is hot and the water warm and your body
has started to unwind from the hectic pace it maintains back in
civilization.  You spent the day on the beach where your most
important activity was power tanning, something that you are
committed to keep up for the rest of your stay.  You started by
picking your spot.  It has to be just right; near the water, but
not too close, near the bar, but not too close.  You
strategically place your chair in a place where there is plenty
of scenery (of the great looking hunk kind!)  Next, you open your
bag and take out 3 types of suntan lotion.  Screen number 15 goes
on your nose and ears, number 7 goes on your face and number 3
goes on the rest of your body, by the time you have 'lathered up'
you are so hot that you're dying to go into the water.  You
decide to hold off for a couple of minutes to look around.  The
men around you are particularly attractive.  You examine each one
surreptitiously imagining yourself in one of their arms.  There
are several who are obviously single and are looking around just
More [Y,n]? 
like you.  You follow the gaze of one of them to see a gorgeous
brunette suntanning just a few feet away.  She has removed the
top half of her bikini to sunbathe topless.  You see that her
beautiful breasts are attracting the attention of a number of men
who are trying to be casual about where they are looking.  You
look around you some more to find that most of the women on the
beach are topless.  You're a little nervous.  You've never been
topless before and the thought of doing it is both exciting and
scary.  "What the hell.", you think to yourself.  IF I don't do
it right away, I never will.  You quickly reach up and undo your
top and in one fell swoop, bare your body to the world.  You lie
back and close your eyes imagining that every man on the beach is
looking at you.  Your pussy starts to get wet and you can't
remember being this horny.  The heat in your body is suddenly too
much.  You stand up and run for the water.  The cool salt water
feels wonderful against your bare breasts, just like skinny
dipping when you were a kid.  You swim for a while before heading
back to the beach for more sun.  The entire day becomes a sort of
ritual of covering yourself with suntan lotion, baking under the
sun and cooling off in the warm ocean.  "This is paradise.", you
think to yourself over and over.  Now it is 1 o'clock in the
morning and you are staring at the ceiling.  Your legs are
squirming slowly.  You lay down a few minutes ago, deciding to
More [Y,n]? 
forego the dancing at the bar.  "A good night's sleep would be
better for me", you thought.  Now, you are lying alone and your
body is crying out for attention.  All the wicked thoughts you
had on the beach all day seem to come crowding back into your
mind demanding attention.  You remember back to the morning when
you took off your top for the first time.  You remember closing
your eyes and leaning back to expose yourself to all these
strange men.  Your imagination takes over as you fantasize about
being tied to the beach chair and having your eyes blindfolded.
About being helpless to prevent all those men touching you and
arousing you.  One hand naturally reaches down and begins rubbing
your pussy.  It is soaking wet.  Your other hand steals up to
your breasts and begins stroking them gently just the way you
like it.  "This is ridiculous!", you think.  "I came here to have
fun and meet people and I'm lying in my room masturbating."  You
get out of bed and put on a light cotton dress.  It is one of
your favorite.  It is completely backless and comes down to just
above your knees.  It is a pale blue and you know that you look
great in it.  Your breasts press against the fabric and your
already hard nipples are pushing out like little bell pushes.
Your body is still demanding for attention but you ignore it.
You start to pull on your panties and then stop.  You decide not
to wear any!  Your dress has you be decent and your body is hot
More [Y,n]? 
enough not to want to.  You head down to the bar where a full
blown party has been going on since 11pm.  You kick off your
shoes and just start dancing.  The music is good and you love it.
A while later you have worked up a good thirst and you head over
to the bar to quench it.  While you are sipping your rum punch,
the man next to you says hello.  You look up into one of the most
perfect specimens of male humanness you have ever encountered.
He is about six feet tall, dark hair and the bluest eyes you have
ever seen.  He is wearing shorts and a Hawaiian shirt and his
muscular body immediately turns you on.  It is like your body
goes into overdrive.  The hormones start pumping and it sounds to
you like someone far, far away is using your voice to speak to
him as you answer.  After a little small talk, and a couple of
dances including one incredible slow dance where you got to press
your hot body against his, you are back at the bar.  You sit down
at a table with another couple from the hotel to have your
drinks.  They are young and attractive and obviously hot for each
other.  "Hey", says your friend David, "Let's take a drive over
to the other beach!  There won't be anyone there now and we could
go for a midnight swim."  No sooner said than done and you are
all in the car heading for the beach.  It is not far and soon you
are all walking along the sand under the moonlight.  The other
couple wander off on their own and you and David are walking
More [Y,n]? 
along the water's edge hand in hand.  "This is just like I hoped
my vacation would be.", you tell him.  "Me too.", he says.  He
stops for a moment and turns to you.  He leans down and slowly,
sensuously kisses you.  The kiss goes on for a long time and
takes your breath away.  It is perfect.  Your body presses up
against him and you feel his hand stroking your bare back.  You
can feel your nipples pushing against his chest and you know that
you want him.  All of a sudden he stops.  "Let's go swimming.",
he whispers.  You both throw off your clothes and run into the
water, giggling like two four-year old kids.  You have a great
time splashing each other and dunking each other in the water.
After a while, you swim back to shore and flop onto your back on
the cool sand.  David follows you slowly.  He kneels down in
front of you looking at you closely.  You look up at him and
smile.  You close your eyes and stretch your hands above your
head, offering yourself to him completely.  You lie there
passively waiting for what will come next.  Your breathing gets a
little fuller as your already aroused body anticipates his touch.
You feel his fingertips lightly stroke your breasts.  Your
nipples leap up to greet him.  They are so hard that they hurt
and you pray that he will lick them but still you keep your eyes
closed.  As if reading your mind, you feel his hot, wet tongue
slide over first the left nipple then the right.  A moan escapes
More [Y,n]? 
your lips and you arch your back, pressing your exposed breasts
into him.  His teeth bite down on your nipples gently, making you
beg for more.  You hear him move on the sand and then you feel
his hands on your thighs, urging them apart.  You spread your
legs, slowly revealing your soaking pussy.  Your body is
squirming slowly on the sand.  You need him, want him, desire him
in your body.  The thought that there are other people right near
you on the beach adds a sense of excitement that you have never
experienced before.  All of a sudden you feel his prick touch
you.  You pause, every muscle in your body is tense, waiting for
him to penetrate you.  The knob of is cock urges inside your hot
box and you hear yourself panting.  You strain upwards, trying to
get more of him into you but he doesn't allow it.  The only
contact between your bodies is the tip of his prick separating
your pussy lips and tantalizing your need.  You let out a load
moan and beg him to do it.  Very, very slowly, he starts to slide
himself into you, the long thin cock gently glides its length
into your body until you are feel your bodies pressing against
each other once more.  You let out a long sigh, suddenly
realizing that you had been holding your breath.  At first almost
imperceptibly and then slowly but steadily he starts to move in
and out of you.  Your bodies hit a perfect rhythm immediately and
soon you are both lost in the sensation, pressing against each
More [Y,n]? 
other for all you are worth.  You feel your orgasm building
slowly.  Soon it seems as though you won't be able to bear it.
You hold onto him and pull him deep into you as you feel an
explosion start from low in your belly and spread up and out to
consume you totally.  You cry out together as he comes as well
and finally, spent, you lie there together.  You open your eyes,
finally, and over your head you see a sky full of stars.  You
smile contentedly listening to the sound of the waves lapping
against the shore mixed with the soft sound of David's breathing.
"Life is just perfect.", you think to yourself as you drift off
into a blissful sleep.
