STORY # 08                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
KIDNAPPED TO THE ISLANDS
________________________________________________________________

     One day while waiting in the car, you see a large blue van
pull alongside.  The driver looks down at you and smiles.  You
smile back but all of a sudden, your car door is yanked open and
two young black men pull you out of the car.  Before you can
think to scream, you are already in the back of the van. You are
blindfolded and tied up.  The van drives for about a half hour
then stops.  You are taken out of the van and into a house.  Your
blindfold is removed and you are untied.  There are six or seven
people in the room and one of them says, "We are going to take
some pictures of you now.  If you don't cooperate fully, you will
be punished.  Remove all of your clothes."  As your hands move to
the buttons on your blouse, a camera begins to take pictures.
You are very nervous.  The camera continues to flash as you strip
completely before these strangers.  Close-ups are taken of your
breasts and their hard nipples.  Also, of your shaved pussy.  You
are put in a variety of positions each one more revealing than
the last.  You are photographed with your pussy lips held wide
apart to expose the pink interior.  In the next picture, a young
girl holds your buttocks apart to display your anus.  You are
photographed with a finger held deep in your bottom and again
with a vibrator held up your pussy.  You have your picture taken
with your tongue sticking out to touch the head of a cock and
again touching a woman's nipple.  Finally, it is over.  You find
yourself wet with excitement as you are taken, naked, back to the
truck.  You are still without any clothing as you are led aboard
a private jet at the airport and tied to the seat.  During the
four hour flight to your unknown destination, the other two
passengers, a man and a woman, take delight in teasing your
helpless body.  They play with your nipples and pussy and you
come again and again as they touch you.  It is nighttime when you
leave the plane on a warm Caribbean island.  You are driven
several miles into the countryside before you reach your final
destination.  It is a small village.  You are brought into a
small hut where a huge black man says, "We know you.  We know you
are a sexual slave.  You have been brought here deliberately.
Tonight you will play part in a tremendous ritual."  You are very
Dcared.  What will they do to you, you wonder.  Two women enter
the hut and begin oiling your naked body.  The spend particular
attention on oiling your pussy.  Their long slim fingers slide in
and around your shaved pussy lips and despite yourself, you begin
to get turned on.  After several minutes they stop with you
having almost come a dozen times.  They tie long ropes to your
wrists and ankles.  Two more women enter and with one woman each
holding one of the ropes, you are led from the hut to the center
of the village.  The entire village is there and they eye you
appreciatively as your naked, oiled body is pulled into the
center of the crowd and displayed.  In the center of the village
is a large stone altar and it is upon this that you are forced to
lie on your back.  The four women hold the ropes firmly so that
your arms and legs are spread-eagled and your body is on display.
A moment later, a young black man is brought, naked to the altar.
You look down and see the thickest, longest cock you have ever
experienced.  You are sure it will end up in you.  A moment
later, your suspicions are confirmed as the purple, oiled head of
his cock begins to push against your oiled pussy lips.  They part
willingly to accept it but it take many strokes before he is
completely imbedded in you.  You are totally filled up.  Your
vaginal walls are stretched to the limit.  You abandon yourself
to the sensation of his massive organ sliding its full length in
and out of you.  The crowd has begun cheering you on.  You have
never been so turned on in your entire life.  You both begin to
climax at the same time, screaming as your arms and legs kick in
their bonds.  You experience the most profound physical sensation
that you have ever had and then pass out.  The next morning, you
awake in one of the huts.  You are on top of a bed covered in
silk sheets.  You stretch out luxuriously.  One of the men comes
into the hut, "We will be releasing you and returning you home
shortly.", he says, "But before you go, there is something you
must do.  You will initiate a young girl into the pleasures of
this kind of sex.  You may do what you wish with her, but there
are several things you must do.  First, you must shave her pussy
so that it is like yours.  Second, you must give her a spanking
that will turn her on and finally, you must pierce her nipples
and insert these gold rings."  You own pussy starts gushing at
the thought of it.  "Also", he says, "you will initiate a young
man into the joys of submission."  The man leads you from the hut
and into another.  You are wearing a thin cotton gown.  You enter
the hut alone and there, in the middle is a doctor's examining
table.  The young girl, obviously nervous, is tied down to it.
You walk over and begin running your hands all over her body.
She shivers each time you touch her.  She is a black girl perhaps
seventeen years old.  She has a pretty figure  Her breasts are
small but her nipples are very long.  You begin pulling on them.
"How hard do you like your nipples pulled?", you ask.  "Very
hard.", she whispers.  "Alright", you say as you begin squeezing
her nipples hard.  She starts to moan and lifts her hips from the
table.  You move down between the stirrups.  Taking some oil on
your fingers, you penetrate her in her tight pussy and her tight
bottom at once.  After a couple of minutes of this stimulation,
she is gasping uncontrollably.  You untie her legs and turn her
on her belly.  You take a thin leather strap and lightly spank
her upturned bottom until it is warm to the touch.  You turn her
back over and attach her feet again to the stirrups.  Over her
feeble protests, you shave her entire pubic area.  You take your
time so as to make no mistakes.  When you have finished, you
slowly rub oil into the entire pubic area.  You have to stop
several times because she is so close to coming and you don't
want her to do that.  You can't resist the temptation to gently
lick her from the small of her back in one long lick up along her
crack, across her anus, along and into her pussy and ending at
her clitoris.  One more and she would come so you stop.  You
stand up and look at her.  Her hips are moving all around.  She
is completely at your mercy.  "You know I'm going to pierce your
nipples.", you say. "Yes", she whispers.  You don't delay any
longer.  Taking a needle in one hand and pulling her left nipple
with the other, you quickly pierce it horizontally.  The girl
let's out a little yelp but you can see it has turned her on
more.  She has closed her eyes and is gasping deeply at the
sensation.  Her pussy is just gushing out its juices.  You
quickly pull a gold hoop through the nipple and then look at the
other.  The right nipple has become rock hard in anticipation.
As you pierce it, you see her shudder as she begins a series of
gut-wrenching orgasms.  Finally it is over and you leave the hut
together.  You are brought now to another hut.  There is a young
boy here perhaps seventeen or eighteen years old.  He is naked
with his hands tied above his head to the ceiling.  He is very
embarrassed when you come in and he hangs his head to avoid your
eyes.  You walk around him several times.  You touch his nipples,
his tight little ass and you gently squeeze the balls hanging
under his erection.  You pick up a little leather strap and begin
lightly strapping his hard cock with it.  You only strike hard
enough to sting but upon each stroke his cock gets harder.  You
make him promise to obey your every command and then you untie
his hands from the ceiling.  You tie the leather strap around his
cock and balls and then you lead him by the strap to the center
of the room.  You sit on a chair and have him kneel before you.
Your poor body is so turned on you are about to scream and having
this young male slave kneeling at your feet awaiting your next
instruction is too much.  You lift your dress and grab him by the
hair.  "Suck me!", you command.  You pull his face into your wet
pussy and he immediately sticks out his tongue to please you.
His technique is great and it doesn't take long before you are
coming, letting your juices run into his mouth.  You now pull him
across your knee and observe how embarrassed he is to be put in
such an undignified position.  It doesn't get any easier for him
as you instruct him to spread his legs to provide you with easier
access to his cock and balls.  You fondle him, feeling the
excitement of his hard-on and the weight of his full balls.  You
begin spanking his bottom with your hand until his bottom is pink
and warm.  He squirms around on your lap and you feel his cock
push against your leg.  You have him stand up and you tie him to
the doctor's examining table in the corner just like the girl
was.  He seems mortified to have his feet put in the stirrups and
to have his genitals and anus so fully exposed.  You are getting
turned on again as you see how helpless he is.  You pick up a jar
of vaseline and begin lubricating your finger.  His eyes open
wide at the sight.  His anus is well exposed and you enjoy
watching him wriggle as your finger slowly slides its full length
into his bottom.  You grasp his cock in one hand and you stroke
it at the same rhythm your finger is moving in and out of his
ass.  Soon the boy is moaning uncontrollably.  He is begging you
to let him come but you don't let him.  You love being able to
control his every sensation.  You take a vibrating butt plug and
you slowly slide it into his well lubricated bottom.  You squeeze
his balls as you turn it on.  This final sensation is too much
for him and he screams in pleasure as his come begins to shoot
into the air.  It spurts in spasm after spasm as his body shakes
in the orgasm.  You finally untie him and he goes to his knees
before you to beg to be your slave forever.  "No", you say, "you
will belong to someone else."  You both leave the hut.  A couple
of hours later, as you are about to board the plane, the young
boy is brought forward on a leash.  The leader hands the end of
the leash to you.  "The boy is our present to you.", he says.
The boy looks like he has arrived in heaven as you take him
aboard the plane.  As the plane takes off, you look down at your
new toy, kneeling obediently at your feet.  Your pussy begins to
get wet at the thought of what you will do to him and what you
will have him do to you in the days to come.

