FILE:    JENNIFER.TXT      CODE:        LENGTH:
TITLE:   Jennifer and Her Mistress
AUTHOR:  Master Chris Collection (#37)
SOURCE:  House of Pain

     "Jennifer, it's time to go."  Jennifer looked up, her eyes
wide.  Jennifer was a gorgeous 18 year old blond.  Her large
brown eyes looked up at you nervously.  She was trembling.  You
and she had talked about this trip for weeks.  Now the time had
finally come and Jennifer was apprehensive about submitting in
the way she would tonight.  Your own nipples tingled in
anticipation as you thought of what would be happening over the
next few hours.  Jennifer would be following your instructions
just as she had over the last few months.  She would be
undressed, tied and teased in much the same way.  The difference
tonight is that she would be doing all this while your Master was
present.  Jennifer was not a virgin but she had never been
submissive with a man.  You had introduced her to the joys of
dominant/submissive fun yourself several months ago.

     You think back, remembering the shy young girl who had
fallen, infatuously, in lust with you.  You would be her first
female lover and you smile as you remember that evening when you
lay out the rules of how it would be.  Jennifer had been very
nervous then too as you had watched her undress.  You had
remained fully clothed as she undressed before you.  It was an
evening of "firsts".  That evening, she had been tied for the
first time, she experienced being licked by another woman for the
first time, she felt her bottom penetrated for the first time.
Yes, it had been an enjoyable evening.  You told her that first
night, that one day, you would display her for your Master and
now, that day had arrived.

     The last few hours had been carefully scripted out.  You and
Jennifer had been "preparing" her since the morning.  You had
first given her a long, sensuous bath, followed by a warm, slow
rubdown.  Jennifer was immediately uncomfortable, not used to
having you pamper over her.  You wanted everything to be perfect.
Before you let her up, you had her turn onto her back and raise
her knees.  Jennifer was never comfortable about having her
bottom touched but this did not deter you as you reached a well
oiled finger between her legs and slid it slowly but firmly into
her tight teenage bottom.  Her hips lifted involuntarily from the
table as you lubricated her deeply.  As usual, she was not
allowed to wear panties or a bra and the white dress you have her
wear is almost see through.  She has been dressed provocatively
before but her appearance now is pratically an offering.  When
you look directly, her erect brown nipples are clearly visible as
they poke at the thin fabric of the dress.  You have her stand
and turn for you.  The backless dress shows off her tanned back
beautifully and you can just make out the tan lines on her bottom
as she faces away from you.  You know that I will love the look.
There is one more touch to add before you leave.  You have
Jennifer stand in front of you and you gently attach leather
cuffs to her wrists and ankles.  You can see her breathing
quicken as the bonds are attached.  You remember the first time
that you wore such leather restraints and you feel the familiar
tingle between your legs that reminds you of how much you love
it.  You take your carry bag that has been carefully packed with
a number of toys and you tell her to follow you.

     Downstairs and into the car, Jennifer follows obediently.
You can see that the whole idea of submitting to her Mistress'
Master is a turn-on for her.  Jennifer seems relieved to be
actually in the car, her leather wrist and ankle cuffs thankfully
out of the public eye for the moment.  She lifts her dress to her
waist, following the training you have given her to always sit
her flesh directly onto the seat.  You drive the car out of the
center of town and into a nearby suburb.  It is evening.  You
stop on a quiet suburban street and reach into the bag.  You pull
out a blindfold and use it to cover Jennifer's eyes.  "Lean
forward.", you say and the young girl obediently does so,
allowing you to fasten her wrists together behind her.  The drive
continues for a few minutes and finally, you pull up into the
circular drive of a pretty suburban home.  "Kick off your shoes
Jennifer.  You won't be needing them for the rest of the
evening."  Jennifer kicks her shoes off her feet leaving her
barefoot.  "Wait her for instructions Jennifer.  Someone will
tell you what to do."  You get out of the car and walk into the
house.  I am waiting for you.  We wait for a couple of minutes,
letting Jennifer's anticipation build.

     We both walk out to the car and you open the passenger door.
Without saying anything, you reach in and take Jennifer by the
arm.  She is breathing heavily.  With her blindfold on, she has
no idea who is leading her out of the car and into the house.
The feeling of being barefoot on the cool asphalt of the driveway
is very strange for her but does not last long as you lead her
into the house.  Once inside, Jennifer is brought into the den
where I have been prepared for her for hours.  You leave her
standing in the middle of the room as I take several pictures of
her.  "Get her ready.", I say to you.  You move forward and undo
the wrist cuffs attached behind her back.  "Stand still.", you
say.  I watch as Jennifer stands, trembling slightly while you
remove her flimsy white dress.  In a moment it is done, and she
stands naked in front of us.

     You attach her wrist cuffs to a convenient rope dangling
from the ceiling and I pull her wrists above her head until she
is stretched upward.  Her ankles are next and you attach them to
ropes that pull them apart until she is on tiptoe, spread wide
and helpless before us.  She is still blindfolded and we leave
her that way while you take some more pictures of her.  I move
forward now and touch her for the first time.  She gasps as she
feels the unfamiliar fingers stroke her breast, stretched tight
against her chest.  I grasp her already hard nipple and pull it
out from her body.  Her left nipple is next and as I pull it out,
I attach one of the nipple clips to it.  The first nipple feels
the pinching feeling of a clip as I attach that next.  I move
away from the young girl enjoying the view of her body stretched
out before us with the prominent nipple clips sticking out from
her.  Her blond pussy hair is in a pretty thatch between her
thighs.  We had discussed for weeks whether or not it should be
shaved and had decided that it would be removed in my presence.
You know that Jennifer is very apprehensive about being removed.
I reach down to tug at it.  "This will be removed today.", I tell
her.  She shudders in reply.  I motion you behind her and you
pick up the hot lubricant and her butt plug as you do.  I see
your finger dip deeply into the jar of Hote Lube and then slide
between her curvy buttocks.  She gasps again as the thin finger
slides into her.  The plug is next and I watch her arch her back
trying in vain to avoid the plastic intruder as it is slid into
the tiny opening.  The heat of the Hot Lube is immediate and she
immediately starts to squirm in her bonds.  We move back and a
number of pictures are taken from all angles.  "Alright", I say,
"Take her down."

     You release her from her bondage and lead her over to the
doctor's examining table.  As soon as she is on it, she realizes
what it is and when her feet go into the stirrups, she is sure.
She whimpers, wondering what will happen next.  I reach down to
play with her plug as you fasten her wrists and ankles to
convenient clips in the table.  I watch and photograph as you
slowly and carefully remove all of her pussy hair.  I can see her
blush deeply as she realizes that it is being removed.  Her pussy
lips have begun to puff out and I can just see a trickle of her
juices running down to further lubricate her butt plug, still
sticking obscenely from her bottom.  When she is smooth as a baby
and her white pussy lips have been gently oiled, we take yet more
pictures.

     Jennifer is released again and brought to the bed.  "Get
into your submissive position.", you tell her.  She does so
quickly, kneeling down on the bed with her knees wide apart.  She
bends forward to rest her head on the bed and reaches back to
expose her filled anus and newly shaved pussy.  The scene is
exquisite I take several more pictures of it.  I have you strip
and bend over and insert your own plug before we continue.  You
are in for the treat you've been waiting for and I have you lie
on your back and I slide half of a large double dildo into your
soaking pussy.  You are close to coming and I have to go slowly
to keep you from getting there too quickly.  When you are filled
to the hilt, I stand and remove my own clothing.  You move behind
the young teenager and I watch as you touch the tip of the
plastic penis to her now smooth pussy.  I get onto the bed in
front of the young girl.  "Attach her wrists again." I say.  You
take her hands from her buttocks and fasten the cuffs once again
behind her back.  I watch as you hold onto her wrists and begin
to slide the long cock into her.  "Open your mouth Jennifer.", I
say.  Jennifer obediently follows my instructions.  I sit down in
front of her and guide her young mouth over my ver erect cock.
She hungrily slides it down her throat.  As she does, you push
forward impaling her on the cock that now fills you both.  She
pushes back hard as your smooth pussy slides up against her.  You
start to push and pull in and out of her in a steady rythmn.  I
grasp her hair in both hands and pull her head up and down onto
my cock.  I can see you reach down with one hand to twist her
plug and I feel her moan as you do so.  The orgasm that has been
building in the young girl starts peak and this time, we do not
stop it.  She gasps openly and then sucks even tighter onto me as
her belly starts to explode with all the sensations happening at
once.  Her nipples, still firmly grasped by the nipple clips seem
to swell as she rams back into you, pushing the double dildo
deeper into both of your pussies.  You push hard at her anal plug
and you watch her tiny ass clench at the intruder.  Suddenly you
are coming too and I hear you cry out with pleasure.  I pull
Jennifer's head down to hold my cock tightly with her talented
mouth and a moment later, she feels my cock shoot deep into her
throat.  Well trained as she is, she swallows my come thankfully,
licking the last of it from my cock.  It is several minutes
before we have all calmed down and are lying on the bed.
Jennifer's hands are still fastened behind her with the leather
cuffs that will remain on her for the rest of the night.  You
reach up to unfasten her blindfold and as it is removed she looks
up, seeing me for the first time.  "Jennifer", you say, "this is
our Master."
