STORY.05
The Master Chris Collection
BACK TO HIGH SCHOOL
___________________________


	"I have plans for you this evening", I say one
afternoon. You are sitting at your desk at work talking to me on
the phone.

	"What are you wearing?", I ask.

	"A skirt and blouse.", you say.

	"What else?", I ask.

	You look around nervously to make sure no one can hear
you. Your voice catches in your throat for a moment, then you
say in a very quiet voice, "I'm wearing a lace, front closing
bra, a pair of white bikini panties, stockings and shoes."

	"I want you to go to the bathroom and remove your bra,
panties and stockings.", I say. "Do this now and call me back."

	You go directly to the bathroom. The underwear ends up
in your purse and the sensation of your nipples rubbing against
your blouse is exciting. You hope no one notices that your dark
nipples are now almost visible under the blouse. A few minutes
later you're speaking to me again.

	"Tonight", I say, "you're going to be treated to
something special. You must do exactly as you are told."

	"Alright", you whisper.

	"I'll pick you up at 6pm", I say. At 6 o'clock you are
outside the building waiting for me to pick you up. There is a
slight breeze and it feels strangely exciting to feel it move
across your shaven pussy. I pick you up a moment later.

	"Put your hands behind your head.", I say. You follow my
instructions and you feel me attach your wrists to cuffs on the
headrest. "Lift yourself up." You do so and I quickly raise your
skirt above your hips. You sit down again feeling the seat
directly against your ass and pussy. I reach over and undo your
blouse almost to your waist. Your breasts are now quite
accessible to me. "Open your legs.", I order. You spread your
knees wide apart. You have never been so exposed in a public
place before and you are getting nervous and excited at the same
time.

	You tell me what your feeling and I say, "You will be
exposed totally tonight. You shiver at the thought of what is
ahead. I start the car and drive about fifteen minutes to a high
school. I unfasten your hands and tell you to button your
blouse. We enter the school and I lead you through a maze of
corridors. At this time of night, the school seems deserted.
Finally, we arrive in a small room. The walls are typical
high-school cement and the floor is the standard vinyl tile.

	In the room is a large black man and two young women.
The women are gorgeous. They are tall, blond nordic types with
great figures. All three people are wearing tight black leather
clothing.

	"Listen to them.", I say and then leave the room.

	The man looks at you, "Take those clothes off", he says.
Your fingers fumble at your buttons as you obey his commands.
You keep looking at the floor as your blush moves from your face
down your now naked chest. It takes only a moment and you are
completely naked. The women each take an arm and they lead you
to a padded massage table. They lie you on your back and fasten
leather straps to your wrists and ankles. Then they rub warm oil
all over your body. They pay particular attention to your
breasts where extra oil is applied and rubbed in. You feel your
nipples being pinched by the slippery hands.

	As soon as your nipples are hard they move their hands
lower down. Oil is massaged into your hot, shaved slit and you
fell warm slippery fingers penetrating both your pussy and ass
at the same time.

	They turn you over and continue the exercise until you
are completely covered in the oil. You are lifted from the table
and held before the black man for inspection. He reaches out and
grasps one slippery nipple in his large fingers. He squeezes it
hard and you can't stifle the moan that comes to your lips.

	He laughs as he takes his hand away, "Yes", he says, "I
think you'll do fine." The girls attach long ropes to the straps
at your wrists and they each take one as they lead you from the
room and down the long empty corridor. You can't believe you are
actually so exposed in a public place. They lead you through a
door and you are suddenly in darkness. It is the back of a
stage, you realize.

	The stage and auditorium are in complete darkness with
one chilling exception. About thirty feet ahead of you, in the
center of the blacked out stage, is a doctor's examining table.
A single spotlight highlights the table. A shiver runs up your
spine and your stomach tightens at the sight. It is obvious
where you are heading.

	The girls move forward, pulling you behind them. You are
told to lie on the table on your back and you do so. You adjust
yourself to the end of the table. Your feet are strapped to the
stirrups and your hands are attached so they are stretched above
your head. The table back is lifted so that your head and back
are tilted to a partially sitting/reclining position looking
down between your legs. The stirrups are spread far apart and
your knees are fastened apart also. One of the women reaches
down to spread your already wet pussy lips and then you are left
there.

	A moment later a, you hear a voice through the sound
system of the Auditorium, "This is our subject for today. As you
can see, she is a submissive. Her pussy is kept shaved and she
is already wet as a result of her bondage. Today, you will see
how she responds to nipple and breast stimulation, being sucked
and strong stimulation of the genital and anal areas. Volunteers
should now make their way to the stage."

	You are shocked beyond belief! First to hear the voice
at all then what is this about volunteers!? The lights in the
auditorium go up slowly and you see that it is a packed house.
There must be 200-300 people sitting there and you are
helplessly exposed. Several people, the 'volunteers' are already
moving toward the stage. Soon there are several men and women
waiting for their chance to touch you. The black man instructs
the first two, a pair of young girls, to begin playing with your
breasts. The begin stroking and caressing them. He shows them
that pinching your nipples hard turns you on and you feel the
fingers of the girls as they pull and pinch the sensitive
nipples. You close your eyes for a moment at the pleasure. Then
he shows the girls how to attach nipple clips that will pinch
you continuously. Through it all, the disembodied voice in the
sound system keeps a running commentary.

	The two girls leave and a young man takes their place.
He is shown how wet you become when he grasps your pussy lips
and spreads them widely and firmly apart. He is shown exactly
where your clitoris is and you feel his tongue slide across it.
You let out a loud moan. The black man stops him just before you
come.

	A young couple now approach. She is instructed to
lubricate your bottom. She begins tentatively and you feel her
thin finger slide slowly into your anus. The man meanwhile,
continues to play with your soaking pussy. The double
stimulation of your pussy and ass continues until you think
you'll scream.

	You hear a movement to your left and you turn your head
to see what it is. One of the women is moving a medical stand on
which is hanging a large red enema bag. You think for a moment
that you should be concerned but you are so hot that you don't
care. The woman between your legs withdraws her finger and
begins sliding the long thin enema nozzle into your bottom. The
man is still stroking your pussy.

	A moment later you feel the warm water gushing into you.
As soon as it is finished, the girl removes the nozzle and
replaces it with a vibrating butt plug. Your stomach is very
tight with the water of the enema and the vibrating plug is
driving you crazy in a hurry. The man now drops his pants and
with one long stroke slides his cock into you. This stimulation
is the last straw. Between the pinching of your nipples, the
fullness of your belly, the vibrator in your ass and the warm
cock in your pussy, you are able to last only a couple of
strokes before you begin coming as never before. You ass
tightens on the vibrator and your vagina on his cock. You scream
out at the sensation. This sets him off too. He joins his cries
to yours as you come together. 

	The audience leaps to its feet to applaud an outstanding
performance. You hear their clapping continue as you are
unfastened from the table and led off the stage.

	Some time later, after you have been cleaned up and
refreshed, you find yourself back in the room where the evening
started. You are dressed again in your blouse and skirt. One of
the women says, "We have a present for you." She holds up the
vibrating butt plug. "We'd like you to wear it on special
occasions. Will you wear it now?"

	You look at the floor as you whisper, "Yes."

	She smiles, "Please turn around and bend over.", she
says. You do so and you feel your skirt raised to your waist.
The vibrator is cool from the lubricant coating it but the
sensation of it sliding into your bottom is very exciting. You
leave the room and are guided to the parking lot.

	In the car again you feel the fullness of the plug in
your behind as you sit down. I reach over to touch you as I
demand you tell me everything. Remembering the last couple of
hours you come again and again.