FILE:    SCHOOL-3.TXT      CODE:        LENGTH:
TITLE:   School For Discipline (3 of 5)
AUTHOR:  Master Chris Collection #13
SOURCE:  House of Pain

     It is a warm, sunny Tuesday and you have just woken up.  You
stretch languorously in your satin sheets and run your hands up
your body thinking how great it is to be alive.  Your hands touch
your thighs, your pussy, and your tummy.  They pause briefly at
your nipples, tweaking them and pulling them up from your body.
They awaken at the touch and you feel a familiar shiver run down
through your stomach to your pussy.  You let out a sensual moan
and think about what new adventure awaits you today.  You are the
headmistress of a very special school for the training of sexual
slaves and submissives.  Each day holds some new adventure.
Today is Tuesday, you think.  Oh, yes.  Today you have scheduled
the initiation of two young girls into the delights of lesbian
bondage and discipline.  Neither of them is expecting this
although you have had the pleasure of seeing them individually
both naked and helpless as you subjected them to restraint and
orgasm after orgasm while feeling either humiliation or
helplessness.  They have never had the opportunity of tying up
another person and bringing them to orgasm despite themselves.
Today, they will find out.  The thought galvanizes you into
action.  You get out of bed and in very short order you have
showered and dressed and are on your way down for breakfast.  In
the dining room, one of the students has the duty of the day to
serve you breakfast.  Her name is Talia and she is a beautiful
sixteen year old.  She was delivered to you three days ago by her
mother who has left instructions that she is to be trained in
exhibiting herself until she is comfortable with her body.  As
she approaches you with your morning coffee you say, "Good
Morning, Talia."  "Good Morning Miss.", she says.  She is wearing
a pretty summer dress that comes down to just above her knees and
is backless. "Please raise your dress Talia", you ask, "so that I
can be sure that you are wearing no underpanties."  Talia's
pretty teenage face turns a brilliant shade of red as she hears
this request.  She is obviously embarrassed however she
hesitantly reaches down and grasps the hem of her dress.  With
her hands slightly trembling, she slowly raises it to the level
of her waist while you watch.  Her pussy is clean shaven as it
has been since the day of her arrival.  It's puffy lips protrude
slightly as though she is excited.  "Did you masturbate last
night?", you ask.  Her blush is renewed and travels a little
further down her chest.  She nods her head at your question.
"Very good.", you say, "Tonight you'll get to do it again with a
number of the girls watching."  Her head shoots up in horror.
She cannot imagine a situation more terrifying.  You just smile
at her reaction and ask for the rest of your breakfast.  A half-
hour later you are sitting at your desk in your large, well
furnished office.  The two girls you are expecting will arrive
any minute and you take a moment to review their files.  Sarah is
an eighteen year old sex-kitten.  She has long blond hair and
took to the routine in the school right away.  She has an
athlete's body.  Her breasts are small and firm and are topped
with tiny pink nipples that are very sensitive.  Her shaved pussy
show a short slit with long pink lips.  Her buttocks are tight
and her legs long.  She is 5'11" tall.  She is not, however,
particularly embarrassed about her body but she is shy when it
comes to taking control.  Karen, on the other hand is quite
different.  She is more likely to want to be in control of her
situation.  You remember how scared she was when you tied her
spreadeagled and used a vibrator on the tips of her breasts and
the tip of her clitoris.  She is a brunette with an hourglass
figure.  Her breasts are large and her nipples long.  Her pussy,
when shaved, reveals long, long, inner pussy lips and her ass is
the most sensitive of any of your pupils.  You decide to have
Sarah in first.  You call for her and a moment later she is
standing in front of you, nervously wondering what might be
expected of her today.  You discuss the upcoming events with
complete candor.  "Today Sarah", you say, "you will get the
opportunity to dominate another pupil here.  You will not be the
subject of this domination or discipline but will, instead, be
the originator of it.  In a couple of minutes, I will have Karen
come in here.  Karen will be instructed to follow all of your
commands.  Your job will be to eventually bring her to orgasm
while she is bound and helpless before you.  You will have plenty
of opportunity to make long buildup for her so that when she
comes it will be the most incredible experience of her life.
Does this excite you?"  It is obvious that it does.  Since you
have begun speaking, Sarah has started to breath heavily and her
face is flushed.  She nods her head as she says, "Yes, but I'm a
little nervous.  I've never made love to another woman before."
"You will learn.", you say.  You go over the various things that
Sarah will subject Karen to and then you both sit down to await
her.  Karen arrives a couple of minutes later.  She is wearing a
summer skirt and blouse combination.  She stands before your desk
as you tell her what is expected of her.  "You will follow the
instructions of Sarah today.", you say, "If you do not obey her
completely, I will make sure that you are punished severely."
Karen blushes as she looks at both Sarah and yourself.  It is one
thing to be dominated by you but to be exposed in front of
another student is humiliating.  Sarah stands up immediately and
looks right at Karen.  "Take off all of your clothes right now!",
she says.  Karen hesitates and then begins.  Her shaking fingers
fumble at the buttons on her blouse as we both look on with
interest.  As the blouse drops to the floor, Sarah stops Karen.
"Wait.", she says, "Your nipples are not hard enough.  Play with
your nipples until they are as long as they can be."  Karen
cannot believe it.  Her hands are visibly trembling with
excitement and fear as she begins tentatively pulling her own
nipples.  They respond instantly to the stimulation and begins to
get dark and hard as they stick out almost a full inch from her
body.  "Very well.", says Sarah, "You may continue.  Did you
enjoy pulling your own nipples?"  Karen hangs her head
embarrassed to admit it.  "Yes.", she says in almost a whisper.
"Remove the rest of your clothes.", instructs Sarah.  It does not
take long before Karen is standing before us completely nude.
Sarah picks up a riding crop and begins walking around the naked
girl.  Karen goes to cover herself with her hands but Sarah does
not allow it.  "Clasp your hands behind your head.", she says.
Karen does so reluctantly.  Sarah starts toying with Karen now.
She reverses her hold on the crop and starts touching Karen with
it.  Karen starts as the cold silver knob of the handle finds its
way between her shaved pussy lips.  She is mortified to find that
she is becoming wet at the treatment.  Her condition does not
improve.  Now Sarah touches her long nipples with the crop and
the feeling of the leather stroking the extra-long nipples causes
a shudder to run through Karen.  Sarah takes the crop and slides
it between Karen's  legs from behind.  Using it as a kind of
guide, she moves Karen over to the side of the room where she
ties her facing the wall so that her arms and legs are stretched
wide apart and the only part of her body touching the wall are
her nipples.  "Do you know what will happen to you now?", asks
Sarah.  Karen shakes her head but she eyes the riding crop
nervously.  She is in the perfect position to receive a good
spanking.  Instead, Sarah now ties a blindfold over Karen's eyes.
Reversing her hold on the riding crop once again, she starts
sliding it back and forth over Karen's soaking pussy lips.  Karen
cannot stifle the moan of pleasure that escapes her lips.  Sarah
now guides the silver knobbed crop so that it penetrates Karen
deeply.   Karen lets out a gasp as the long crop acts as a dildo.
As soon as Karen has begun moving her hips in rhythm with the
crop, Sarah stops and, leaving the crop embedded deep in Karen's
shaved pussy, moves back to my desk to get a bottle of oil and a
small vibrating dildo.  You have become so excited watching these
two that you are now stroking your own shaved pussy with one hand
while the other hand pulls hard at your sensitive nipples.  Sarah
slowly starts oiling Karen's sensitive asshole.  Karen is moaning
helplessly at this point as Sarah's oily fingers, first one then
two slide into Karen's tight rosebud.  Every once in a while
Sarah reaches forward and slide the riding crop in and out of
Karen's soaking pussy.  When Karen's ass is sufficiently
lubricated, Sarah slides the vibrating dildo into it and turns it
on.  It is like an bolt of electricity.  Karen cries out at the
exquisite sensation and begins thrusting her hips back and forth
as Sarah works both the riding crop and the vibrating dildo in
and out of her.  Just as Karen is about to come, Sarah stops the
action.  The dildo and the riding crop are quickly removed and
Sarah doesn't touch the writhing girl for a moment.  Karen begs
Sarah to let her come but Sarah doesn't touch her except to retie
her to a table on her back.  Karen's leg are now tied with the
knees held wide apart and her hands are tied above her head.  Her
now soaking pussy is on display and from your desk you can see
the puffy pink lips sticking out, crying for relief.  The
vaseline glistens between her bottom cheeks from the workout that
Sarah gave her there.  Sarah now takes two nipple clips and
attaches them to Karen's long brown nipples.  Karen gasps at the
sensation and her hips start to move again.  String is tied to
the clips so that they are continually  pulled up and away from
her body.  Sarah takes another set of clips and attaches them to
Karen's sensitive inner pussy lips.  These she fastens so that
the lips are not only pinches but are pulled wide apart to expose
the over-stimulated pink interior.  Karen is now totally helpless
and Sarah steps back to observe her handiwork.  She reaches over
and takes a jar of honey from the counter.  Using a spoon, she
drips just a little of the warmed honey directly on Karen's hard
clitoris.  Karen cries out but the best is yet to come.  Bending
down now, Sarah reaches out with the tip of her tongue and begins
slowly licking the honey away.  Karen's hips are straining
upwards begging for more.  When that honey is gone, Sarah puts a
drop on one of Karen's stretched out pussy lips and licks that.
For the next several minutes, Sarah drives Karen into a frenzy by
dropping a tiny bit of warm honey onto a sensitive area and
following it with the dart of her hot tongue.  Her nipples feel
the sensation then her lips.  Your own pussy jumps at the sight
of both of their tongues mingling together trying to catch all
the honey.  A small dab is licked from her belly button and then
her tummy Finally, Sarah draws a tiny line of honey from her ass
all the way to her clitoris and begins a series of long licks to
catch it.  Her extended tongue drags from the small of her back
through the crack of her pretty white buttocks across her
entrapped pussy lips and onto her clit.  Karen begins coming
almost immediately and cries out in long gasping sobs at the
sensation.  Sarah continues to lick until the honey is gone and
Karen is exhausted.  Finally it is over.  Karen lies back
completely satiated.  Sarah, however is now more turned on than
ever and now gets up on the table and straddles Karen's chest.
She reaches down to spread her own soaking pussy lips and pushes
her pussy directly down to Karen's mouth.  Karen doesn't hesitate
for a moment.  Her hot pink little tongue reaches up to give
Sarah the relief she craves.  The sight is too much for you.
Your hand rubs your own hard, hot clitoris faster and faster.
You and Sarah come at almost the same time. Your cries mingle as
your bodies shudder with the explosions that wrack them.  After
Karen has been released and the girls are once again dressed, you
tell them that they will report back to you tomorrow morning to
reverse roles.  You can see Karen start to think about what she
will do to Sarah in the morning as Sarah squirms in her chair
thinking about what will be done to her.  They leave your office
hand in hand, leaving you to think about what adventure is next.

