STORY # 14                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
SPECIAL SCHOOL FOR DISCIPLINE # 4
________________________________________________________________
     It is late afternoon and you are just about complete with
your day at the school.  You are the headmistress of a very
special school for young people who are being initiated into the
joys of B&D sex.  It is probably the most enjoyable job you have
ever had.  The last order of business for the day is dealing with
one of your instructors.  Margie is a petite, shy woman who has
been one of the special 'Trainers' that have worked for you for
the past couple of weeks.  You have noticed that the way she has
been interacting with the students has been detached.  In
particular, she has not been forward with either the girls or
boys about sex and has carried out her duties like an automaton.
It is time, you think, to change all that.  One of your duties as
headmistress is to make sure that even the instructors are turned
on all the time.  You certainly are.  You have been thinking
about what to do with her all day and the thought of it has your
pussy slippery with your own juices.  You call Margie into your
office.  She walks in and stands in front of your desk.  You look
her up and down.  She is wearing what has become almost a uniform
for your female personnel, a light, white skirt, a short sleeved
silk blouse and white pumps.  Her face is flushed and she is so
nervous that she is trembling.  She has been told that she is to
be disciplined today and you are sure that she is wondering what
form that discipline will take.  You let her wait a little longer
before you speak.  "Hello Margie", you say, "Do you know why you
are here?".  Margie's keeps her head down as her voice becomes
like a ten year old girl, "Yes.  I'm here because I've been bad.
I haven't been sexy enough."  "That's right Margie.", you say,
"And do you know what we are going to do to you?"  Margie shakes
her head slowly.  "We are going to make sure that you like your
body.", you say, "When was the last time you had an orgasm?"
Margie looks up at you hesitantly.  Her face is a deep red.  She
is evidently embarrassed at the question.  You are now sure that
she is simply embarrassed about sex.  "About ten days ago.", she
says.  You smile at her.  "Please remove all of your clothes
immediately.", you tell her.  Her face becomes even more flushed
and you can see her hands shaking as she begins undoing the
buttons to her blouse.  It is soon removed to reveal two
beautiful breasts.  Margie is a petite woman and her breasts are
not large but they are very firm and are topped with wide, pink
nipples.  'Someone is going to enjoy licking and biting those
nipples today', you think.  Her skirt follows and you see that
despite your standing instructions, her pussy is not shaved.  It
is, instead covered a blond furry patch of hair.  A moment later
she is standing again, now completely naked.  "Please place your
hands above your head.", you say.  Margie does so.  Her breasts
are now stretched against her body and her nipples have begun to
get hard, sticking out from her firm mounds.  You get up and
begin walking around her.  Her ass is perfect.  It is round and
firm and you run your hand across it carressingly.  Margie gasps
at this first touch.  As you walk in front of her, still standing
with her hands clasped on top of her head, your hand moves to her
breasts.  You gently stroke the left one, your fingertips barely
touch the now turgid nipple which sticks out from her body about
a half-inch.  It rises a little further into your hand and Margie
closes her eyes as she enjoys the sensations.  You grasp the
right nipple gently between your fingers.  As you look closely
into her face, you slowly begin squeezing it harder and harder
looking to see her expression.  Her breathing gets harder and
harder until she is gasping.  You let go of her nipple and look
to see it dark pink and hard like a little penis sticking out
from her right breast.  "How do you like your nipples pinched
Margie?", you ask her, "Do you like it gentle or hard?".
Margie's voice is almost a whisper as you hear her say, "I like
it very hard."  You smile.  You sit back down at your desk and
ring for Andrew.  Andrew walks in immediately.  He is a huge
black man standing easily 6'2".  He looks like he should be
playing football but he is, in fact, one of the best masseurs you
have ever met.  Margie is mortified by his presence.  She goes to
cover herself up with her hands.  "Put your hands back up on your
head young lady!",  you say.  Reluctantly, she does so.  Andrew
smiles as his eyes seem to eat the young blond up.  "Andrew, I
say, "please take care of Margie.  Her pussy is to be shaved and
I want you to give her a thorough massage."  "Yes Miss.", says
Andrew.  Margie is led over to the massage table in the corner of
the room and lies down on her back.  Andrew fastens leather cuffs
to her wrists and ankles and quickly and efficiently restrains
her to the table so that her hands are stretched to the top and
her legs are wide apart.  "She is already wet Miss.", says
Andrew.  You look down and see that it is true.  Margie's own
juices have soaked her long pink pussy lips and the hair that
covers them.  Margie is humiliated beyond belief.  She turns her
head to the side in shame.  'Your treatment seems to be working',
you think to yourself.  Andrew quickly cuts most of her pubic
hair away with a pair of scissors and then gently lays a towel
soaked in hot water on her pussy.  Margie gasps as the heat soaks
into the already warm area.  When that towel becomes cool, Andrew
replaces it with another.  Within a couple of minutes, Margie's
hips are squirming slightly on the table.  Andrew removes the
towel and begins shaving her pussy with a razor.  Margie cannot
help squirming as his large black hands manipulate the sensitive
area.  She gasps quietly as he pulls first one then the other lip
tight to allow him to shave everywhere.  Soon it is done.  Her
prominent mound is beautiful.  It frames her long, pink inner
lips perfectly.  They are now hot and dark from the manipulations
they have received.  Andrew releases her legs from their
restraints and turns her over on the table.  His fills his huge
hands with oil and begins rubbing her back in long full strokes.
His hands move down from her neck and up from her feet until she
is covered in warm oil.  Margie has been moaning contentedly with
the sensation of this massage and is now thoroughly relaxed.
Andrew slowly and sensuously rubs oil into her white buttocks,
clearly defined by her bikini tan line.  His hands delve deeper
into the cleavage between her cheeks and his strong fingers soon
find her puckered hole.  She gasps and her head raises up as
Andrew penetrates her bottom with one long oiled finger.  The hot
oil has its effect, however, and soon his finger is sliding in
and out of her ass in long, full strokes.  She doesn't resist as
his hands gently spread her legs.  Standing behind her as you are
you can see her pussy perfectly framed from behind.  Andrew's
hands move lower and soon he is oiling her large pussy lips from
behind.  Andrew rolls her over and begins massaging her breasts.
Margie is openly moaning now.  You can see that her eyes are
closed and her body continues to wriggle on the table as she
feels herself being touched by this large, virile man.  He pulls
her sensitive nipples over and over again with his slippery
fingers and she arches her back to get them closer to him.  His
hands move over her belly and down to where she now wants them to
be.  "Please let me come.", she says.  Andrew looks at you and
you shake your head.  He now starts a kind of teasing.  He rubs
her pussy lips and occasionally slides a slippery finger across
her clitoris.  It feels to Margie like her clitoris is on fire.
She pulls at the straps around her wrists trying to get free.
Her clitoris is now covered in a mixture of her own juices an oil
and whenever Andrew touches it, it is like rolling a marble
around in a pool of oil.  Margie's hips buck upwards in an effort
to get the relief she craves but whenever she gets close, Andrew
stops.  The action is almost too much for you.  Your hands have
been playing with your own pussy and nipples since the beginning
and you have had about 3 orgasms so far.  You hand Andrew a thin
vibrator and he gently inserts it into Margie's bottom.  She lets
out a little cry and begs you to turn it on.  You take your own
vibrator and begin sliding it in and out of your own soaking
pussy.  Andrew now removes his own clothes and gets up on the
table.  His cock is huge but in the state Margie is in, you are
sure it is just what she wants.  His cock pauses at the entrance
of her white shaved pussy, just touching the lips.  Margie is
pleading with him to push it in.  He slides the large knob of the
head into her, parting her long, pink lips to the side with it.
Margie gasps at the feeling and closes her eyes.  Andrew looks
over at you for the final ok to give her the relief she is
begging for.  You reach down under them and turn on the vibrator
now lodged firmly in her bottom and tell Andrew to go ahead.  He
starts pumping into her for all she's worth and Margie screams in
pleasure.  She begins coming almost immediately in an orgasm that
will last for a couple of minutes.  The contrast of his ebony
black cock sliding into her pristine white pussy is too much for
you.  You pump your own vibrator into your pussy for your fourth
mind-blowing orgasm of the day.  Andrew comes a moment later and
soon you have all calmed down and are sitting on the floor of the
office having a drink.  You are all exhausted.  Margie is still
covered in oil and is leaning against the wall.  She looks right
at you, no longer concerned about her nakedness, "Thank you.",
she says, "I had no idea that it could be this good.  I think I'm
going to like the rest of my stay here and I want you to know
that you can 'discipline' me anytime."  You all laugh as your
mind turns to what adventures tomorrow might bring.
