FILE:    SCHOOL-2.TXT      CODE:        LENGTH:
TITLE:   School For Discipline (2 of 5)
AUTHOR:  Master Chris Collection #12
SOURCE:  House of Pain

     It is now two weeks since you took over as headmistress of
the special school for discipline and training north of the city.
You now have fifteen students.  Twelve of them are girls and the
other three are boys.  The ages range from sixteen to
twenty-four.  The past two weeks have been a delightful discovery
of dominating these sex slaves.  Literally all of them are in
your command and each day has brought you a new adventure as you
bring them deeper and deeper into the world of B&D sex.  You have
had more orgasms than you can count and your body seems to be in
a perpetual state of excitement.  Today you are wandering
through the girl's rooms while they are off horseback riding.
They will be taking a trek through the woods to a secluded lake
where they will spend the rest of the afternoon skinny dipping.
You have the place to yourself.  As you walk through Lillian's
room, your eye catches sight of a book tucked under her pillow.
Lillian is your newest arrival.  She is seventeen years old and
is the horniest seventeen year old you have ever met.  She is
tall and blond with long, long legs.  Her figure is almost boyish
with small hips and small breasts topped with very long nipples.
You remember her being particularly turned on by her ass when you
'interviewed' her.  You pull out the book and discover it to be a
diary.  You flip idly through the pages stopping here and there
to read an entry about the growing pains of a sexually active
adolescent.  The entries stretch back several years.  One entry
catches your eye.  It is much longer than the others and goes on
for several pages.  The date on the entry shows it to be a couple
of years old when Lil was just fifteen.  You sit on the edge of
the bed and begin to read.
'Dear Diary,
     Yesterday I experienced something that is both troubling and
exciting.  First of all, I think I had my FIRST orgasm!  But, the
circumstances are pretty strange.  Lucy and I spent the day at
her place.  Mom let me stay over there and I stayed overnight. We
spent the whole day together.  We were doing all kinds of stuff
like playing records and trying makeup.  Lucy is definitely my
best friend.  Anyway, in the afternoon, we were hungry but Lucy's
mom doesn't let her eat between meals so we snuck down to the
kitchen to eat.  We grabbed a bunch of cookies and crackers and
cheese and ran back up to her bedroom where we pigged out.  I
guess we ate too much, because a half-hour later we were stuffed.
We tried on makeup and we spent the afternoon trying on clothes.
Lucy sure is pretty and she has some really neat clothes.  I
peeked at her when she was trying on this dress and her boobs are
really big.  They're much bigger than mine but I think my nipples
are nicer.  Anyway, before we knew it, Lucy's mom called us down
to supper.  We went down but we weren't hungry 'cause of all the
junk we ate and we just picked at our food.  Lucy's mom asked if
we were O.K. and we said yes but my stomach was a little upset
from all the stuff we ate earlier.  Lucy's mom kept telling us to
eat our food and Lucy finally said she wasn't hungry.  "Did you
eat before supper?", she asked.  She sounded kind of mad.  "Yes
Mom", said Lucy in a small voice.  "What did you eat.", said
Lucy's mom.  We told her what we ate and then I said that I
didn't feel too good because I guess I ate too much.  Lucy said
the same.  "Come with me.", said Lucy's mom and we followed her
upstairs to their bathroom.  Lucy looked kind of scared but I
didn't know what was going to happen.  The three of us went into
the bathroom and Lucy's mom took something out of the cupboard.
It looked like a nozzle with a big red rubber bulb at the end and
I didn't know what it was for.  "You girls have been naughty.",
said Lucy's mom, "First we're going to clean you out and then
you'll both be punished."  I got a little scared then because she
looked real serious.  She filled a basin with warm water and then
she sat down on a little chair.  "You first Lucy.", she said,
"Off with those clothes."  Lucy's was looking at the floor but
she didn't hesitate.  I guess we would have gotten punished worse
if we had made her say it twice.  Lucy took off EVERYTHING.  She
was completely naked.  I had never seen her with no clothes on
and she was really pretty.  Anyway, as soon as she was completely
naked, she went over to her mom and stood in front of her.  She
was so scared or embarrassed that she was trembling.  To tell the
truth, I was trembling myself.  I didn't know what would happen
next.  Well, then Lucy bent over her mom's knee so she was facing
away from me.  I looked down and Lucy spread her leg's wide
apart!  I couldn't believe it.  I could see everything.  She had
a white bottom and I could see that she had more pubic hair than
me.  Lucy's mom took some vaseline on her finger and stuck her
finger way up into Lucy's bottom.  Lucy didn't say anything but I
bet she was embarrassed.  She went to close her legs but her mom
told her to keep them open.  Lucy's mom kept sliding her finger
in and out until it was slippery then she took the nozzle thing
and put it in the basin of water.  I figured Lucy would get an
enema and I was right.  Lucy's mom slid the nozzle into her
bottom real slow and I saw Lucy's toes curl as it went all the
way in.  Then her mom squeezed the red bulb and the water went
into her and she let out a little moan.  Lucy's mom took the
nozzle out and filled it and emptied it into Lucy's bottom two
more times.  Then she let Lucy go to the toilet.  When Lucy was
finished, her mom took her out of the room still completely naked
and then she came back in.  "You're next.", she said, "take off
all of your clothes."  I was really nervous.  I never had to take
my clothes off in front of a stranger before and I didn't know
what to do.  I guess I was more scared of what would happen if I
didn't do what she said so I started to take off my blouse and
then my jeans.  When I got down to my bra and panties, I
hesitated again but then I just took them off real quick so I was
completely naked.  I covered up my breasts and my pussy with my
hands because I was so embarrassed.  "Come over here.", she said
and I walked over to in front of her.  "Put down your hands!"  I
turned beet red as I lowered my hands.  My nipples had gotten
really hard and when they do that they stick right out and I was
mortified that someone would see them.  I know that I have hardly
any pussy hair like Lucy and I was humiliated that Lucy's mom
could see everything.  I stood there for a minute with my hands
at my sides while she was filling the red enema syringe.
Watching Lucy had made me excited and my pussy was hot and I
think it was wet!  I was scared that Lucy's mom would find out!
A moment later, I was draped over her lap just like a little girl
who gets a spanking.  She told me to spread my legs wide apart
and I did.  Her finger was cold with the vaseline when she
touched my bottom but it didn't hurt when she started to
lubricate me.  She slid her finger in and out a few times until I
was slippery and then she pushed the enema syringe into me.  When
she squeezed the bulb, I felt the water filling me up.  It wasn't
uncomfortable like I thought it would be.  I just felt kind of
full.  She gave me three full bulbs just like Lucy before I could
go to the toilet.  When it was finished, my stomach felt a lot
better but I was scared about the punishment we were going to
get.  Lucy's mom took me by the hand and brought me down to the
living room still completely naked!  Luckily no one else was
there but Lucy.  Lucy was standing facing a corner with no
clothes on just like me.  I was brought to another corner and
made to stand facing it.  "Come here Lucy.", I heard.  I peeked
over my shoulder and saw Lucy bent over her mother's lap again
and a moment later, her mom gave her a bare-bottomed spanking
just like a little girl.  I was breathing hard.  I knew that I
was going to get a spanking just like that in a minute and I was
ashamed.  The spanking didn't last long and when Lucy's mom told
me to come over, I saw Lucy was back in her corner with her
bottom red.  I bent over her knee real quick so she wouldn't look
at me like before and I felt one hand hold me tight at the small
of my back as the other hand spanked my bare buttocks.  It didn't
last any longer than Lucy's but I was sure embarrassed.  I had to
go back into my corner with my stinging bottom afterwards.
"You'll wait just like that until your father comes home.", said
Lucy's mom.  "He'll finish your punishment."  I couldn't believe
it!  My face turned beet red.  I bet it was redder than my
bottom!  It was bad enough getting spanked but to have Lucy's dad
see me naked, was terrifying!  We didn't have long to wait before
we heard his car pull into the driveway.  I looked over at Lucy
and she was still facing her corner just like me.  Her bottom was
still pink from the spanking.  My bottom didn't hurt any more but
it was still warm.  I heard Lucy's mom meet her husband at the
door and explain to him what had happened.  He came into the
living room a minute later.  "Well, it seems you've both been bad
girls.", he said.  I was trembling, I was so nervous.  "Upstairs
to Lucy's room, you two."  We scampered upstairs to her room and
I waited with my hands covering myself as best I could.  Her
father was right behind us.  He looked right at me first. "Put
your hands on your head.", he said.  I was mortified but I did
what he asked.  I didn't know why but my pussy was as hot as my
bottom and it was really wet.  I guess I got turned on by being
punished like that.  He sat down in front of me and pulled Lucy
over his lap.  They were both looking at me, especially at my
naked pussy without any hair and my really long nipples.  Lucy
got another spanking that was harder than the first and then we
changed places.  Lucy had to stand there with her hands over her
head and showing her naked body while I got my bottom tanned.  I
suppose that Lucy's folks figured that the humiliation was part
of the punishment but it turned me on.  We were told to go to bed
early after that and a little while later, we were lying in bed
talking about it.  I was excited but I was embarrassed to tell
Lucy.  She talked about it first.  "Did you get turned on?", she
said.  I looked at her and nodded. "Me too."  I had been so hot
all afternoon and I was still excited now.  I put my hand under
my nightgown and started to rub myself.  "What are you doing?",
she asked.  I blushed again for about the hundredth time that
day.  She pulled down the covers to see what I was doing.  "Can I
touch you?", she said.  I didn't say anything but she pulled my
hands away and pulled my nightgown up to my neck.  She gently
pulled my knees wide apart and then started to stroke my pussy.
I closed my eyes and just let her do whatever she wanted to me.
I was feeling excited and my hips were starting to press up when
I felt this amazing sensation.  I looked down and Lucy had her
head between my legs and was sticking her tongue into me!  I just
laid back and I a second later I felt like an explosion went off
inside of me.  I was jerking around on the bed and panting and
moaning as Lucy licked me.  When it was all over, I reached over
and touched her.  Her pussy was a lot hairier than mine and she
was really wet.  I stuck my finger into her pussy and she started
grinding her pussy into my hand.  I kept sticking one finger into
her and with the other hand, I started rubbing where her little
button was.  Soon she was moaning and panting and then she had an
orgasm too.  It was the best.  We just lay there after that and
went to sleep in each other's arms totally exhausted.'
     You close the diary and put it back under the pillow.  You
are incredibly turned on.  Your hand has been playing in your
panties for the last couple of minutes as you have been reading
this erotic tale.  You slide one finger and then two into your
soaking pussy.  Your hand rubs faster and faster as you plan to
re-enact Lillian and Lucy's ordeal later tonight.  'What will she
look like with an enema nozzle lodged in her pretty behind?', you
wonder as you bring yourself to a mind-shattering orgasm.

