STORY # 33                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
INITIATION INTO THE CLUB
________________________________________________________________


     Darla was nervous.  She had waited for this day for a long
time and now it looked like she was actually going to be accepted
into the club.  Some of her friends had been part of the club for
almost a year.  There were 16 members in all.  There were both
boys and girls in the club.  The oldest was 18 and the youngest,
was 15.  They had all, said their leader George, been through the
initiation that Darla was about to experience.  Darla wanted to
be a member of the club more than anything.
     Darla was a 16 year old.  She was one of the prettiest girls
in her school.  Her body had bloomed early and she was blessed
with long blond hair, crystal clear blue eyes and a 34-23-33
figure.  She was tall and elegant when dressed up.  Still, she
was only 16 and despite her womanly body, she was very shy.  Now,
she stood alone outside the closed door to the basement of
George's parent's house.  She had just been 'interviewed' in
front of all the members of the club and now she waited for their
decision about whether or not she would be accepted.  She had
been told, in no uncertain terms, that if she was accepted she
would have to go through the "Initiation".  She hadn't been told
what the initiation included but she had been told that she would
probably find it embarrassing.  If she wasn't willing to do the
initiation, said George, then she could back down now.  "No.",
said Darla, "I'll do whatever you say."  Now she waited patiently
wondering what would happen next.
     The door opened suddenly and Darla jumped at the sound.
"Come in.", said Susan and Darla followed her into the room.  She
noticed that her palms were moist.  The other members of the
group had moved their chairs into a semi-circle around a low
table about a foot high that had been placed in the middle of the
room.  Susan led Darla into the center of the room and had her
stand on the table.  George spoke to her first, "You have been
accepted into the club Darla, but first you must complete your
initiation.  Are you ready?"  Darla nodded her head nervously.
"Yes.", she said in a little-girl voice.  George sat down and
Valerie stood up beside Darla.  She took a polaroid camera and
took a shot of Darla standing on the table looking very nervous.
She put down the camera and faced Darla. "Take off your shoes.",
she said clearly.  Darla reached down and untied her Reboks and
them pulled them f.  Valerie held out her hand and Darla gave her
the running shoes.  "The socks too Darla.", said Valerie and
Darla pulled them off and handed them over.  The table felt cool
under Darla's bare feet.  It was strange to be standing there
barefoot and Darla felt oddly embarrassed.  Valerie moved to the
side of the room and put the shoes and socks neatly on a table.
She returned to the center and looked up at Darla again.  "Give
me your blouse now Darla.", she said.  Darla's eyes flew open.
She felt a hot rush as a blush hit her cheeks.  No one had ever
seen her breasts and she was embarrassed that everyone would see
her flimsy bra.  She hesitated a moment longer before reaching up
to undo the buttons on her blouse.  Her fingers trembled slightly
as she did so.  She removed the blouse carefully, making sure
that a hand was always protecting her breasts.  She was now
wearing only a scanty bra that was almost see through.  Darla
watched as Valerie carefully folded the blouse and put it on the
table beside her shoes.  Her skirt was next and Darla felt her
face turn hot and red as the garment tumbled to the floor.  Her
white cotton panties were also very high cut and very revealing
and Darla kept telling herself that it was just like at the
beach.  Somehow that thought didn't seem of much comfort.  "Clasp
your hands behind your head.", said George and Darla closed her
eyes for a second as she did so.  She had never been so
embarrassed in her life.  Even worse, to her mortification, her
nipples decided that now would be a good time to get hard and
Darla could feel them start to stick out against the fabric of
her bra.  She could just feel the eyes of everyone watching her.
Darla felt Valerie move up onto the table behind her and hold her
wrists for a moment.  Suddenly Darla felt her wrists being pulled
upward.  Valerie had attached leather cuffs to them and Darla was
now helplessly attached to the rope that went to the ceiling.
Valerie pulled up one strap of Darla's bra and Darla watched as
Valerie cut it with scissors.  The second strap was next and
then, as Darla knew it would, the bra was undone and removed all
together.  Her breasts sprang into view.  Darla was close to
tears she was so embarrassed.  She saw everyone looking at them.
Darla was proud of her breasts but she never thought that they
would be put on display for everyone.  Her firm breasts were
topped with very long pink nipples that were fat and right now,
very hard and tingling.  Valerie moved around to in front of
Darla and put her hands up on her shoulders.  Darla felt her cool
soft hands slide down her front.  They moved down over her taut
breasts first and lingered there for a moment.  Darla jumped
slightly as Valerie pinched the tight nipples hard.  Then Valerie
stepped down and continued to glide her hands over the young
girl's body.  They slid down over Darla's tight belly and as they
came into contact with the panties Darla felt Valerie hook her
fingers into them and the flimsy garment was slid smoothly all
the way down her legs.  Darla was now completely naked and
Valerie now sat down.  George stood up and took another Polaroid
of the helpless girl and then turned to face Darla.  "You
initiation is just starting.", he said, "You are now going to
receive phase 2.  Your bottom is about to be spanked with the
initiation paddle and then we will continue.  George picked up a
ping pong paddle and moved around to behind Darla.  Darla heard
the whistle of air as the paddle swung toward her and then felt
the searing pain of the paddle as it landed!  It took her breath
away and before she could even cry out, a second stroke landed.
Each member of the group gave Darla 2 spanks making 32 in all.
Darla's bottom was on fire when it ended and there were tears on
her cheeks.  She felt her hands being untied and she thought that
the initiation was over but she was only having her position
changed.  Now she was tied on her back on the table.  Her hands
were tied to the top of the table and her feet were attached so
that her legs were spread wide apart.  Darla could feel
everyone's gaze on her virginal pussy and she was mortified to
feel that she was moist down there!  In fact the whole stripping
and spanking had been a turn on!  Now Susan stood up.  She knelt
down between Darla's legs and Darla looked down to see that she
was clipping Darla's pubic hair with small scissors.  When the
hair was cropped very close, Susan took out a small razor and
started to shave.  "Oh no!", thought Darla, but it was too late.
In a few short minutes, Darla's bush was completely removed.  She
was now just like a little girl.  The juices on Darla's pussy
were now evident to everyone.  Each member of the group got a
chance to participate in Darla's initiation.  The next was a
young boy who, to Darla's horror lubricated her bottom and
inserted a tiny plastic dildo.  Two twin girls teased her nipples
and attached silver pinching clips to them.  The sensation was
not very painful but it was an incredible turn on.  One person
began playing with her pussy and Darla began squirming her hips
despite herself.  She had often played with herself but nothing
she had done had ever been like this.  The hand at her pussy was
covered in oil and Darla heard herself moan as it started playing
with her clit.  Whenever Darla felt she was close to coming,
everyone would stop and Darla was soon pleading with them to
giver her some relief.  The teasing continued.  Finally Darla
looked up and promised she would do ANYTHING if only they would
let her come.  Valerie stood up again and Darla watched,
fascinated, as in one motion, Valerie pulled her dress over her
head leaving her completely naked.  Darla's eyes widened as she
saw that Val's bush was shaved too!  Valerie stood up on the
table and before Darla knew what was happening, she was kneeling
over Darla with her shaved pussy lips right in Darla's face! "If
you want relief", she said, "you'll have to lick me!"  Darla
didn't even hesitate.  She stuck her tongue out as far as it
would go and Valerie lowered herself on it.  Her taste was not
unpleasant.  It was a little salty and Darla kind of liked it.
Valerie was soaking wet and she started to moan almost
immediately.  Darla felt the attentions of everyone else on her
body start again and she licked harder.  It didn't take long.
Valerie's tummy started to tighten up and Val threw her head back
as she started to come.  Darla could feel her own body writhing
in its bonds as she got closer and closer to a peak.  All of a
sudden the dildo in her bottom started moving in and out slowly
as someone started to play with it.  It was the final straw.
Darla cried out and tugged at her bonds as her orgasm hit her.
Her hands curled into fists as she pulled with all of her might
and she felt her tummy tie itself in a knot and she cried out
again and again as she hit her peak.  The stimulation of her
over-excited body didn't stop and Darla felt herself have wave
after wave of orgasm.  Finally, it was over.  Darla opened her
eyes, exhausted.  All around her were naked bodies.  They were
all hugging her and kissing her.  The biggest smile of all was
George's "Welcome to the club.", he said.  Darla smiled as she
closed her eyes and fell asleep.

