STORY # 23                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
SOUTH AMERICAN ADVENTURE
________________________________________________________________


     Vacation time again and this time you and your friend
Natalie have taken an "Adventure Excursion" into South America.
It is a three week tour and the first two weeks have been
incredible.  You and Nat have travelled through some of the most
exotic jungle scenery in the world.  The natives have been very
friendly and all in all you have enjoyed this trip as no other.
You are now on a rickety old school bus which operates as the
local version of inter-city travel.  You are on your way to the
next sleepy town on your itinerary.  Last night you and Nat found
a local party going on to which you were instantly invited.  The
local boys crowded around, anxious to play with the two 'gringa'
girls.  You shiver with delight remembering the way you and
Natalie got stoned and then, holding hands, lying side by side,
you were gloriously fucked by two of the more attractive boys.
Your daydreaming is suddenly interrupted by the bus coming to an
abrupt stop.  The front door opens and two soldiers get on.  They
make their way slowly down the aisle looking carefully into each
passenger's face.  They stop at your seat and look at both you
and Natalie.  "You two off the bus!", exclaims the soldier.  You
attempt to argue but the soldier grabs you by the arm and before
you know it, you are standing at the side of the road watching
your bus disappear around the next bend.  You are terrified.
People have disappeared in countries like this, you think.  The
soldiers refuse to answer your frantic questions.  Instead they
handcuff your hands behind your back and you and your friend are
bundled into the jeep to return in the direction you came from.
An hour or so later, you and Nat arrive back in the small town of
last night.  The soldiers bring you to the local garrison and
into the office of Colonel Ortega.  He is an attractive but stern
looking man sitting behind a large desk.  He looks up as you
enter.  "Good afternoon ladies.", he says in a deep voice,"Do you
know that we have severe penalties in our country for people who
use illegal drugs?"  Now you are very nervous.  You know that
smoking dope in a foreign country is a stupid idea and you
mentally kick yourself for doing it last night.  Natalie tries to
explain but the colonel cuts her off. "Do you have more of these
drugs with you?", he asks.  You tell him that you do not.  "We
shall see.", he says, "Please remove all of your clothing."  You
hesitate for a moment but you realize that there is little
choice.  As embarrassing as it will be to undress in front of
these strange men, the alternative is too dangerous to consider.
You look over at Natalie and she is blushing furiously as she
quietly unbuttons her blouse.  You hang your head submissively
and start to remove your white cotton shirt.  As usual, you are
not wearing a bra and the soldiers whistle appreciatively as your
firm white breasts come into view.  Your jeans are next leaving
you in only your flimsy bikini panties.  As Nat removes her
skirt, she reveals her long tanned legs and her sheer silk
panties.  The colonel smiles at the sight.  "All of your clothes
if you please.", he says.  You are both beet red at the
humiliation of having to do this but you both bend down to remove
your last piece of protection.  The colonel now instructs you to
clasp your hands behind your head and you both do so thus
exposing yourselves completely to him and the other soldiers.  He
stands up and moves around his desk for a better look.  "You will
have to be searched completely for this contraband.", he says.
He looks back and forth between you and Nat comparing your
smaller firm breasts with Natalie's large ones.  Your nipples
have gotten hard despite yourself and you are mortified to see
him looking at them carefully.  You glance sideways at Nat and
see that her long pink nipples have extended themselves too.
Although you should be scared for your life, you find yourself at
once scared and oddly turned on by the situation you are in.  The
colonel looks at Natalie "You first, I think.", he says.  One of
the soldiers takes her and pulls her into the next room.  The
colonel walks around you carefully examining your body.  You feel
him stroke your exposed bottom with his rough hand and you jump
at the touch.  "Sensitive?", he asks.  You nod your head.  "This
is the part of the body that naughty girls have punished in my
country.", he says.  You close your eyes at the thought of your
bottom being spanked just like a little girl.  Your hands are
still clasped behind your head and the colonel takes advantage of
your well-presented breasts to squeeze them next.  Your eyes snap
open to see him pulling on the nipples with his large strong
hands.  You moan softly as he pulls them both out as far as he
can before releasing them.  The door opens and Natalie reappears.
Her face is beet red and she avoids looking at you as she stands
back in front of the colonel and places her hands back behind her
head.  The soldiers take you now and pull you into the next room.
There is a table here and you are pushed onto it on your back.
You are sure that they are going to fuck you but you are wrong.
Two soldiers hold your legs wide apart while the other sits
between your legs.  You feel his fingers parting your sensitive
pussy lips and sliding two fingers deep into you.  Your hips
jumps reflexively at the penetration and you are embarrassed that
the soldier finds your pussy so wet.  His fingers slide in and
out of you a few times and then one slides deep into your bottom.
You let out another moan as he roughly lubricates your bottom.
Now they stand you against the wall and one of the soldiers
begins to take pictures of your naked body while the others place
you in a variety of exposing positions.  It is very embarrassing
to expose yourself so wantonly but also strangely exciting.  As
soon as the pictures are done, you are brought back in the room
where the colonel is now playing with Nat's long nipples.  You
stand back beside her and, as instructed, place your hands back
behind your head.  The colonel sits down again,  "You know, we
could have you put into prison for a long time but I am in a
benevolent mood today.  I shall give you a choice.  You may go to
our jail here for an extended stay in our fine country or you may
accept to be punished immediately for your crimes.  I assure you
that you will not find this punishment comfortable.  It will
begin at the hands of the woman in charge of female prisoners
with the kind of spanking little girls receive from their
mothers.  It will end with you back here punished by me and my
men in a more personal manner.  You may choose but choose now."
You and Natalie look at each other.  The alternatives are not
pleasant but you can see there is little choice.  "We'll be
punished by you.", you tell him.  He smiles at your answer.  He
barks a few short words at the guards and you and Nat are pulled
right out of his office still stark naked!  They bring you down
along a busy corridor while everyone laughs at you and Nat as
they do so.  You have never been so embarrassed.  The men whistle
as you pass and you feel a few hands reach out to fondle your
exposed breasts or buttocks.  At the end of the corridor you are
brought into another office and told to stand and wait.  A side
door opens and a large severe looking woman enters the room.  She
smiles at you as you stand at attention but her smile has little
warmth in it.  "You first.", she says pointing at Natalie.
Natalie shuffles forward and the woman handcuffs her hands in
front of her.  The woman sits down in a straight backed chair and
pulls Nat over her lap.  She gives a soldier some instructions
and he bends down to fasten Nat's ankles to a bar about three
feet long.  Her legs are thus spread wide apart exposing her
pussy and anus to you.  You see that her pussy lips are puffed
out as though she is sexually excited and her pussy is glistening
wet.  The woman takes a black leather strap and lays it gently on
Natalie's buttocks.  You see Nat shiver as she lays there
passively.  The spanking now starts.  At first the strokes are
gentle but gradually they increase in intensity as the sharp
report of the leather against Natalie's sensitive bottom rings
out over and over again.  The spanking continues until Natalie is
crying and her bottom is a bright red.  You are trembling, you
are so nervous.  You know that you are next.  The woman lays down
the strap now but she doesn't let Nat up yet.  You see her hand
rubbing Nat's bottom feeling the heat.  Her fingers dip down
between her legs and you see two long female fingers slide slowly
but deeply into Natalie's wet pussy.  They come out glistening
and one then the other is gently slid deep into Nat's exposed
bottom.  Nat lies there passively as her most intimate opening is
penetrated by this strange woman.  The woman reaches down now and
takes a long string of beads.  She pushes the beads one by one
into Natalie's now lubricated bottom until they are all inserted.
The last six inches of the string dangles from her bottom.  The
ankle restraints are now removed and Natalie stands up beside
you.  She has stopped crying but her tear streaked face is
testimony to the severity of the spanking.  Now it is your turn.
Your hands are fastened as Natalie's were in front of you and you
are pulled over the woman's lap.  The feeling of her nylons
against your naked skin is strange and you have never felt as
helpless as at this moment.  Your face is about a foot from the
floor and you reach out your hands to steady yourself.  You feel
the woman's hands caressing your buttocks as the soldier pulls
your feet wide apart to attach to the ankle restraints.  It is
oddly exciting to be so exposed to this woman and the soldier
behind you.  Your soaking pussy and sensitive ass are completely
exhibited.  You feel the warm leather strap gently stroking your
white bottom.  All of a sudden the woman starts to spank you with
the strap and at first, just like Natalie, the spanks are almost
gentle, and certainly not painful.  The spanking continues to get
harder and harder until each smack of the leather brings a sharp
sting to your bottom.  You can feel the stinging heat travel
through your rump directly to your pussy and your juices start to
flow.  The spanking is even harder now and you can feel the tears
come to your eyes.  A moment later the spanking stops and all you
can feel is the heat of your buttocks rising from you.  You feel
the woman's cool hand caressing you and then her fingers touching
your wet slit.  The sensation is at once exciting and
humiliating.  Her long thin fingers slide easily deep into you
and you are unable to contain a gasp at the feeling.  You too
feel her finger lubricating your buttocks and then a string of
beads is slowly inserted into your ass.  You feel each one as it
pushes past your sphincter and into your body.  The feeling of
the string hanging between your legs is very strange as you stand
once again beside Natalie.  The soldiers take you out of the
office and back down the crowded corridor this time at a much
slower pace.  The men and women laugh at your red bottom and you
feel many a smack on your sensitive rear before you are led into
another room.  You and Nat are blindfolded and you feel yourself
being pushed onto your back on a cold table.  You hear Natalie
being put in the same position next to you.  Your hands are
attached to the head of the table and your knees are fastened
wide apart.  The soldiers leave and for a few moments there is
silence.  "Are you OK Nat?", you ask in a whisper.  "Uh huh.",
she whispers back, "How about you."  You hesitate a moment before
you reply.  "I'm alright.  That spanking sure hurt but you know
it's funny.  It kind of turned me on."  "Yeah", says Natalie, "Me
too."  You both hear the door open and you stop talking.  The
sounds of at least two people move around you.  You hear Nat gasp
and a moment later you feel rough fingers pulling sharply at your
nipples.  You gasp also as they are pinched hard and pulled up,
away from your body.  The fingers continue to toy with your
nipples, pulling them and squeezing them until you feel you could
come from the stimulation of your tits alone.  You feel one
nipple being pulled hard away from you and then you feel the cold
metallic pinching of a nipple clip fastening on it.  The other
nipple immediately undergoes the same treatment.  You are left
for a moment to savor the piquant feeling of your nipples being
pinched hard and then you feel the fingers of your tormentor at
your pussy.  His rough workman hands are pulling your wet pussy
lips with his fingertips, stretching them far apart until it is a
little painful before he lets them go.  Your pussy is now
dripping its juices more or less continuously and you hear
Natalie moan softly next to you in response to her 'treatment'.
Now you feel the pinching feeling of clips on your pussy lips as
they are pulled wide apart and fastened there to display the pink
interior of your slit.  You hear a low hum and a moment later the
feeling of a vibrator touches your clit directly.  You cry out.
Your body has been overstimulated for ages and this is too much.
You feel your hips straining upwards despite yourself as you
attempt to press against the vibrator.  Natalie's cries of
passion now mingle with yours as she suffers the same fate.  Your
tormentor seems an expert.  Whenever you are close to coming, he
stops and lets your writhing body wait until it has calmed down.
Your entire body is begging to be fucked and you know that you
won't be able to stand it much more.  The heat in your buttocks
from the spanking combined with the constant stimulation of your
nipples and pussy is driving you crazy.  You feel hands squeezing
your breasts and pulling at the tight nipple clips.  Now the
vibrator slides slowly and deeply into your hot, wet box and you
moan out loud at the exquisite feeling.  You know you are about
to come as never before when all of a sudden you feel the string
of beads being pulled gently from your bottom.  You had
completely forgotten about them but now your entire being is
focused on the sensation.  You feel the first bead at the
entrance to your anus as steady pressure from the string holds it
there in the most sensitive spot.  You feel your body start to
shake as you begin to come.  Your pussy tightens on the vibrator
and your ass tightens on the first bead as a little tug pulls it
from your body.  The release of the bead provides enough
stimulation to push you over the edge and you cry out in pleasure
as you peak.  The vibrator continues to play with you and you
feel the second bead being pulled from you.  You peak again at
the sensation as your entire body, now bathed in a sheen of sweat
thrashes up and down in your bonds.  "I'll never survive it.
There must be twenty of those beads",  you think to yourself as
the third causes yet another orgasm.  You surrender your body
totally to the sensations.  Dimly, as if in the distance, you
hear Natalie crying out with pleasure as she gives herself over
totally to the orgasms wracking her body.  It seems a lifetime
before it is over and when it is you lie there weak with the
effort.  Your body is totally spent.  Your blindfold is removed
and your bonds untied.  You need the support of the soldier as he
leads you back to the colonel's office.  You no longer care that
everyone is looking at your naked body.  They bring you and Nat
back into the office where the colonel is sitting.  You realize
that you have no idea who saw you or who touched you or who did
what to your body.  The colonel is smiling.  He holds up a
videotape and looks at you both.  "Your punishment is complete.",
he says, "However we will be enjoying it for some time to come."
You are given your clothes back but before you can dress, you are
brought right outside into the open and hustled back into the
jeep.  Still completely naked, you are driven almost all the way
to the next village before they let you out of the jeep and leave
you there, naked at the side of the road.  You and Nat sit down
on the grass beside the road and lie back, exhausted.  A few
minutes later, you raise yourself up on one elbow.  You look over
at your friend, lying on her back still completely nude.  Her
breasts are gently rising and falling with each breath.  You have
never really allowed yourself to think about it before but she
really turns you on.  "Nat?", you say tentatively.  Her eyes open
slowly and she looks right at you.  You don't exchange words, you
just look at each other.  It is as though she is reading your
mind.  She rolls over and pushes you back as her lips reach
yours.  The kiss is like none you have ever experienced.  Your
tongues mingle back and forth as your passion rises yet again.
Natalie swings herself around so that her head is between your
legs which you spread willingly.  You pull one of her legs over
you so that you are in a perfect 69 position.  As her tongue
glides easily into your pussy your lips suck her clitoris into
your mouth.  You mirror her every action, knowing that she feels
exactly what you do as you bring each other to another peak of
ecstasy.  It is two exhausted but smiling girls who finally reach
their hotel that afternoon walking down the road hand in hand.
