STORY # 27                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
SPECIAL REFORM SCHOOL FOR GIRLS # 1
________________________________________________________________

     It was 3 o'clock in the afternoon when Lori arrive at the
"Special Reform School for Girls".  She was understandably
nervous.  The excitement and fear of coming to this place had
been building for weeks.  It had been almost a month ago when
Lori's parents had sat her down for an important talk.  Lori
remembered it like it was yesterday.  She and her sister Roxanne
had just received her weekly "punishment" from mom and dad.  Her
bottom was stinging hot and her 16 year old pussy was hotter
especially after the "pussy spanking" from Mom.
     "Lori", her father said, "You're 16 years old now and your
mother and I would like to discuss something with you.  We think
it is time in your development where you should be disciplined by
someone from outside of your own family.  You know that we
believe that someone with the proper upbringing can go far in
this world and therefore, we have enrolled you into the "Special
Reform School for Girls" for 3 weeks of study.  As you can
imagine from the name, they specialize in discipline."  Lori's
heart was pounding as her mind began to conjure up images of
punishments to be received.  'What would it be like?', she
wondered, 'to be spanked by a stranger!  "You will be going there
on the 15th of next month", her father said, "and you're younger
sister will follow you the week after for 2 weeks of study."
Lori started to tremble at the thought of what would happen to
her while she was there.  The next three weeks were a jumble as
Lori tried not to think about her upcoming trip.  On the last
night the family had its usual "punishment" session and Lori's
was particularly long and exciting.  Her mom and dad told her
that they would be driving her to the special school tomorrow and
that tonight she and her mom would be packing her things.  "You
won't need much.", said her dad, "They'll be providing
everything."  His face held the hint of a smile but she wasn't
sure why.  When her mom packed Lori's case, Lori was surprised
that it contained so few clothes.  "You won't need too much
dear.", she was told.  Her clothes for the next day had been all
laid out.  She was to wear a light cotton sundress that was
backless.  She was to wear shoes and panties but no bra was
allowed.  It was almost a sleepless night for Lori.  She couldn't
get the strange and exciting thoughts out of her head.  Being
punished was not unknown to her.  Her parents had been spanking
her for years but she had never been punished by a stranger or in
front of a stranger and the thought of that happening was at once
embarrassing and exciting.    The car pulled past the gate and
into the courtyard.  It would hold perhaps 30 students when full.
The building was old and slightly forbidding.  Lori shivered
slightly as her mom and dad pulled up to the door.  The three of
them went inside and were quickly ushered into the office of the
principal.  Mr. Walson's office was very large.  It had two
leather chairs in front of his desk and Lori's parents sat down
in them leaving her to stand submissively between them.  They
were not to wait long.  Mr. Walson entered a couple of minutes
later.  "Good Afternoon.", he said, "I won't keep you waiting
long.  Simply sign these release forms turning Lori over to our
care for three weeks and allowing us to discipline her as we see
fit.  Lori's felt her heart racing.  Her palms were moist and she
was sure that everyone could see her trembling.  A few short
minutes later it was done.  Lori was now officially in the care
of this strange institution.  "We'll see you in three weeks,
Honey", said her mom.  Lori quickly kissed her mom and dad good-
bye .  "Wait here Lori while I see your parents out.", said Mr.
Walson.  When he returned he accompanied by an older woman.  She
was a matronly type with dark hair streaked with grey.  She had a
no-nonsense look about her and her piercing gaze made Lori
immediately bow her head to look at the floor.  "This is Miss
Paltir.", said the principal, "You will be in her charge while
you are here."  "Follow me Lori.", said the woman and Lori
dutifully followed her upstairs into a large tiled bathroom.  The
room was overlarge and more than a little foreboding.  Lori took
a moment to look around.  There was a counter and sink off to the
left and some cabinets on the far side.  Commanding the center of
the room was an old fashioned bathtub.  Off to the right was a
doctor's examining table.  The sight of the metal stirrups made
Lori shiver again.  Miss Paltir now turned around and Lori looked
up to see that what she had been doing was setting up a video
camera!  Lori's eyes widened as Miss Paltir approached her.
"Your entire stay here will be recorded.", she said, "Now, I am
going to prepare you.  come over here."  Lori moved over beside
her and, as instructed, stood up on a small platform about one
foot high beside the bathtub.  "Remove your shoes.", said Miss
Paltir.  Lori did so now feeling the cool feel of the platform
against her bare feet.  "Now the dress.", said the stern woman.
Lori pulled the cotton sundress off over her head leaving her in
only her white cotton panties.  Her hands went naturally to cover
her breasts but Miss Paltir wouldn't permit it.  "No, keep those
hands down.", she said.  A deep blush hit Lori's face as she
lowered her hands.  Her pert teenage breasts were now on display
for this strange woman.  Despite herself she could feel her long
brown nipples getting hard.  Miss Paltir staring right at them
and Lori could see her smile slightly as she watched them
stiffen.  "Place your hands behind your head young lady.", she
said and reluctantly Lori did so.  The older woman now reached
over to grasp the waistband of the young girl's panties.  Very
slowly, she pulled on them removing her last defense.  Lori's
smooth white bottom and tan line were revealed and then her
triangle of brown hair was uncovered.  A moment later, Lori was
naked.  Lori was mortified as the video camera continued to
impassionately record her ordeal.  "Turn around Lori.", said Miss
Paltir.  Lori obediently turned full circle allowing Miss Paltir
to further examine her now naked body.  When her bottom came into
view, Miss Paltir instructed her to pause for a moment.  Lori
felt the cool hands of the older woman stroking her buttocks.
"Mmmm perfect for a spanking.", she murmured to herself.  Then,
to Lori's horror, her buttocks were spread wide apart by the
woman thus exposing her most intimate opening.  A moment later,
Lori was instructed to continue to turn around until she was
facing Miss Paltir again.  Lori's hands were still behind her
head, submissively offering herself to the woman.  Leaving Lori
in this position, Miss Paltir now drew a hot bath and filled the
tub with bubbles.  When the tub was full, Lori was told to get in
it.  She was not to be permitted to touch herself, she was told.
Miss Paltir began to wash her, paying particular attention to her
sensitive 34B breasts and between her legs.  Lori couldn't stifle
a moan as Miss Paltir's soaping hands lingered over her pussy.
When she was finished and had been dried in a huge bath towel,
she was led over to the doctor's examining table.  Her heart
began to race faster as they approached.  "Up on the table
Lori.", she was told. Slowly, she got up on the table and lay on
her back feeling the paper crinkle under her.  Her feet were put
into the cold stirrups and fastened there with cloth straps.
Then the stirrups were adjusted far apart to completely expose
her.  Straps were attached to her wrists and these were pulled
above her head and clipped to the top of the table.  Lori was
left like this, completely helpless and totally exposed.  She
started to tremble with the anticipation of what might happen
next.  She was getting more and more turned on and she knew that
her pussy was soaking wet by now.  As though reading her mind,
Miss Paltir looked down and said, "You're going to get an enema
young lady.  Have you ever had one before?"  "Yes Miss.", said
Lori in a meek little girl voice.  Miss Paltir moved down now
between Lori's outstretched legs.  Lori felt her long cool
fingers touching her there.  Her sensitive inner lips were pulled
apart to show the hot, wet interior.  Then they were pulled back
to expose her hard little clit.  When Miss Paltir touched it,
Lori's hips jumped and she moaned softly.  Again Miss Paltir
smiled.  Lori now watched as she took a tube of lubricant and
applied a liberal amount of it to her finger.  She shuddered
thinking about what was about to happen to her.  As Miss Paltir
approached her again, Lori turned her head aside, not daring to
look.  The cool touch of the lubricated finger on her anus caused
her to clench her pale buttocks but the stirrups kept her open
and vulnerable to the ministrations of her mistress.  The long
slender finger slid slowly but firmly into Lori's hot bottom.
Lori let out a moan as the finger buried itself to the hilt in
her sensitive ass.  Nor was Miss Paltir content to let her finger
lie idle.  It started moving in and out, slowly building a steady
rhythm as Lori's hips started moving up and down of their own
accord.  The finger slowly withdrew leaving Lori now breathing
heavily.  The next sensation was the feel of the enema nozzle as
it slid slowly, but deeply into her.  The warm rush of water
followed immediately after.  It seemed to continue for a long,
long time.  Lori felt her stomach getting tighter and tighter as
the water filled her.  It was soon complete.  As the enema nozzle
was removed, Miss Paltir quickly replaced it with a butt plug.
"Mmmppff", said Lori.  She had never had such a device in her
before.  It was about 4 inches long and thinner in the middle
than at the end.  When it was inserted into her, it took her
breath away as her anus was stretched over the unyielding
plastic. Then her ass clenched over the thinner part of it and it
was in.  Miss Paltir looked up at her.  Lori's face was flushed
and she was breathing in short ragged breaths.  "I'll be back in
a few minutes.", she said, "You need time to leave the water in."
She left the room quickly leaving Lori still attached to the
table.  Lori was helpless and particularly vulnerable.  She felt
a dire need to go to the bathroom but the butt plug prevented it.
The butt plug itself was holding her ass open but tight.  It was
the most unique feeling she had ever encountered and she moaned
out loud as she pulled at her bonds.  Every second seemed like an
eternity as she waited for Miss Paltir to return.  In reality it
was only 5 minutes or so but it seemed to Lori to have lasted
forever.  When she returned Lori had expected that she would be
immediately released but it was not to be so.  Miss Paltir again
positioned herself between Lori's outstretched legs.  Lori looked
down to see her begin to remove Lori's brown patch of pussy hair
with a razor.  "Oh no... Please don't.", she whimpered, pleading.
Her cries fell on deaf ears as Miss Paltir quickly and expertly
removed all of her pubic hair thus leaving her more exposed than
ever.  The constant touching of Lori's pussy kept her on the
verge of orgasm but the experienced woman would not allow it.
Soon it was done.  Miss Paltir loosened her bonds and led her
over to the toilet and had her sit down before reaching between
her legs to pull out the butt plug.  Lori was embarrassed but
relieved as it was removed.  She was not left by herself however.
Miss Paltir stayed there, watching everything as did the ever
present video camera.  Lori had never been so humiliated.  She
was soon cleaned up and Miss Paltir finally decided that she was
"ready".  Lori wasn't sure for what.  Leather cuffs were attached
to her wrists and ankles and another thinner one around her neck
as a collar.  She was told that they would remain on for her
entire stay to remind her of her status.  She was given a thin
cotton robe to wear.  It was not much more substantial than a
hospital gown.  It came down to just below her buttocks and as
she looked down she could see that her brown nipples were clearly
visible through the thin fabric.  She was not permitted any
underwear or even shoes.  Her hands were fastened behind her back
and she was then led out of the bathroom and back downstairs to
the study.  The study or library was an interesting room.  It was
filled with leather chairs and opulent surroundings.  In the
center of the room was what looked like a vaulting horse from
school.  Lori suspected that's its use here was probably very
different.  Over to one side was the ever present video camera.
As she was led into the room, she saw Mr. Walson again.  He was
sitting in a comfortable leather chair as she approached.  He
looked her up and down carefully.  Lori's face was stilled
flushed from the constant stimulation she had had over the last
hour.  Her pussy was, she knew still moist and hot.  She was
embarrassed to be on display like this in front of a stranger and
she found herself unable to look Mr. Walson in the eye.  "Remove
the gown.", he said suddenly in a deep and stern voice.  Lori
felt a stab of fear strike her stomach.  Miss Paltir reached over
and undid her wrists and then in one quick motion pulled the robe
over her head leaving her again completely naked.  Her hands were
once again fastened behind her leaving her now naked and exposed
in front of Mr. Walson.  Her shaved pussy was now being seen for
the first time and her hot pussy juices were clearly visible on
the protruding lips.  "Have her over the bench, if you please
Miss Paltir", said the principal.  Lori felt herself being pulled
over the leather vault.  Her bare belly and breasts pressed down
hard on the cool leather.  Her wrists and ankles were stretched
out taught and attached to convenient clips in the legs of the
vault.  Her ankles were pulled apart and once again she blushed
as she was exposed to Mr. Walson and the camera.  She felt the
rough fingers of Mr. Walson at her rear and a moment later one
was sliding into her bottom, covered in lubricant.  Lori's toes
curled as the finger worked its way into her.  It was soon
removed and replaced by a larger plastic intruder.  It felt just
like the butt plug that had recently filled her behind.  This one
was, however, different.  Mr. Walson reached down and turned it
on.  The rectal plug began to vibrate, sending incredible
sensations up into Lori's already oversensitive body.  Lori cried
out at the feeling.  She looked behind her and saw that Mr.
Walson was holding a leather crop.  Lori closed her eyes at the
sight.  The sound of the crop whistling through the air came just
before the searing pain of it on her behind.  The strokes were
quick and hard and it only took a couple before tears were
streaming down Lori's face.  She opened her eyes and saw Miss
Paltir right beside her stroking her face.  Behind her Mr. Walson
was stroking her bottom.  The sensations were overwhelming.  The
vibrating plug in her anus, the hot stinging sensation in her
buttocks and Miss Paltir who now reached over to begin tugging at
Lori's long, aching nipples.  Behind her Mr. Walson inserted two
fingers deep into her pussy as he began toying with the anal
vibrator.  It was too much.  Lori's whole body tightened and she
cried out loud as her orgasm started from the tips of her toes
and raced through her.  Her pussy was on fire and she could feel
herself bucking against the bonds as she came.  Her ass clenched
on the vibrator and her pussy tightened on the penetrating
fingers as she came again and then again in the most intense
sensation she had ever encountered in her sixteen years.  As she
calmed down, she began wondering if it would be like this for the
entire three weeks!
