STORY # 10                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
TRIP TO THE CARRIBEAN
________________________________________________________________


     It is spring and it is vacation time.  We have just arrived
in the Caribbean after a long flight.  You are wearing a
light cotton blouse and skirt and sneakers.  As usual, you
wear neither bra nor panties.  Upon arrival, a small taxi
takes us on a 10 minute journey to a small harbour.  We board
a large Windjammer type sailboat and a couple of minutes
later, we are underway.  By evening, we are anchored near a
deserted island far from civilization.  There are four
couples aboard plus the captain and his first mate who is a
gorgeous blond.  During this first short sail from the
harbour to where you have anchored, you have seen the others
on the boat, but you have not had the chance to speak to
them.  That evening, you are all sitting at the large dining
table when the captain invites you all to introduce
yourselves.  The man to your left starts, "My wife here", he
says, "is very submissive.  She was first initiated over a
year ago.  There are some things she likes more than others.
She loves being dominated by another woman.  She loves having
her nipples punished with strong nipple clamps.  She loves
having her bottom lubricated.  She is embarrassed when she is
exhibited but she gets very hot very fast.  She also gets hot
when she's spanked especially if it is done by another woman.
I keep her pussy shaved and I regularly have someone take
pictures of her in bondage."  You are shocked.  This was the
last thing you expected.  Throughout the description, the
pretty brunette has kept her head down submissively.  As she
looks up, you see the blush of her embarrassment in being
described this way.  You realize that your own face is
flushed and that soon I will describe you.  The men continue
in turn describing their companions.  I am last.  I describe
your submissive behavior.  You blush and hang your head as
the others hear of your past adventures and as I describe in
intimate detail what things have turned you on and which have
turned you off.  Both the men and the women look at you
appreciatively as your extra-long nipples and shaved pussy
lips are described.  Your nipples get hard despite yourself
as you hear me describe them.  When everyone all the women
have been introduced in this way, the captain and the man to
your left rise from the table.  They take the man's wife
between them and march her upstairs.  We all follow.  Her
clothes are quickly removed and her hands tied above her
head.  She must stand on her toes to maintain her balance.
She, like all the women, is beautiful.  She has large breasts
and she is shaved just as you are.  The captain takes a
leather strap and gently straps the brunette's buttocks with
it.  When they have been 'warmed up', she is untied.  It is
obvious to everyone that she has become turned on by her
situation.  You imagine the sensation of being tied up in
that position, on display for all of these strangers and
then having your buttocks spanked just like a little girl.
You begin to get wet imagining it and your mind starts to
wonder what they will eventually do with you.  The man looks
at the brunette and says, "Assume the position!"  She
immediately lies on her back with her hands holding her knees
up and wide apart.  You all get a good look at her shaven
slit.  A small dab of honey is put on each nipple and another
on the tip of her protruding clitoris.  A dog is led on deck
by the first mate and he begins to lick at her nipples with
his long rasping tongue.  A shiver runs up your spine.
Surely they are not going to force this sex slave to have sex
with this dog!  At the same time you feel this revulsion, you
are strangely fascinated by the sight of the dog licking the
submissive girl whose face is now beet red at her
humiliation.  Everyone's eyes are riveted to the scene.  The
dog now moves lower and begins licking the woman's pussy.
She has begun lubricating and the dog seems quite horny as
his tongue takes long slurping licks from the small of the
brunette's back up to her belly.  His red pointy dick is
sticking out.  The dog is assisted in entering her.  You see
the huge knot of the dog's penis pushing into her wet, open
pussy faster and faster.  Both the woman and the dog are
panting hard now and you notice that despite your racing
heartbeat, you are holding your breath.  The girl looks right
at you and catches your eye.  She looks at you for a moment
and then closes her eyes, surrendering totally to the
sensation.  The girl begins coming in loud gasping moans and
her entire body shakes as she is consumed by the orgasm.  You
are all soon sitting back below decks at the table and as you
look around, you see that everyone has been turned on by the
experience.  A young girl with short hair is next.  She is
put on her back in the middle of the table.  You notice that
her pussy has also been shaved.  Nipple clamps are attached
to her breasts as her hands and feet are tied to the four
corners of the table.  The captain reaches into a large bag
and pulls out a vibrator.  One of the girls is instructed to
begin exciting the bound slave with it.  She begins running
the tip of the vibrator along the girl's inner thighs and
around the edges of her pussy.  The bound girl begins to get
wet right away.  The vibrator continues to move all across
her body.  At one point, it touches the nipple clamps and the
girl lets out an uncontrollable moan as the vibrating
sensation affects her nipples.  The captain takes out a thin
leather strap and hands it to you.  You are told to strike
her pussy with it.  You start by lightly hitting the large
puffy lips of her pussy.  Gradually though, you aim your
strokes closer to the center.  You begin to get wet yourself
as you watch how turned on the girl is.  Her nipple clamps
are removed and you and the girl with the vibrator are put to
work licking her breasts.  One of the men moves between her
legs and enters her quickly.  She cries out and her hips rise
to meet his thrusts.  The action continues for some time.
Whenever she is close to coming, the three of you stop for a
moment.  Finally you let her come.  Her passion overboils and
she screams in pleasure.  Her body continues to twitch as the
little after-shocks keep her orgasm at a peak for a couple of
minutes.  There is a break now as everyone gets a drink.  Two
of the women are now completely naked.  You and a young
redhead know that your turn is coming.  The captain and his
mate use this break to set up video camera equipment.  You
remember that the redhead was introduced as being very shy
and private.  You look over to her and see her eyeing the
video equipment apprehensively.  A few minutes later she is
standing in front of the camera with her hands tied behind
her.  One of the men begins by feeling her breasts through
her blouse.  She looks down submissively and blushes.  She is
from Alabama and her whole attitude is that of a Southern
Belle who is doing something naughty.  The man touching her
reaches down and opens her blouse to expose her breasts to
the camera.  Her breasts are firm and well formed and her
hard pink nipples stick straight out from them.  One of the
girls is instructed to apply make-up to the breasts while one
of the men holds her tightly.  She moans softly as dark rouge
highlights her nipples and the surrounding areola.  The
camera moves in closer to capture the screen.  The girl tries
squirming out of view of the camera and the men finally tie
her hands above her head and her feet about two feet apart.
One of the girls now stands behind the redhead and loosens
her skirt.  It falls to the floor revealing magnificent legs
and a naturally red bush.  The girl turns beet red and her
blush extends down to her chest.  One of the men stands up
and pulls gently on the pubic hair.  "Do you like this
hair?", he asks.  "Yes.", she whispers.  "Before we turn off
the camera", he tells her, "you will have nothing down here
but your long pussy lips.  We are going to film you losing
the last defense to your modesty."  The girl closes her eyes
as the thought of it hits her.  She looks incredibly turned
on.  A blindfold is fastened over her eyes and you know from
experience that the sensations your body feels when you
cannot see are heightened immensely.  One of the girls kneels
down in front of her and immediately begins trimming her
bush.  Behind the bound redhead, the other girl brings a
lubricated finger to the girl's bottom.  She gasps as the
long, warm finger works its way up her rear passage and
begins sliding back and forth.  Over the next couple of
minutes, the girls stop a couple of times to keep the redhead
from coming.  As soon as she calms down, they start again
until, finally, she is so turned on that all she can think
about is the release of an orgasm.  Her pussy has been shaved
completely and you can see the unusually long inner lips
opening up like the petals of a flower.  She is so wet, that
her juices are running down the inside of her leg.  I look at
you and say, "Lick her until she comes."   You kneel between
her spread legs and touch her mound.  It is hot.  You grasp
the long inner lips with your fingernails and firmly spread
them apart until she is completely exposed to you.  One of
the men removes her blindfold and tells the gasping girl to
look into the camera.  She wantonly does so.  You let the tip
of your tongue touch her lightly on the inside of her lips.
You can see her hard clitoris sticking out and just begging
to be licked but you don't yet.  You lick her slowly from the
bottom of her pussy to almost the top.  You feel the girl's
tummy tighten at the feelings you are causing her body.
Finally you give her relief.  You pull her clitoris in
between your lips and slide your tongue back and forth across
it.  The girl cries out at the exquisite sensation as she begins
a long series of orgasms.  You are the only girl still dressed
and as expected, they now turn their attention to you.  You feel
your stomach tighten in apprehension as the men take you and hold
you between them.  Two of the other girls quickly remove your
clothes.  You are led to the table and tied to it in the most
exposing manner possible.  The men and women begin touching your
body, examining your shaved pussy and pulling your long nipples.
You are already so turned on that you start to drip your juices
from your pussy almost immediately.  One of the men takes little
clamps not unlike nipple clamps and fastens them to your
sensitive inner pussy lips.  Cords are attached to them and you
feel your pussy pulled wide apart as the cords are attached to
either side of you.  Your pussy is now totally exposed and you
close your eyes and enjoy for a moment the feeling of having your
tiny pink lips pulled tightly away from your pussy.  A long warm
finger is slowly sliding in and out of your bottom and your hips
begin to move of their own accord in rhythm with the movement.
You feel a blindfold being fitted over your eyes and a moment
later, the sharp feeling of an ice cube touching one nipple.  You
jump at the sensation.  Its cold touch is only momentary and as
soon as it is removed, it is replace by a warm tongue that
delicately darts out to touch the tip of your nipple.  It plays
back and forth and then around the hard nubbin.  Then, the ice
cube again followed by the hot mouth of your tormentor.  The
other nipple now begins to get the same treatment simultaneously,
the hot and the cold alternating the sensations that seem to
travel directly to your pussy.  The two mouths working on your
nipples are taking all of your attention but now, a third person
begins the same technique on the back of your left knee.  First
the ice cold sensation of the ice cube then the sensuous touch of
a hot tongue.  It is only a moment before your right leg begins
getting the same treatment, first on the back of your knee and
then the sensitive inside of your spread apart thighs.  The four
ice cubes and mouths are driving you crazy and now they are
assisted by a fifth who starts by letting drops from their ice
cube onto your tummy and letting them run down between your legs.
The ice cold water, a drip at a time, rolls down across your
bound pussy lips and between your buttocks, running across your
exposed anus before dripping onto the table.  Your body is now
quivering at every sensation and you pull at your bonds,
desperately trying to touch your overexcited body.  The drips
between your legs are now enhanced by a roving tongue and you let
out a load moan despite yourself.  The maddening tongue follows
the trail of water from the small of your back up.  It pauses
briefly at your ass, and quickly darts inside, licking your
sensitive asshole.  It then continues its travel upward.  It
explores the tight lips of your pussy, still held wide apart by
the clamps.  The feeling of the hot tongue moving around your hot
pussy has overshadowed all the other feelings still happening on
other parts of your body.  Your hips move up, trying to get the
tongue to touch your clitoris, seeking relief.  The tongue moves
slowly, exploring every nook and cranny.  Finally, it begins
circling your clitoris, making the circles come closer and
closer.  You feel the intense cold drip of the ice cube directly
on your clitoris and you cry out at the unexpected sensation.
The hot mouth immediately covers your clitoris and pulls it
between its lips.  Your body is shaking uncontrollably now and
simultaneously, two mouths bite your nipples and the hot tongue
between your legs, runs back and forth across your exposed
clitoris.  Your mind goes blank and you feel kind of removed from
yourself as you begin to come in wave after wave.  When you have
calmed down, you are untied and you sink to the floor, exhausted.
Your body is covered with a sheen of sweat but what is most
remarkable is the warm afterglow, sensation you feel through your
entire body.  Everyone else has also laid back to take a breather
and have a drink.  "You will be going to bed soon.", says the
captain, "but this is what the rest of the trip will be like.
You are at our disposal for whatever we say.  During this trip,
you will discover depths of your sexuality that you never dreamed
you had."  You lie back against me with your eyes closed.  Your
body, tired as it is, still tingles at the thought of the wild
days to come as you drift off to sleep.
