FILE:    STORY.01          CODE:        LENGTH:
TITLE:   The Doctor's Office
AUTHOR:  The Master Chris Collection
SOURCE:  The Dungeon
________________________________________________________________

     One night I promise to treat you to a night of pleasure such
as you've never had before.  The only catch is, I say, that you
must obey my every word.  We get in the car and I take you to a
downtown skyscraper office complex.  I bring you to an empty
doctor's waiting room and tell you to wait and that you will be
told what to do then I leave.  You sit nervously in the waiting
room.  These kinds of places never made you feel very comfortable
anyway and you are anxiously wondering what you will be asked to
do.  A few minutes later, a nurse comes out into the waiting
room.  She is tall with dark hair, a good figure; definitely the
no-nonsense type.  She tells you to follow her and immediately
turns around a walks back down the corridor of the office.  You
follow her down the short hallway and int an examining room.  She
turns around and tells you to remove all your clothing including
your watch and and jewelry and to put on the gown then she leaves
the room.  Feeling some apprehension, you follow her
instructions.  The gown is the standard hospital issue.  It is
worn with the opening at the back and comes down to mid-thigh.
There is only one tie at the back at the neck.  You tie the one
tie and as you raise your hands to do so, feel the back of the
gown part to expose your bottom.  You feel particularly
vulnerable.  You wait for what seems like forever (about 5
minutes) for someone to come in.  You spend the time looking
around.  It is pretty much like any examining room.  The stirrups
at the end of the table cause a little chill to go up your spine
and the instruments on the counter cause you to shudder.  Finally
the nurse returns.  She stands directly in front of you for a
moment looking you up and down then she says, "Clasp your hands
behind your head."  You do so, feeling once again the the gown
parting behind you.  She then reaches down and grasping the hem
of the gown, pulls it up to the level of your neck.  You are
completely exposed to her.  She holds the gown up for a long
moment and then drops it.  "Follow me", she says.  She turns and
walks out, past the waiting room and into the main corridor
beyond.  She holds the door open for you to follow.  She walks
down the hallway and presses the elevator button.  You are now
REALLY nervous.  "What if someone sees me in this gown?! What if
someone in on the elevator?!  Where is she taking me?!", you
think.  The elevator opens and blissfully, there is no one there.
The nurse takes you down to the 14th floor and along a similar
corridor.  You enter another doctor's office and walk past his
waiting room and into his office.  The nurse motions you inside.
She closes the door behind you.  Inside the dimly lit office you
see four men.  They are all aproximately 35 years old.  Behind
the desk in obviously the doctor.  He is wearing the standard
white coat and seems to be in charge.  The other men are all well
dressed and as you look around you see me sitting in a corner.
You are accutely aware that your only garment is the flimsy
hospital gown.  Your palms feels moist as you watch the four men
looking at you.  You notice also in this brief moment, that you
are moist elsewhere too.  The doctor points to a side door and
tells you to enter.  You do so, and find another examining room
much like the one you undressed in.  The doctor follows you in
and starts with a standard examination of your heart, lungs etc.
Then he tells you to remove your gown.  He takes it from you and
hangs it on a hook on the door.  He has you sit on the edge of
the examining table and touches your breasts.  His hands are dry
and cool as they touch your warm body.  He squeezes each breast
carefully and then squeezes the nipples.  "I want you to tell me
which gives you more pleasure, pulling on your nipples gently
like this or pulling on them very hard like this."  "Very hard",
you say.  The doctor lets go of your nipples and without saying
anything else leaves the room.  Your nipples are tingling.  A
moment later the nurse returns. "Lie down on the table.", she
says.  You lie back against the cold paper of the table.  The
nurse opens one of the drawers and pulls out several leather
straps.  Your heart jumps.  The nurse fastens one strap to each
wrist.  The leather straps are sturdy with felt lining and a
metal clip on the outside.  The nurse continues, attaching
leather straps to your ankles and to your thighs just above the
knee.  "Slide down to the end of the table.", she says.  You know
now exactly what position you will be put in.  The nurse places
your feet in the metal stirrups and adjusts them for maximum
exposure.  She then fastens your knees so they are held wide
apart.  Your ankle straps are attached to the stirrups so there
is no possibility of your getting up before you are released.
Moving to the head of the table, she takes your hands and
attaches them to a clip there.  You are now exposed totally.  The
nurse then lowers the section of the table that is between your
legs.  You feel her gaze on your pussy and you are embarrassed to
feel how wet you now are.  The nurse reaches down and you feel
her grasp the sensitive lips of your pussy with her long
fingernails.  She pulls them gently but firmly apart to uncover
your last defense.  She sees how wet you are and smiles, "You'll
enjoy this, I think".  She then goes to the door of the doctor's
office and says, "She's ready for you now doctor."  The doctor
enters after a moment and looks down at your naked body.  You are
so hot, you can't help your hips moving a little bit.  The doctor
moves to a drawer and takes out two strange looking devices that
look like large paper clips.  "My job is to prepare you.", says
the doctor.  He takes the two clips and attaches one to each
nipple already hard with excitement.  They pinch the nipples
feeling almost exactly like the pinching of your nipples by the
doctor a several minutes before.  He then sits down between your
legs.  He pulls gently at your pubic hair and says, "This will
have to go, but not this time."  You hear him putting on his
gloves and then a moment later you feel his fingers at the lips
of your pussy.  The touch is electric.  You let out a little moan
and your hips jump at the touch.  The doctor then slides two
fingers deep into your pussy while the thumb of his other hand
touches your clitoris.  He keeps moving those fingers back and
forth and every time you feel about to come he stops.  After
several minutes of this, he pulls away.  You are aware of the
heat from each nipple still entrapped in the clips.  Now a well
lubricated finger slides slowly into your bottom.  He moves it in
and out.  You can't help gasping when he goes particularly deep.
After another couple of moments he stands up.  He looks at you
and smiles, "I think an enema is in order here."  You feel a
blush hit your face.  You have never had an enema but what you
know of them doesn't seem pleasant.  The doctor removes the
nipple clips and leaves the room.  You feel your own juices
seeping down your botttom.  After a couple of minutes, the door
opens again and a boy perhaps 17 or 18 years old walks in wearing
a white lab coat.  He looks at you and immediately blushes, "I'm
here to give you your treatment.", he mumbles and moves to the
end of the table.  You watch him fill a large red rubber bag with
water and place it on the hook of a stand.  You are mortified to
think that this young boy is looking at your naked body stretched
out on the table and that there is nothing you can do about it.
You turn your head away from him.  A moment later you feel the
thin finger of the boy lubricating your bottom again.  He
continues for a while and then stops.  You feel the end of the
rather thick enema nozzle pushing into your ass.  The nozzle is
pushed into you until a good seven inches is lodged in your
behind.  You see the boy reach up to the knob and then you feel
the warm water slowly entering your bowels.  This continues until
you have had the full quart of water and your stomach has slowly
expanded to allow it.  During these few minutes, the boy has not
been idle.  He has continued to move the nozzle slowly in and
out, twisting it back and forth.  The nerves in your bottom are
tingling.  Finally the container is empty.  As the nozzle is
removed a plug about 3 inches long and 1 inch thick is pushed
into place.  "This will keep it in.", says the boy as he leaves
the room.  You stomach is tight with the pressure of the water.
Fortunately you don't have to wait long before the nurse and
doctor return.  They remove your restrainst and with one of them
on either side of you, you are led, totally naked, out of the
room to the washroom down the hallway.  With great relief you
feel the plug removed and the water expelled.   After cleaning
up, the nurse attaches your wrists behind your back and leads you
back into the doctor's office.  The men are still there and they
eye you apreciatively as you are brought to the side of the room.
A rope dangles from a hook in the ceiling and the nurse quickly
attaches your hands to it.  You are now standing facing the four
men.  As the doctor dscribes the events of the past half-hour,
you feel your face blush and you feel the eyes of the men
examining you piece by piece.  When the doctor is finished
describing your 'preparation', the men begin to comment on your
body, "The breasts are firm.", says one, "What was the
sensitivity of the nipples?".  The doctor says, "They responded
well to hard pinching and she started to get wet as soon as the
clamps were attached."  Another asks how tight your ass was.
"Wonderful", says the doctor, "I think she might like it better
there than in her pussy." "Her pubic hair should be shaved.",
says the third man. "Yes,", says the doctor, "but we agreed that
we wouldn't do that on the first session."  The doctor comes over
to you and turns you around so you are facing the wall.  The men
comment on the shape and firmness of your bottom.  Your ankles
are now fastened to hooks in the floor so they are about two and
a-half feet apart.  Your nipples just touch the wall in front of
you.  It feels strange to feel the cool wall touching them.  You
feel the lips of your pussy being held apart as a small dildo is
inserted there.  As soon as it has been inserted to its fullest,
someone turns it on and it begins to vibrate.  You are unable to
contain a moan as you body starts to squirm.  As you turn your
head to the side, you see one of the men holding a wide leather
strap.  It looks like a two inch brown belt without a buckle.
Without further ado, he swings it down on our bottom.  You feel a
hot sharp pain and then another as he strikes again.  He gives
you six more and your bottom is feeling very warm.  You are not
in pain, but the heat of the spanking is travelling right through
your body.  The vibrator is removed and you are taken down from
the wall and placed bent over the desk.  Your hands are attached
to the sides and your ankles are spread wide apart.  The doctor
moves around to in front of you and unzips himself.  You see his
hard dick aproaching your mouth and you eagerly open your mouth
to accept it.  Meanwhile, a large cock is slowly pushing itself
into your hot, wet pussy.  As both men begin to fuck you
simultaneously, you surrender yourself totally to the sensations.
It is not long before the man at your pussy comes and is replaced
by the next.  The doctor withdraws from your mouth and comes.
You stick out your tongue to catch a few drops.  The man behind
you has begun lubricating your bottom and you are sure you know
why.  While everyone watches, one of the men slowly sticks his
cock into your ass and begins pumping with full strokes.  You
moan uncontrollably and a minute later you feel his come shooting
into you.  This final sensation is too much for your over-
extended nerves and you finally come and continue your orgasm for
a couple of minutes.  When you are done, the men remove your
bonds.  They have you stand, facing them once more.  One of them
stands up.  He looks directly at you and says, "These are the
rules by which you will abide from now on: First, you are no
longer permitted to wear a bra or panties at any time.  Second,
your clothes must be such that access to your body is always
permitted.  Third, you will obey the instructions of anyone in
this group. Forth, you will visit here at least once per month to
continue your training.  Do you agree to all of these
conditions?"  You can't believe it is your voice that you hear
saying "Yes, sir."  I stand up and say "Follow me."  and then
walk out of the room.  You follow quietly.  We walk down the
hallway and through the empty waiting room.  I open the door and
you follow me, naked, into the corridor.  All the way back to the
office where you clothes are you are amazed that you make no
attempt to cover yourself.  When we enter the examining room
where it all started, I say, "Get up on the table."  You do so
and without my asking, put your feet in the stirrups and stretch
your hands above your head.  I look at you for a long moment and
then I say, "You were very hot tonight."  Dropping my pants, I
enter you slowly and together we come to another mind-blowing
orgasm.
