                              My Daughter Kim

                                A story by

                                    Orni

My Daughter When I gave birth to my daughter I became very ill. So ill in
fact that I didn't get out of hospital for several years. My daughter was
taken from me from the beginning and I only ever saw photo's of her.

She was fifteen when I was released from the mental hospital, you see, the
pain of giving birth had made me close my mind to the outside world and the
doctors decided after many weeks, that I would be better off in a mental
institution.

My first objective after leaving hospital was to find my daughter. The last
contact I had from my husband, should I say ex-husband, he divorced me
after two years, was when my daughter was seven. I had carried the last
photo around with me for eight years now and it was getting a bit
dog-eared.

Where should I start looking. I had no friends, even my parents had not
visited me very often, although mom had signed the release papers , saying
she would look after me at their house. When I arrived I was greeted very
poorly and the atmosphere was heavy to say the least.

My first day at moms was abysmal. I moped about the house constantly
badgering her for the whereabouts of my daughter Kim. She was just as
adamant in evading my questions as I was of asking her.
That night I must have really got on her nerves because she shouted at me
and we had a stinking row. She told me to get out and to go back to the
"nuthouse" as she put it, where I belonged.
Of course I was extremely upset, hadn't I suffered enough. It wasn't my
fault that I had broken down at the birth of my child.
When she had calmed down and I had stopped crying, we actually began to
talk.
As we spoke she put her arm round me and apologized for her behavior and
asked me how I survived in the hospital. It was then that I again broke
down and cried and told her about my time in the hospital.

I had been raped on numerous occasions by doctors and patients alike and
even had two abortions. Of course none of this got out and my life was
miserable until Dr. Ruth Jones came along. She was very nice to me and I
had eventually fell in love with her. It wasn't long before she was
caressing me and we ended up having a lasting affair. She protected me from
the doctors and patients and the only sex I had from the day I met her, was
with her. I really loved her and would do anything for her.
She introduced me to female love and I really enjoyed it.

While I was relating my story, moms hand was gently stroking my back and I
was beginning to feel loved once more.

I continued with my story. Dr. Ruth had been transferred and I was again on
my own. The constant badgering by the other Dr.'s. trying to get sex from
me, finally wore me down and there was a continual path to my room as Dr.
and patient came in and fucked me. The only thing that kept me going was
the chance of seeing my daughter again.
I began to cry again and mom, cuddling me, said,
"If it was necessary to get your daughter back, would you still fuck men
and women?" I looked up at her.
"Yes"
Her hands were wandering over my breasts now and she pinched my nipple. I
jumped.
"Strip off" she ordered.
Due to my being subjected to this sort of treatment for so long, I
immediately complied.
When I was naked, mom eyed me up and down and soon I felt her fingers begin
to explore my cunt.
"You are a dirty whore. What are you?"
"I'm a dirty whore!"
"Tell me what you want"
"I want your fingers in my cunt. I want you to make me cum all over your
hand. I want to UMMMMF"
Moms fingers were working wonders in my cunt. I had been getting so much
sex for the last three years I realized that I needed it all the time, in
fact I would do anything just to get my cunt filled. I could feel myself
cumming. Moms hand flashed back and forth and her thumb repeatedly flicked
my hard clit.
"Stick your hand up my skirt, you slut!"
I slid my hand up my mothers skirt and found her sopping wet panties. I
knew what was expected of me and pulled them to one side, slipping four
fingers straight into her gaping hole. "That's it Chrissy, fuck your old
mom. I do love you, you know."
With that she kissed me hard and deep, her tongue exploring my open mouth.
It didn't matter that this was my mother, all that mattered was I was being
relieved from my sexual frustration.

It was then when dad walked in.

Mom looked across the room at him. Her eyes were glazed as she indicated to
him to join us. The first I knew of his presence was when I felt his hard
cock pressing against my backside. Mom pushed me into a bending position
and I felt my fathers hard cock enter my wet and willing cunt.

"Oh yes, Oh yess, fuck me, fuck me good and hard, let me feel your cum
spurt into me" I had said this so often whilst in hospital, it just came
naturally even though I knew he was my father.

Dad fucked me long and hard and mom just lifted her skirt, removed her
panties and pushed her very hairy, wet cunt into my face. I automatically
licked it. It was nice. I was getting more turned on knowing that this was
my father and mother that where making love to me. I say making love, it
was more like rape but I wanted this rape, I was enjoying it, just like I
had enjoyed the sex in the hospital, although I didn't know it at the time.

I felt my dad's cock expand and he grunted hard as he released his hot cum
into my receptive hole. Mom also released a stream of cum on my searching
tongue and with the hardest of dads lunges, I came as well.

We all tumbled to the floor in a state of exhaustion and lay there for a
few minutes. "If we had known that you loved sex so much, we would have got
you out sooner. Shall we tell her Sam?" mom said.

"Tell me what?"

"We do know where your daughter is. In fact she is very close to here right
now."

"Tell me, for gods sake tell me!" I exclaimed.

Mom continues, "She is staying with a friend of ours two doors away."

I wanted to rush out and meet her, but in my state of undress, this was not
possible. I struggled to stand up and get dressed but was stopped by my
fathers strong hand.

"I... we need to tell you more before you meet her" my mom said, "She is um
different."

"What do you mean? Tell me, why is she different?"

Mom looked at dad.

Dad looked at me and then the floor and began to mumble.

"I think we should call Elsie and ask her to bring her round" he mumbled.

Mom thought for a minute and then got up and walked to the phone.

I was in a terrible state by now, was she deformed, did she have limbs
missing, was she ugly? All these questions coursed through my mind as I
heard mom talking to Elsie.

She put down the phone and came back over. "She will be over in five
minutes"

I wanted to ask what was wrong with her but I knew they wouldn't let me
know. Five minutes seemed to tale five hours as I sat waiting. We used some
of the time to get tidy and then I just sat there wringing my hands.

The door bell rang and I jumped.

Mom left the room and dad put his arm round me, perhaps to comfort me or
perhaps to stop me getting up, I didn't know.

Then mom came back in the room followed by the most gorgeous young girl I
had ever seen.

Mom spoke. "This is your daughter"

I couldn't believe how beautiful she was. But what did they mean, she was
different?

Elsie followed her in and shut the door.

"Lift your skirt up girl" she barked at my daughter.

Kim obeyed immediately. They hadn't told her who I was so she didn't show
any embarrassment at all.
When her skirt was fully raised above her hips I stared at her. First her
long tapering legs then up to her pantied crotch.
Was that a lump I saw there?
"Show the lady" Elsie barked out.
Kim put her down and pulled her panties to one side.
My eyes nearly popped out. She had a cock! Not small either, it was a good
eight inches long but not very fat.
"So now you know..... Your daughter is a hermaphrodite!"

I watched open mouthed as Elsie caressed the limp penis of my daughter. My
juices were beginning to flow and as I watched the cock expand I gave an
audible gasp. When it was standing at it's full hardness, I noticed he cunt
that was beneath it. Elsie then told her to drop her skirt and they turned
and went out of the room. "How do you feel now?" Mom asked

I didn't know what to say, so sat there with my mouth shut.

"We had to keep Kim away from school and Elsie was good enough to take on
her education. It wasn't until she was twelve that we found out that Elsie
had been taking advantage of her and we had a big row. Soon after that I
found your father was going round Elsie's and when she turned fourteen he
took her virginity. Again a row followed but this time they stopped me
leaving and stripped Kim naked. Elsie took her clothes off and called Kim
to her. Kim began to make love to Elsie and I, like you, was very shocked
when I realized that Kim loved it, that she loved the way she was and when
I watched her slip her cock into Kim's horny snatch, I realized that I
wanted her to fuck me. While Kim fucked Elsie, your father got behind her
and slipped his cock into her cunt and I watched as this incestuous
coupling took place. Of course it had the desired effect on me and I was
soon poking my fingers into my drooling hole. Since then we have had so
much fun together and we are so happy that you enjoy sex as much as you do
we know that we can all have a wonderful time together. Kim has made it
plain that she would like to fuck you, her mother and I think now is the
time."
She called Elsie and Kim back in and they returned to the room, this time
they were both naked. Her cock was hard and throbbing in front of her as
she approached me and as soon as she was near enough we began to kiss.
Her hot slippery tongue slid into my mouth and I automatically began to
suck on it. Mom was stripping and so was dad. I was the only one that was
still partly dressed but that didn't last long as all three of them
proceeded to undress me.
I was pushed on my back and soon after felt my daughters cock slide into my
love chute. I was constantly cumming and when dad got behind Kim and slid
his hard cock into her I had one almighty orgasm.
Soon after I felt my daughter release her load into my sucking cunt and she
pumped more cum in me than I had ever experienced before.
Elsie was between moms legs and was licking her clit and mom was also
cumming.
Dad couldn't hold on any longer and shot into his granddaughter with the
force of a fourteen year old.
Elsie was the only one that hadn't cum and as we lay in relaxed ecstasy she
fucked herself with her fingers.

After we had all rested, Mom suggested that Kim move back in with them and
she could sleep in my room with me.

I regretted not having seen my child grow up but she had given me the
greatest gift of all. I was pregnant with my daughters child.

