Archive-name: Bestial/mds-1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Mom's Donkey Show


Chapter One - The Tent in Tijuana

	Connie was sobering up fast despite all the tequila she'd 
guzzled this evening. She sensed danger in the tent, felt the animal 
tension. She realized she was the only woman in here and all eyes were 
on her. She dug her fingernails into Matt's arm.
	"Matt, take me out of here," she said under her breath, her 
words sluggish from the tequila.
	"Don't be silly," Matt said, nowhere near as drunk as Connie 
although he'd put down a lot more liquor. "The shows about start. Every 
vet oughta see something like this."
	A hand started rubbing Connie's ass and she spun around. "Hands 
off, buster!"
	The young Mexican showed his teeth in a dirty leer and tipped a 
green bottle to his lips. His companions, a half dozen shirt-less 
Mexican youths, laughed at her. She turned away from them, searching the 
crowd for Billy, desperate to grab him and drag him out of here with 
her. To hell with Matt! He could stay if he wanted to be stubborn. She 
and Billy would find there way back to the hotel alone, even if they had 
to run all the way.
	Connie scanned the crowd frantically, the haze of the cigar 
smoke stinging her eyes and making her cough. Where had the little devil 
run off to? She spotted him at last, his blond head shining among all 
the dark heads. He was standing right at the front, at the edge of the 
circle formed by the crowd. He'd stripped of his shirt and looked lily-
white compared to all the dark skin around him, and suddenly Connie 
feared for her son as much as for herself. She tried forcing her way 
through the crowd.
	Matt grabbed her. "For godsake! Where are you going?"
	"I'm getting out of here. I'm gonna get Billy, and we're getting 
out of here. Let me go!"
	Matt had her by the waist and pulled her against him. She wasn't 
sure, but she thought she felt something very hard against her ass for a 
moment. Matt turned her toward him. The Mexican youths were laughing.
	"Calm down," Matt said. "It's too late to leave. The shows gonna 
start any second."
	"Matt, I said I'm..."
	A cheer went up from the crowd, stunning Connie back into 
silence. Matt turned her back toward the clearing at the center of the 
tent. A fat Mexican, smoking a cigar, his shirt open and his belly 
bulging out, led a huge mongrel stud into the ring. The dog looked like 
a cross between a Great Dane, a German shepherd, and a Doberman. The dog 
growled, glaring at the crowd, and the Mexican cuffed it alongside the 
head.
	Connie was entranced. What were they going to do with the dog? 
When Matt had suggested at the nightclub that there was a unique animal 
act in Tijuana that a vetinarian like herself simply had to see, Connie 
had bee so giddy on tequila that she'd gone along gladly. Little had she 
known that Matt was going to drag her and Billy through dark streets and 
back alleys, to a dilapidated tent that smelled like a combination barn 
and outdoor toilet. The tent was crammed with sweaty males, many of them 
very drunk. They looked at her as if she was a new zoo specimen and she 
begin sobering up immediately.
	The cheering soared, punctuated with whistles and catcalls, most 
of them in Spanish. Connie couldn't believe her eyes. Making it's way 
into the ring now was a donkey, being led by another fat Mexican. 
Astride the donkey's back sat a completely naked young girl, her tits 
well-developed for her age, her shiny black hair trailing all the way to 
her ass. As she rode through the crowd, smiling shyly, sweaty hands 
reached out for her, stoking her legs and feet, pinching her ass. A man 
broke from the crowd and shoved his head between her legs, biting at the 
black fur of her pussy-mound. An attendant beat him away with a riding 
crop, and the crowds cheering crescendoed.
	Connie stood there with her mouth open, frozen where she stood. 
She'd never witnessed anything so obscene in her life. Suddenly she 
remembered Billy and she panicked. She had to get him out of here. There 
was no telling what would happen next, no telling what kind of filthy 
show Matt had dragged them to. This was no thing for a young boy to see. 
She tried, but couldn't move.
	The girl unsteadily rose to her feet on the back of the donkey, 
her tits jiggling slightly, her black little cunt brush glimmering in 
the light of the bare overhead light bulbs. Her toes curled against the 
donkey's back as she balanced. She squatted slightly, at the same time 
pulling apart her pussy lips with her fingers. Her pink cuntmeat 
gleamed, dripping with juice as she flashed it at the watching crowd of 
men. The men cheered.
	Connie was stunned, completely fascinated. She gazed at the 
scene, her heart hammering. She couldn't believe what she was seeing.
	The young dark-skinned girl turned, showing her spread cunt to 
all the men in the crowd. As she displayed herself, juice begin to 
trickle from her cunt and leak down the insides of her thighs. She bent 
forward then and tugged apart her smooth little ass cheeks, showing the 
men her moist, pink, twitching asshole.
	The youth that had felt Connie's ass stepped up alongside 
Connie, gazing at the girls ass and muttering in Spanish, the muscles of 
his naked shoulder rip- pled as his arm moved. Connie glanced down, her 
heart momentarily lodging in her throat. What she saw now was even more 
unbelievable than the naked girl on the donkey. The boy had his cock out 
and was slowly fisting it, working the foreskin off and on his shiny 
purple knob. Fucklube bubbled from his huge hard -on, running over his 
knuckles, dripping to the dirt floor of the tent. Connie started to 
shake. She felt a tightening in her crotch, in her loins. She looked 
away quickly, back towards the center of the tent.
	The lithe young girl slid off the donkey. She was a dark, slim 
young girl with flawless skin, shiny raisin eyes, and upturned nipples 
at the end of her large yet firm tits. The mongrel stud started to 
struggle as the girl approached it. She let the huge dog, which stood on 
all fours nearly as tall as the girl herself, sniff at her pussy, then 
at her ass. The dog's cock flexed, then jutted out of it's hairy sheath 
like a long red snake. The hot dog prick, with it's pointed head, jerked 
and wiggled as she rubbed some of her cunt-juice on the dog's wet snout. 
The dog struggled so hard to break loose that two men had to restrain 
it. The girl slid under the dog and began to nuzzle his hot prick.
	Connie watched in speechless shock, her head buzzing. It was if 
she was surrounded by animals. She chewed her lips, aghast, as the young 
girl begin to lick the hound's hard prick.
	Now it took three Mexicans to hold the dog. He put his snout 
into the air and howled as the girl swallowed his dog cock to the sheath 
and begun to munch on it. As she bobbed her head, her tight lips sliding 
up and down on the dog's cock, her black hair swept the ground behind 
her ass. She gripped the dog's balls in her hand, squeezing them, 
massaging them. Her other hand moved up between the dogs legs and her 
middle finger wiggled under the dogs quivering, uplifted tail, the tip 
of it probing the dog's asshole. She twisted her small hand and deftly 
screwed her finger up the hound's asshole to the hilt. Suddenly she 
began choking. The dog's cock slipped out of her mouth, shooting dog 
jism all over her face. She pumped her finger in the dog's asshole, 
squeezed at his nuts, and lapped at his flexing, spurting prick. The 
hound howled, humping frantically, squirting his cum all over the girls 
cheeks, onto her tits, into her open mouth. She sucked up his cock again 
and sucked it until the dog quit humping. Then she spit his cock out, 
swallowing his cum.
	She slid out from under him and stood, smiling at the crowd as 
she wiped the dog-cum off her face with her hands, then licked her hands 
clean. What she didn't clean off, she rubbed into her skin like it was 
hand lotion.
	Connie felt a hand on her lower back and she was about to twist 
away when she realized it was Matt's hand. She pressed her back against 
his hand, glad for the support. Her legs were shaking so that she feared 
they would fold under her. Matt's thick fingers slid a few inches down 
into her jeans and the contact was comforting.
	The Mexican girl crawled under the donkey now, dropping to her 
knees, reaching out to gather up the beast's dangling cock. As she 
massaged the naked donkey cock from one end to the other, it swelled and 
stiffened. The donkey began to snort as the girl rubbed herself all over 
his armlike cock, stoking it with her belly and tits, hugging it, 
kissing it, licking it as if it were a giant candy cane. Fucklube ran 
like thick syrup from the donkeys prong, trickling down the girls brown 
stomach. She sat on her heels, her black hair brushing her beautiful 
round ass cheeks as she steered the donkey's dripping cockhead to her 
mouth. As she licked the beast's throbbing cock knob, he brayed. She 
shoved her tongue into the large open pisshole, fucking it. Men helped 
steady the donkey as the girl blew him. THe beast stirred restlessly, 
dancing on all four hooves. The girl ran her nimble fingers all over his 
cock as if she were playing a gigantic flute. She opened her mouth wide, 
allowing the entire head of the donkeys cock to fill it. Then she 
sucked, reaching her right arm out long, tickling his balls, which she 
could hardly reach, even with her fingertips. The donkey's flanks 
quivered. The men began shouting, holding him as he tried to rear up.
	Connie knew this must be a dream. How could anything so 
perverted happen in real life? She realized that Matt's fingers had slid 
down farther, that he'd pushed them under her panties and was feeling 
her naked ass. His fingers slid up and down between her ass cheeks, 
greased by the moisture there. She would have resisted him, but she was 
too stunned and too weak to fight. Besides, Matt's hand steadying her 
was all that was keeping her from falling over.
	The donkey brayed wildly, trying to hump as the young girl 
sucked him off. The girls hands became a blur around his cock. Suddenly 
her cheeks ballooned and she was choking. The donkey danced, humping and 
braying, as he fucked his hot cum down the girls throat. Cum poured from 
the girls mouth, running down her brown skin like grey slime. She 
managed at last to uncork the throbbing cock knob from her mouth and 
gasped for breath as the huge fucker flexed in her hands, spurting thick 
strands of grayish-white cum all over her. It was like a thick hose 
spurting a milky glue. The girl grinned, letting the braying beast 
squirt all over her face, and tits, and belly. Gobs of donkey jism hung 
from her stiff nipples like frosting. When the donkey had stopped 
shooting, she milked his cock, sucking on the end of his knob and 
slurping down the thick cum as it bubbled out. Then she cleaned herself, 
licking off her fingers and smiling at the crowd of grunting men.
	Connie felt drugged now, completely helpless. Her mind wouldn't 
function except in slow motion. The grunting of the men around her, most 
of whom were beating their cocks raw, filled her head, along with the 
smell of hot, steaming cock. Matt was unsnapping her jeans so he could 
shove his other hand down into her panties. His hot fingers rubbed and 
pinched her swollen cunt and she found herself panting, moaning, getting 
dizzier and hotter by the moment.
	The young Mexican girl bent over, bracing herself on her hands 
and knees, showing the hound her ass. The men released the dog and it 
lunged at her, shoving it's snout between her legs, sniffing her crotch 
madly, licking and snuffling her dripping pussy. His snout twisted 
between her ass cheeks, it's wet, black nostils rubbing her asspucker. 
His pink tongue lapped up and down her asscrack and she wiggled her 
naked ass, gibbering in Spanish. The dog rose up on it's hind legs, 
gripping her waist with his huge paws as he mounted her. His long red 
prick knifed at her open pussy, finding the cunt hole in seconds. As his 
long cock sank into the girls body, she shivered all over.
	At that moment, Matt wiggled a thick finger up into Connie's 
cunt and she shivered all over too, the hot fuck juices running out of 
her and into Matt's hand. She moaned out loud and heard Matt grunt.
	The mongrel hound sank his claws into the girls brown skin. His 
tongue flapped as he panted, his dog-spit dribbling on the girl's back. 
He humped so fast that Connie could hardly see his prick. Only 
occasionally, when he pulled it nearly out of the girl, did Connie catch 
glimpses of the shiny, red prick. As it plunged in and out and steadily 
grew in length and width.
	The young girl wiggled her ass, fucking her cunt on the dog's 
pistoning cock, churning her hot little ass against his hairy loins. As 
she fucked, the cunt cream ran out of her, sliding down her legs like a 
thick, clear glue. The hounds cock had grown larger, it was over eight 
inches long now and the knob at the base of his cock had begun 
expanding, he shoved it to the hilt, knob and all and the girls eyes 
glazed. She tossed her head from side to side, muttering in Spanish. Her 
brown toes curled, digging into the dirt.
	The crowd seemed to pulsate, grunts and groans and swearing 
poured from the men as they swayed dizzily on their feet, beating their 
lube-running cocks. Their eyes raped the young girl as they watched her 
squirm under the humping hound. "Fuck her, give it to her, screw the 
shit out of her!" came the voices of the English speaking men. And words 
uttered in the same lustful tones came in Spanish from the mouths of the 
Mexicans. The hound responded by growling, clawing, and ramming harder 
and faster, his furry loins hammering her soft ass.
	Matt's finger pistoned in Connie's cunt, and Connie saw stars, 
her hard clit squirming, the walls of her cunt hole quivering and 
sucking. It had been so long since anything but her own fingers had been 
up her cunt that she'd forgot- ten how good it felt. She crossed her 
legs and squeezed them together, going out of her mind with the hot 
itchy feelings.
	The hound started howling, his head thrown back, his snout up 
high. His flanks quivered and his tail began an up and down twitch. He 
dropped his head down and grasped her neck in his jaws. He growled, his 
dangling tongue slobbering spit all over the girls brown neck. His loins 
jerked powerfully and the girls body jerked as if electricity were being 
shot up her cunt.
	"Mmnnnnn!" she moaned, her head snapping back, her eyes rolling. 
"Unhm uhhhhh!" Her body shuddered, her toes clawing at the ground.
	Two men stepped forward and forcibly removed the dog from the 
girl. As his prick popped out, he howled loudly and his jism squirted 
out all over the girls brown ass and back. The spasming girl cried out 
in pain and shoved her hand between her legs, clawing at her cunt as the 
dog continued to spurt all over her ass. The dog's cock had grown to be 
over nine inches long and the knot at the base of his cock was bigger 
then a man's fist. He howled and humped and tried to remount her but the 
men held him back.
	Connies eyes rolled back. She shook all over. She swayed dizzily 
and fell against Matt as the spasms exploded in her own cunt. She clung 
to Matt, grunting and humping, her fuck juices gushing into his hand as 
he finger-fucked her to maddening ecstasy. As she writhed, completely 
helpless, her hand was taken and wrapped around a hot slippery rod of 
cock-meat. Thrills shot up and down her arm as she massaged the 
throbbing slab of cockmeat. After only a few strokes, the cock exploded, 
spurting hot cockcream into her hand. She rubbed the jism on the 
pulsating cockhead and heard a moan of pained pleasure, When she 
eventually opened her eyes, starting to recover, she found the Mexican 
youth leering at her, her hand full of his cock and cum.
	A cheer went up and Connie jerked her head, looking toward the 
center of the ring. She straightened herself, pushing away from Matt and 
pulling her cum-dripping hand off the Mexican youth's cock. At first she 
stared in shock, then she started to scream. Matt clapped his hand over 
her mouth, holding her from behind and telling her to calm down. She 
chewed his fingers, her chest heaving. That was her son up there! That 
was Billy!
	Billy appeared to have lost his mind. He'd stumbled to the 
middle of the circle, his jeans around his ankles, his white young body 
looking more naked then naked, his cock jutting from his loins like a 
club. As the men were dragging the hound away, Billy took the dog's 
place, gripping the young girl at the waist just as the dog had done, 
sliding his adolescent prick into her cunt and fucking her frantically.
	The crowd screamed as if cheering on a matador. One of the 
Mexican attendants moved toward Billy. Connie screamed into Matt's palm 
as the riding crop licked across Billy's white back, leaving a thin red 
welt. Billy winced but continued to hump, fucking his big teenaged cock 
in the young girl's jism-greased pussyhole. His skinny ass dimpled with 
each fuck-thrust. His fingers sank deeper into the girls skin and his 
tongue hung out, dripping. The Mexican switched him again with the crop, 
then again. Billy chewed his lips, trying to ignore the whip. The 
muscles of his skinny body rippled as he fucked the girls beautiful 
brown body. His back, beaded with sweat, was criss-crossed with welts 
and he was trembling all over. As the crop stung his skin again, he 
hunched over the girl and chewed on her shoulder. His ass jerked and he 
moaned loudly, his half-changed voice cracking and going to low-pitched 
to high-pitched. 
	The Mexican threw down his whip, grabbed Billy's blond hair and 
yanked. Billy's head snapped back, his back arching, his spasming cock 
popping out of the girl's pussyhole. The Mexican held him, gasping, as 
the crowd cheered and Billy's jism spurted onto the girls ass. His young 
prick flexed just as wildly as the dogprick had, spurting just as far. 
His jism was whiter though, glistening on the girls brown skin. When 
Billy had finished spurting, the fat Mexican placed his boot squarely on 
Bill's ass and launched him back into the crowd, which cheered and 
laughed, welcoming him back.
	Connie whimpered, shaking all over, her mouth clamped shut by 
Matt's fingers. Suddenly Matt's hard, naked cock was sliding against her 
ass. He'd forced her jeans down enough to bare her ass and now was 
humping against it. He pushed his cock down farther, slipping it between 
her legs, fucking her between her thighs. As his long prickshaft slid 
along her greased crotch, she weakened in his arms, dizzy, helpless. He 
unclamped his hand from her mouth and she moaned softly, delirious with 
desire. She hadn't felt a hard cock between her legs in months, so many 
months, not since she had divorced Sam.
	In the ring, four Mexicans had hold of the naked girl, two 
puffing on cigars as they lifted her. The four men, two on each side of 
the donkey, held the girl by the torso and legs as they lifted her 
against the underside of the beast. The girl reached up, her small brown 
fingers clutching at the donkey's ribs as she pulled her tits up against 
his furry abdomen. The men holding her legs forced them wide apart and 
the girl pointed her toes like a gymnast. A fifth man, squatting between 
the donkey's hind legs, lifted the beast's baseball-bat cock, wiping the 
dripping tip of it against the girls jism-dripping pussy.
	Connie squirmed in Matt's arms as he slipped his hard hot prick 
back and forth between her thighs. She couldn't take her eyes off the 
scene in the ring. The donkey's cock was as long and thick as one of the 
girl's arms. The girl squirmed, rubbing her cunt against the animals 
prick. Her brown toes wiggled excitedly. Connie realized that the jism 
leaking from the girls pussy-hole was the combined jism of the mongrel 
stud and her own son. This was unreal!
	The donkey's flanks quivered. He brayed loudly as he thrusted. 
The girl whined as the huge cock stuffed her pussy. The crowd cheered. 
The donkey humped, ramming at least eight more inches of his cock into 
the girls squirming teenaged pussy. The girls face contorted, her eyes 
rolling madly. The men spread her legs even farther as the donkey 
plunged a third of his gigantic prick in and out of her cunt.
	"Yeahhh!" Matt growled. "Fuck her! Ream her out!, yeahhh!" He 
was humping hard at Connies ass, sliding his hard prick between her 
clenched thighs.
	Connie couldn't stop trembling. She was sickened by the whole 
scene, sickened by Matt too, but she was staring straight ahead, 
watching every thrust of the braying donkey, watching the young girl 
writhe as she was fucked on the donkey's cock. Matt chewed on the back 
of Connie's neck and she shivered with goose bumps. As his cock filled 
her cuntslit, her throbbing pussy drooled hot fuckslime all over it.
	The young Mexican girl clawed at the donkey's flanks, her lithe 
young body writhing like an eel, her toes clutching repeatedly at the 
balls of her feet. As the huge donkey prick reamed out her cunt, she 
shrieked, gibbering in Spanish her eyes rolling back in her skull. The 
crowd went crazy. The scent of jism rose in the air as more and more men 
shot their loads. One of the men holding the girl's legs hauled out his 
prick and pounded it fiercely, popping his foreskin back and forth over 
the head. He shot off in seconds, spurting his white cum into the dirt. 
The donkey hee-hawed as if he had lost his mind, apparently incensed not 
only with his fucking but by the mania of the crowd. The beast twisted 
his head, shook it, braying incessantly as he humped, ramming his huge 
cockpole up the pussy of the shrieking young girl. In and out, in and 
out, in and out.
	Matt crushed Connie in his arms, his fuck-thrusts matching those 
of the donkey, his big cock burning between her thighs. Connie's cunt 
sizzled as Matt's prick rubbed against it. Her clit protruded from 
between her pussy lips clasped mercilessly by Matt's sliding cock. 
Connie's pussy tightened, the fuck-itch driving her crazy. She rubbed 
her bare ass madly against Matt's loins.
	"Eeeeeeeeeh!" the Mexican girl wailed, her body convulsing, 
shuddering as if she were being electrocuted. "Eeeeeeeeeh!" Her toes 
clawed at the balls of her feet, her fingers raked the ribcage of the 
donkey. "Aiehhhh!"
	Humping out of control, the donkey reared up, breaking free of 
the men restraining him. He balanced on his hind legs, ramming his cock 
in and out of the girl's spasming cunt. His flanks shuddered violently, 
as he brayed madly, his brown eyes rolling. His tail began to twitch as 
his come spurted into the girl. As his cum exploded in her, she jerked, 
grunting, gasping. Before he had pumped half his load into her his jism 
was running out of her ravaged cunt.
	"I'm coming!" Matt gasped into Connie's ear. "Catch it, oh 
Christ!" His cock swelled between her legs, contracted, pumping cum. He 
moaned, biting at Connies neck.
	Connie was delirious. She cupped her hands in front of Matt's 
cockhead and caught his hot thick cum as it spurted out. As the hot 
fluid gushed into her hands and Matt's prick flexed between her thighs, 
Connie's cunt went into spasms. She shuddered in Matt's arms, lettin the 
hot feelings overwhelm her. She was still spasming when Matt stopped 
shooting, and she raised her shaking hands to her mouth, sucking and 
slurping his cum out of them. It was only after she'd recovered her 
senses that she realized that she had swallowed not only Matt's cum, but 
that of the filthy Mexican youth as well.
	"Let's go," Matt said. "Zip up quick and lets get out of here."
	"Billy," she said. "Where is Billy?"
	"We'll find him." Matt said. "But let's move it!"
	They were both suddenly very sober, neither lust nor tequila 
clouding their judgement anymore. They found Billy and left in a hurry.
	Vetinarian's notes:
	Dogs: The larger breeds of dogs, (such as the Great Dane, St. 
Bernard, etc.) have penis's that are from 9-12 inches in length when 
fully erect. In addition, all dogs have a bulge, or knot, at the base of 
it. This can grow to be larger then a mans fist. A dog will ejaculate 
approximately 24 cc's of semen, about six times as much as a man.
	Horse/Donkeys: These equine species have a penis approximately 2 
feet long and about 2 1/2 inches wide at the tip, to about 3 1/2 - 4 
inches at the base. They ejaculate about 200 - 250 cc's (about 1 cup), 
or about 50 times that of a man. 

--
