Archive-name: Bestial/mds-2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Mom's Donkey Show


Connie lounged in her hotel room, staring blankly at Johnny Carson
on the TV. She wore her bathrobe, with nothing underneath it, and her
bare feet were propped up on a footstool. This was so weird, being in
Mexico and watching Johnny Carson. It was some San Diego channel, she
believed. She heard Johnny's voice, saw his picture, but her thoughts
were elsewhere. She sipped ice water, trying to calm her nerves.
She didn't dare drink anymore alcohol tonight.

They'd made it back to the hotel alive, having luckily found a tax;
after wandering down only a few dark alleys after they'd fled the
sex-show tent.  Billy hadn't said a word all the way back. He'd stared
out the window, his face permanently flushed. He smelled of sweat, cum,
and the Mexican's girl's pussy. Matt had tried to make silly conversation,
but Connie had also remained silent, her embarrassment as great as her
son's, if not moreso.

Matt had wanted to come into Connie's room for a nightcap, or for her
to come to his room, but she'd politely declined. Now the three of them
were in their own separate rooms, Matt's down the hall, hers and Billy's
linked by a common bathroom.

Things were turning out quite different from what Connie had expected.
She'd come on this trip because she hadn't trusted Matt to come here alone
with Billy. Matt was one of her wealthy clients, the owner of some prize
animals. She'd been treating his high-priced dogs and horses for years.
He lived on a ranch outside town, a bachelor, alone with his animals,
which was strange because Matt was such a handsome hunk of a man.

Lately, especially since Connie had divorced Sam, Matt had been chumming
around a lot with Billy-too much to suit Connie. She had her suspicions,
Matt being a bachelor and spending so much time with a boy young enough
to be his son. And so when Matt had proposed the trip to Mexico-a flight
to Tijuana for the weekend-Connie had insisted she go along.

How wrong she'd been! Matt wouldn't keep his hands off her! it was
obvious now that he'd been spending so much time with Billy so he could
get closer to her. She realized now that she'd snubbed his every attempt
to make a date with her these last several months. The divorce had been
too upsetting. She'd shunned all men since the divorce, despite her
increasing sexual frustration. She had good reason to distrust men-after
discovering Sam's deceit and faithlessness.

She'd married Sam while still in college, even before veterinary school.
Billy came along within a year after the wedding, after Sam insisted on
fucking her a minimum of twice a day. She should have realized even back
then that Sam's fuck-lust would lead him to other females eventually.

Connie didn't know if Sam had been fucking around behind her back during
the entire fifteen years of their marriage. If he had he'd done a damn
good job of keeping it secret. All she knew was that she did catch him
at it once, and once was enough. She'd divorced him without giving him
a second chance and she'd never forgotten the shock of discovering her
husband fucking another woman.

It was a sunny summer afternoon, and Connie had come home from work two
hours earlier than usual, something she seldom managed to do. On the way
home she'd waved at Billy, on his way to swimming practice on his bike.
Matt's car was in the driveway, and Connie had pulled in next to it,
quietly closing her own car door so she could surprise him. Little did
she know the surprise she herself was in for.

Stepping in the front door, Connie almost tripped over a newspaper sack
half-filled with papers. Now what was that doing here? She pictured
Trixie Smith, their cute little papergirl with the pigtails who always
wore a baseball cap and went barefoot, a regular little tomboy, about
a year younger than Billy.

Connie searched the downstairs, but she could find neither Sam nor
anybody else. She was about to call out, starting to feel a touch of
uneasiness, when she heard a squealing giggle come from upstairs.

The door of her bedroom was open and noises came from the room. Connie
stood in the dimly lit hallway and peered in, stunned speechless and
immobile by the action taking place on her very own bed.

Trixie Smith, completely naked, lay sprawled on the pink bedspread, her
lips stretched around Sam's erect cock. Sam had straddled the girl's
neck and was rubbing his ass against her erect nipples. He hadn't a
stitch on either. Clothes were strewn all around the room. The afternoon
sunlight blazed in the window, washing over the bed. A strong breeze
blew in the window and across the room, bringing the aroma of teenaged
cunt to Connie's nostrils.

Connie couldn't move, couldn't scream, couldn't do anything but watch.

"Like it, baby?" Sam asked as he wiggled his big cock in the young girl's
mouth, working it between her thinly stretched lips.

"Mmn," she cooed, munching, sucking, her dark eyes gazing up at Sam
as if she were madly in love. As she sucked Sam's cock, she wiggled a
finger up into her leaking cunt.

Sam pulled his prick out. He was panting, is skin flushed. The girl
licked his cock as if it ere a gigantic candycane. He lifted up and let
her lick his balls, then his crotch. He settled his ass over her face
and she sucked on his asshole, moaning, pumping her finger in and out
of her sucking pink pussy.

"Christ ! " Sam said, his cock throbbing wright against his abdomen and
he slid down until he was on his belly between the papergirl's legs.
"Naughty girl ! "

He pulled her finger out of her cunt. He licked her dripping finger off,
then plunged is face deeply between her thighs, stretching her pussy
wide open with his fingers.

Trixie squirmed all over, gasping, humping. ;Oh, I love that! Oooh,
lick it! Oh, oh!"

Sam growled, slurping, sucking, driving his tongue in and out of the
girl's inflamed pussy. As he sucked her, he humped against the bedspred.

Trixie arched up. Her toes curled and she grabbed Sam's head, crushing it
between her thighs, humping at his face, squirming. She gasped repeatedly,
her eyes turned back to white slits.

"Eeeeh, I'm coming!"

Sam at last pulled away, Trixie's fuckjuices dripping from his lips.
"You dickens, you! That's three times already. How many times are you
gonna come today?"

"A hundred," Trixie said with a sigh.

She kicked her legs up in the air, gripping them behind her knees and
pulling them wide and well back. Her pink cunt pulsated, clear cuntcream
trickling out of it like syrup.

"Shove your big fat cock in me, Sam. Fuck me!"

Sam rose up, his cock looking monstrous, fucklube running out of it
like spit. He crawled over the slim young girl with her nubbin tits and
drove his cock straight up her tight pink cunt.

Trixie's arms and legs wrapped around Sam as he settled down on her.
She was gasping, her little ass jerking up and down as she fucked herself
on Sam's enormous cock.

"Oh Sam, it feels so good! Move it, Sam, move it ! Oh, fuck me ! "

Sam grunted like a bull, his face as red as a beet as he crushed the
little girl under him, grinding his hot prick in and out of her tight,
sucking pussyhole.

"Oh Trixie, oh God Trixie, you're so hot, you're so good!"

Connie stood in the hallway shaking, her throat so dry she could hardly
swallow. How could this be? How could Sam do such a thing? He was
three times the girl's age and twice as heavy. She was the papergirl,
for godsake, with hardly more than fuzz around her pussyhole. And how
could she take Sam cock? Her cunt had appeared hardly capable taking
two fingers.

Trixie clawed Sam's back, kicked at his humping ass, twisted her head
from side to side, her mouth open, her eyes closed.

"Oh Sam, fuck me, fuck me!" she cried.

Sam grunted, fucking almost savagely, his cock making obscene squishing
noises in the little girl's cunt. His hairy balls flapped against her
pink crotch, getting frosted by the pussycream that was frothing out
around his plunging cock.

"Baby, you make me feel so fucking good!"

The young girl was gasping. "Oh Sam, I'm gonna come again!"

Sam plastered his mouth to hers, shoving his tongue down her throat.
He growled, ramming his cock in and out.

Trixie's eyes opened and rolled back deliriously. Her toes curled.
Her little butt wiggled madly, her fuckjuices bubbling out around Sam's
plunging prick. She moaned into Sam's mouth, her pussy clutching with
spasms.

Sam rammed his prick in to the hilt and shook all over. His body jerked
with each explosion of his hot cum into the young girl.

Trixie grunted as Sam fucked his cum into her, clinging to him, squirming
with youthful pleasure. As their orgasms subsided, Trixie opened her
eyes wide.

"Now do it to me the other way," she said.

"What way?"

"You know! The way dogs do it."

"You dickens! How many times am I gonna have to fuck you today before
you're satisfied?" Sam pulled his dripping cock out of her, pushing away.

"At least fifty," Trixie said, scrambling up on her hands and knees,
Sam's cum oozing from her open pink cunt.

"Oh, you hot little bitch!" Sam said, slipping his cock into her
from behind. He rubbed his belly against her upturned, wiggling ass,
his cock buried in her to the hilt.

"Ohhh, Sam, that feels so good!" Trixie cooed.

Connie had seen enough. She regained her strength enough to turn and
slip quietly out of the house. She went straight to her lawyer, who drew
up the divorce papers. In a note to Sam, she advised him not to fight
her, unless he wanted Trixie Smith involved. She obtained the divorce
in two weeks. Sam forfeited, not even bothering to show up in court,
much to Connie's relief. She didn't want to ever see him again. He and
Trixie could fuck their guts out together now, for all she cared.

Connie opened her robe, letting it fall aside. The hotel room felt
uncomfortably warm, stuffy. She crossed her legs, squeezing them
together. Her cunt was throbbing and tight. It always got that way when
she recalled Sam with Trixie. As much as the scene had outraged her,
it had also made her horny. She'd been driven to finger-fucking over
her memory of it more times than she wanted to admit.

Well, now she had more dirty memories to excite her. She'd never forget
what she'd witnessed tonight-the Mexican girl with the dog and the donkey.
She could still smell the lust in that tent, the sex-aromas given off
by all the men, by the animals, by the girl. She could still feel the
Mexican youth's cock spurting into her hand while Matt finger-fucked
her. She could still feel Matt's hard cock flexing between her legs and
spurting more jism into her hands, could still taste the cum she'd licked
off her fingers like frosting. It had been months since she'd tasted cum
or had felt a hot hard cock. She missed blowing Sam! Missed his pinning
her to the bed and fucking her.

She worked her thighs together, rubbing her feet against each other.
The pussyjuice leaked out of her like hot melted butter, making her a
mess between the legs. She rubbed her tits, feeling their swollen weight,
their silky softness and warmth. Her nipples stood up like fingers,
surrounded by her erect and tingling cherry-bumps.

She pinched and tweaked her nipples, the fuck-tingles screwing through
her cunt. She closed her eyes, picturing the scene in the tent. The first
vision that popped into her mind was that of Billy, his cock randy and
waving as he stumbled forward to mount the Mexican girl.

She'd had no idea Billy's cock had grown so large. It was certainly as
large as Sam's, if not larger. Jutting up out of the young boy's slender
loins, it appeared monstrously overgrown.

She shoved her hand between her legs, rubbing her frothing crotch,
slipping her finger between the hairy slabs and sawing at the hot wet
cuntmeat. As she slipped the finger inside herself, she moaned out loud.

She'd had no idea Billy knew how to fuck. Maybe he'd learned from watching
the dog fuck the girl. Who knew, though, maybe Billy had been fucking
girls for years without her knowing about it. She was not a prying mother
and Billy's sex life was his own business. But it had come as a shock
to see him up there fucking that-Mexican girl—an exciting shock.

During the months since Sam had left, she'd more- than a few times
looked at Billy with hungry eyes. He was a young boy, but he exuded
male sexuality. And he had the equipment of a man, she knew that now.
He certainly had the equipment.

She was finger-fucking herself, thinking about her naked, erect little
boy and masturbating furiously.

The bathroom door rattled and Connie's heart leaped. She quickly threw
her robe over herself and stood up, tying her belt, then wiping off her
fingers on her robe. She stood watching the door, expecting Billy to
knock, then enter from the bathroom. Instead, she heard the lock click.
He was locking the door from the inside so he could use the bathroom
in privacy!

Connie felt a twinge of excitement. She'd never done anything like this
before, but she couldn't help herself now. She tip-toed toward the door
and knelt in front of it. Like the door that opened from the bathroom
into Billy's room, this door had two locks-a deadbolt lock which could
be turned only from the bathroom, and a key-lock under the door knob
which could be used from the bedroom. Connie carefully slipped the key
out of the lock, then peeked through the keyhole.

Billy sat on the toilet, stark naked. He was hunched forward, his elbow
on his knee, his chin resting in his hand, looking like the statue of
the Thinker. Connie heard a turd plop into the toilet and watched Billy
wipe himself.

This is sick, she told herself. You're being disgusting~ a pervert.
But she kept her eye glued to the keyhole.

Billy stood up, scratching his balls. He milked his cock, letting a few
drops of piss fall on the floor. He stepped in front of the mirror and
lifted his arms, flexing his biceps. He hadn't a hair under his arms yet,
although a small blond tuft sprouted on his groin. He ran his hands down
his chest and belly, then played with his nipples. His cock throbbed up,
pointing at the ceiling. He grabbed it and started to jerk it off.

Connie's head swam. Her heart slammed so loud she could hardly hear.
She steadied herself against the doorframe with her left hand and shoved
her right hand into her robe, between her legs. She slipped a finger
inside herself and started beating off to the same rhythm as was her son.

Billy rubbed his belly with circular strokes as he pounded his rigid
cockrod. His blue eyes looked glassy as he watched himself in the mirror.
His fat brown nuts flapped to the rhythm of his cockbeating. He muttered
to himself in whispers, some of the words audible to Connie.

"Tits . . . brown ass . . . dog . . . pussy ... donkeydick ... fuck ....
bitchgirl ... juicy cunt . . . jism . . . lick . . . suck . . . fuck . .
. hot prick . . . brown girl . . . "

"Yes," Connie whispered. Oh yes, I'm as hot as you are, she thought.
Oh baby, let's fuck !

Billy humped at his jerking hand, rounding his back, his blue eyes
rolling. He grunted, letting out a soft moan as his jism spurted in white
streams, splashing all over the mirror and washbasin. As his cum poured
out of him, he jerked his loins, his hand a blur on his teenaged cock.

Connie was on the verge of exploding with him when a knock frightened
the shit out of her. Panting, shaky, she forced herself up, wiping her
fingers on her robe as she went to answer the door.





CHAPTER FOUR

"Who is it?" she called out.

"Matt. Can I come in please?"

Connie tried to steady herself by breathing deeply. Her heart was still
pounding. "It's late, Matt. I was just going to bed."

"Just give me a few minutes. I'd really like to talk to you."

"If it's about what happened tonight, forget it. We were both drunk.
I'll pretend it never happened."

"Please, Connie, just let me in for a minute."

He sounded almost desperate. Connie took one last deep breath.
"All right," she said, turning the lock.

Like herself, Matt was dressed in a bathrobe. His hairy chest peeked
at her from the open top of the robe. His feet were bare. He had very
muscular calves. After Connie shut the door behind him, he turned and
secured the lock.

"Was that necessary?" Connie said.

"In Tijuana it's best to keep your doors locked at all times," Matt said.
He was looking around the room, sniffing the air. "Are we alone?"

"What kind of question is that? Of course we're alone. Now what's the
problem?"

Matt looked down at her, his face flushed, his breath reeking of liquor.
"You're the problem," he said. "You're the problem. You're driving me
out of my fucking mind!"

He threw his arms around her, crushing her in a fierce embrace, grinding
his loins against her. His cock felt like a billyclub pressed between
them.

"Matt, please!" Connie squirmed.

He shoved his tongue down her throat, ripping open her robe and mauling
her tits. Connie choked, struggling. He pinched and twisted on her
nipples and the fuckjuices ran out of her contracting pussy, running
down between her legs like hot oil. She lost all strength, going limp
in his arms. Her head fell back and he gnawed on the side of her neck,
her body shivering alternately with hotflashes and goosebumps.

Her hand automatically reached inside Matt's robe, groping for his cock.
It was a big hard one, as thick and long as Sam's, as Billy's, and it
leaked fucklube into her palm. She greased the cock knob with the slimy
fucklube, massaged the big prick from one end to the other, slid her
hand down and squeezed the man's egg-sized nuts.

"Oh God, Matt, oh God, I want you!"

Matt was panting, fumbling with the belts of their robes. He forced
her robe off her shoulders. She could see his heart pulsating in his
chest as he tore off his own robe and let it fall to the floor. Naked,
flushed with lust, they stood looking at each other for a few moments,
Matt stroking her tits with his fingertips, Connie slipping a loose hand
up and down his veiny cock.

Matt growled suddenly, crushing her in a bearhug and stumbling with her
to the bed. He dropped her on the mattress, grabbing her legs and forcing
them up. He hooked his shoulders under her knees and crushed her thighs
against her tits.

"Oh, Connie!"

"Fuck me, Matt, fuck me!"

Connie shivered, wide open, the cuntcream dribbling down into her
asscrack. As Matt's cockhead kissed the wet, sizzling meat between her
pussy-slabs, a rash of itchy thrills saturated her pussy and spread
through her loins. She dug her fingernails into Matt's flanks, pulling
him toward her. As his cock sank into her frothing pussy she cried out
with pleasure, not caring who heard her.

"Baby!" Matt moaned, grinding his cock inside her. "Oh baby, I've wanted
this for so long !

He began to slide his cock in and out of her, all eight hard inches of
it, and Connie thought she would lose her mind. She wiggled her ass,
squirming under him, wondering how she could possibly have denied herself
such pleasure all these months.

"Oh Matt, move it, give it to me good, oh yes ! "

Matt's nostrils dilated like a bull's as he fucked his thick prick down
into her. His fat cockhead fucked in and out of her pussy and his balls
flapped against her crotch, exciting her.

"This is good, this is so good, oh Matt!"

She tossed her head on the mattress, gasping, grunting, grinding her
hot cunt on Matt's pistoning prick. The fuck-thrills filled her loins
and streamed down her legs until the tips of her toes tingled.

Matt grunted rhythmically as he humped. He'd started to sweat and warm
drops splashed on her face like rain. She tasted the sweat, savoring
its saltiness.

The mattress creaked as Matt braced himself and bore down, plunging
his cock faster and harder, fucking her deeply. She quivered all over,
gasping, thrashing around, going out of her mind. It was as if Matt's
cock were electrified. Sizzling jolts of electricity seemed to be drilling
the pit of her cunt, her cuntal walls, her clit.

"Oh Matt!" she half screamed, her fuck tension rushing to a head.

She exploded, gasping, grinding her exploding pussy around and around on
his thick, veiny cock. The spasms made her shudder and nearly pass out.
As her orgasm passed, her cunt went slack, but Matt continued to hump
away at it.

"Let's change position," Connie panted. "Fuck me doggie style."

As Matt slipped his cock out of her and she got up on her hands and
knees, she remembered Trixie Smith getting up so Sam could fuck her
from behind. It was as if she were acting out that scene she'd watched
so many months ago.

She arched her back, turned up her ass, wiggled it. "Oh God, Matt,
put it in me!" she cried.

Matt wrapped his big hands around her waist, inserted the knob of his
prick in her open wet cunt, slipped it inside her to the hilt.

Connie rubbed her ass madly against his hairy abdomen. She couldn't
believe the pleasure. Her nipples tingled at the tips of her hanging,
hugely swollen tits.

"Fuck me, Matt, oh Jesus, fuck me!"

Matt's hard belly smacked against her ass, jolting her, making her gasp.
Fucking her from behind like this, he was able to fuck her even deeper.
His prick knob pounded deep in her womb. She gritted her teeth, grinding
her ass against his hairy stomach, fucking his cock. Her toes curled from
the sensations. His belly slamming her ass sounded like a clapping hand.

"Jesus, that's good, oh Jesus!"

Connie tossed her blonde head from side to side, grunting, panting so
hard she was dizzy. The fuckjuice bubbled out around Matt's plunging
cock and dribbled down the insides of her legs. God, she was hot!
She didn't think she'd been this hot since her honeymoon with Sam.

Matt gripped her waist tighter, jerking on her body, slamming her ass
against his abdomen each time he rammed in. He drooled on her back like
a dog, and Connie thought of the little Mexican girl getting fucked by
the big hound.

What did it feel like? she wondered. Did a dogcock feel like a man's
prick? A dogprick was certainly slimmer, more pointed, redder, more
slippery-looking. The thoughts made her skin crawl-but they also turned
her on.

She tightened her cuntal muscles, massaging Matt's cock rhythmically.
"Wiggle it, Matt, make it wiggle, oh God!" she whined.

Matt, grunting, gasping, moaning, flexed his cock inside her again
and again. It drove her crazy. The fuck-thrills surged through her cunt
like a zillion hot needles.

"Oh God, I'm coming!" she gasped. "Oh, oh!"

She writhed, humping her ass madly, fucking her spasming cunt on Matt's
slippery prick. Her orgasm made her chew her lip and she whined loudly,
like a mating bitch. Her cunt was so sensitive she wanted to scream.

"Pull it out!" she pleaded. "Oh God, pull it out! Fuck me up the ass!
Fuck my asshole, but pull it out!"

"Jesus Christ, I don't believe it! You're the hottest bitch I ever got
my hands on. Shit!"

Matt caught a handful of her slick cuntcream and slapped the slippery
juice on her asshole. Then he spread her asscheeks wide, getting them all
greasy with her pungent fuckjuices. His cock knob kissed her twitching
asspucker and he leaned into her, forcing her asspucker open.

Connie's eyes rolled back. Her mouth gaped. It felt as if a fist had been
rammed up her ass, as if her widely stretched pucker were splitting in a
thousand places. She knew it was only an illusion, however. She always
felt that initial splitting pain when getting ass-fucked. As she took
deep breaths, she began to relax and within seconds the pain had vanished.

"Oh Matt, I love it!"

Matt stroked her ass, spreading her fuckjuices all over it. He rubbed her
cuntcream on his rippling abdomen and chest, licked it off his fingers,
rubbed it all over his face.

"You're such a juicy bitch," he said, wiggling his cock in her asshole.
"That smell drives me out of my fucking head!"

He braced his hands on her upturned asscheeks, digging in with his
fingers, keeping her ass-globes spread apart. He worked his big prick
in and out of her tight, sucking asshole.

"Shit, you're so hot in there! Man, I could fuck your ass all night!"

"Then do it," Connie said, squirming as the fuck-thrills screwed through
her asshole. "Fuck my ass all night! Mmn, that feels so good ! "

Connie's loins tingled to the core with fuck sensations. She loved
getting ass-fucked. It was a different kind of pleasure than getting
fucked up the cunt. She felt wicked, dirty, and she loved it.

Matt pounded away, sliding his long thick cock in and out. His cockhead
rippled along the sensitive folds of her asshole and she felt corkscrews
of pleasure in her guts. Her asshole contracted, sucking Matt's cock.

"Baby, I can't hold it!" Matt humped wildly. "Jesus Christ, here it
comes!"

"Shoot it, Matt, oh God!"

Matt's cock flexed, spurting streams of hot jism into her bowels.
He groaned, shaking, jerking, pumping out his cum.

Connie gasped, wiggling her ass in circles, grinding it against Matt's
belly as he hunched over her like a whimpering hound. She could feel
his spurts deep inside her.

Matt collapsed on top of her and she collapsed under him, unable to hold
up his weight. He breathed heavily, his heart slamming against her back.

"Don't pull it out," she said. "Leave it in me all night. I need it.
Just keep fucking me."

            --------        --------        ---------

Billy chewed his lips as he shot his cum against the bathroom door.
He was kneeling in front of it, naked, pounding his cock as he peeked
through the keyhole into his mother's room.

That lucky Matt, fucking mom's hot ass! It must feel like heaven.

Billy got some toilet paper and carefully wiped his cum off the door.
It was still warm. He then wiped his earlier load off the mirror and
sink and he tossed the cum-sticky wads of paper into the toilet. Then he
pissed, looking down at his fat, long prick. It was still frosted with
the Mexican's girl's cuntcream.

What a night it had been! Watching that Mexican girl get it from the
dog, then fucking her himself, then watching her get it from the donkey.
She'd even sucked the animals off! Shit! How he wished he had that girl
in his room right now! He'd make her suck him off, then he'd fuck her
all night, fuck her up the asshole even. Shit!

He heard his mother gasping and quickly resumed his post at the keyhole.
Matt was really fucking the shit out of her, just like dad used to to.
Billy really missed watching through the keyhole at home as dad fucked
between mom's legs or mounted on her ass.

Well, now maybe the good days would come back. He hoped that when they
got back home Matt would start coming over every night and fucking the
shit out of mom. Billy loved to watch. It made him fucking hot!

Billy started beating his cock. He could still smell the Mexican girl's
cuntcream on it. As he watched Matt hump his mother, he imagined that he
was Matt. In a few minutes he was spurting all over, daggers of pleasure
knifing up the core of his prick.

--
