Me and Judy
 
I was in the study, reading, when I heard a noise. I looked up and a
dog was standing about half way into the room, looking at me. More like
a wolf, the animal was very pretty none-the-less. It whined, and wagged
it's tail. "You must be Judy." She barked. Judy was Nancy's dog. She
had told me about the animal when she had called to ask if she could
stay a few weeks. "Just until I can find an apartment, preferably close
to Campus." I agreed, seeing as I had a 4-room house (An eccentric
uncle left it to me, on the stipulation I live in it). She also said
she had a dog, who would be no bother, since she was housebroken. "She
will stay in my room. She hates men." "Oh?", I asked, curious as to why
the animal only hated men. "I got her at a 'Shelter'. They told me that
she had been abused as a puppy, and hated men. She will be fine, as
long as she is kept in the room with me."
 
Nancy arrived a few days later, and I helped her with her baggage, then
I went into the study, and locked the door. Nancy went out, and brought
Judy in, and went directly up to her room. That was the quietest dog I
have never heard. No howls, no barks, no nothing. We both went to
college during the day, and I was usually busy in the study at night,
so the animal might have been as loud as a rhino, and I wouldn't have
known. So, it was a shock to see it materialize in front of me. "Is
something wrong?" For Judy to be out, Nancy must had left her door
open, which wasn't like her. I closed my book, and un-crossed my legs.
The dog growled. "Easy, Girl. I am not going to hurt you, I just want
to see if your mistress is alright."
 
She looked at me with eyes as green as the sea. Setting my book on the
nightstand, I watched her closely. Her nose quivered, and she growled
low. Then she whined, and moved closer. I sat still, waiting... She
came up to me and stared at my lap. Her eyes were almost human.
Suddenly, she shoved her muzzle under my robe, and took several deep
breaths. I certainly didn't want a dog who hated men that close to my
crotch, so I pulled on my robe, and got a very nasty growl for my
trouble. She continued sniffing, then ran her tongue across the inside
of one thigh. Pulling her head out from under the cloth, the animal
grabbed my sash, and with a jerk of her head, pulled it off. Nuzzling
my robe open, she placed her paws on my thighs and growled warningly. I
wasn't about to interfere with whatever the dog had planned. Putting
both hands on either side of the chair, I waited to see what she would
do next. She shoved her cold, wet nose under my ball-sac, and shoved
them up, then lapped at my testicles until they were swollen, and
soaked. Then she pressed her paws on either side of my cock, pulling
the skin taught, and rubbed her muzzle against it. She repeated this
with the other side of her snout.
 
This was the dog who hated men? What did she do to people she liked?!?
The animal sniffed the tip, then slid her tongue across the sensitive
flesh. I squirmed, and she growled, but continued to lap at just the
end of my dick. The dog pressed her thin lips against it, then with a
moan, opened her mouth and swallowed my maleness down to the hairs.
Sharp teeth dug into my skin, and a warm tongue massaged the fleshy
tube, as she sucked on my cock. I gripped the chair arms, as she nursed
on my maleness, her raspy tongue scraping at the sensitive underside of
the swollen tip, and I shuddered. Digging her paws into my legs, the
dog bobbed up-and-down, hungry for my cum.The Animal sucked too
expertly for this to be just a chancy thing. On each upstroke, her
tongue wound around the tip of my dick, making me moan. Then she
squashed it against the ridges in the roof of her mouth, and slid her
mouth down, until her nose was buried in my pubic hairs. It didn't take
much of this until I yelped through clenched teeth, and my balls
contracted under a rough paw, that was rubbing them. The dog pulled up,
until just the cock-head was held between long canines. Her tongue
twanged the web of flesh on the underside, and she gurgled, as cum
splashed across her canine palate. Her thick neck contracted, as she
swallowed. Her tongue pressed my spurting cock-head again the roof of
her mouth, making each wad slide across the length of that talented
organ, before it disappeared down a bottomless abyss.
 
At last she stopped polishing my cock-knob, and let it slide out. I sat
there panting, not caring if the whole world was watching us. Finally,
I got enough energy to get up... and promptly fell flat on my face! I
had unknowingly trapped the edge of my robe in the chair, and when I
got up, my robe held on just enough to make me tug, and when it came
loose... I lay on the ground, dazed at turning a somersault. The dog
sat a few feet away, tongue hanging out. There isn't anybody that could
convince me that she wasn't laughing at me. I had to laugh, myself.
Judy whined, and padded over to me, then sniffed at my chest. Her warm
tongue rasped at a nipple, making it stand erect, and making my cock
shudder to life. She eyed it for a moment, then lapped at the other
teat. Now my dick stood as hard as my nipples. The dog barked, and
licked on the tip. Then she went down to my legs, and made her way up
my body. When her tail brushed my erection, she stopped, then crouched,
yelping, as she impaled herself.
 
I lay, amazed, as the animal pressed her haunches into my crotch,
taking me to the hilt. I gasped at both her warmth and tightness. She
moaned, squeezing my cock with inner muscles. She moaned/howled, and
nuzzled my chest. I again rubbed her sides, as she started moving,
up-and-down on my erection. It took me longer to ejaculate this time,
and Judy loved every moment of it. But, at last I was drained a second
time. The dog seemed sated. She lay on top of me, paws on her chin,
panting. But it didn't take long before she was again lapping at my
teats, and cock, teasing it into erection. This time she rubbed her
tail over it a couple of times, then sat down. The tone and length of
her howl, as well as the amount of tail that brushed my balls, told me
I was now buggering the eager hound. And we both loved every moment.
She would pull up, until only the tip stayed trapped in her ring of
anus-muscles. Then she would wriggle, and bending her knees, slowly
slide down on my cock, driving us both mad with lust. At last, I
couldn't stand it any longer.
 
I grabbed her hips, and ignoring her growls, rolled over, and shoved
her under me. She lay there for a moment, looking up at me, then she
squirmed in my lap, and I fucked her hard and fast for a good five
minutes. All thoughts of Nancy went out the window, as the dog met me
stroke for stroke, moan for moan. I pressed my mouth against her snout,
and she lapped my face eagerly, as I shifted positions, pulling her
even closer. The itch built until I couldn't stand it any longer. I
slammed in to the hilt, as strong doggy-anus-muscles rippled the length
of my cock, pulling the scum from my overworked testicles. She howled
loud enough to wake the dead, as I flooded her ass with cum. She
drained my balls totally into her neither end, by milking it with the
walls of her rectum. I lay on top of her, tongue inter-twining with the
dogs, working the last of my orgasm off by gently humping the animal.
At last, my shrinking cock slid out of her, and I pulled myself
upright. Judy looked into my eyes for a moment, then rolled over and
ran upstairs. I was too tired to even care. I closed the Study door,
fell into a warm shower, and dropped on top of the bed, passing into
the into the place kept for people who have just fucked their brains
out. The next morning, Judy came down to breakfast. "Morning", she
said. I smiled at her and dropped a hint that she had left her door
open. "Yes, I did..." I looked at her as if she was crazy. "Scrambled?
Now why did you do a thing like that?" "Please... And you got turned-on
like crazy when I licked your nipples last night..." I dropped an egg.
What?!? Judy laughed, and explained she was a werewolf. Every time
there is a full moon, she turns into a dog. But even that she could
live with... Except every time she changed, she got horny! "Ever try to
find a guy who was horny enough to have sex with a dog? Before last
night I haven't screwed anything human for a month!" Then she grinned
at me. "But I think that ended last night..." I made breakfast, and
went off to college. And every full moon, for the year she had left in
school, Judy would come down to the study, and we screw until daylight.
But, finally it came time to leave. As I packed the last trunk in her
car, she smiled, kissed my hand and started the machine up. Neither of
us were much for goodbye's.
 
But as she pulled out the driveway, a car drove up, and a young man got
out. "I hear you have a room for rent..." The pupils in his eyes were
slightly angular. Judy turned, and winked at me. "Why, yes I do have a
room for rent... You wouldn't happen to own a dog?" He grinned, showing
enlarged canines. "A horny one?" He barked a laugh, grabbing a suitcase
with one hairy hand and my butt with the other. "Only when the Moon is
full..." I chuckled, and helped him get his luggage inside.


