ME DOLL, YOU BIG
      by Sue


I'm deep into my sleep, and a dream come bubbling to the surface of my
unconsciousness. In this incredible fantasy world, I have become a doll-size
woman, maybe 8 inches tall. Strangely, this all seems totally normal to me,
like I've always been this size! I am naked and playing in the bottom of my
big bathtub with just 3 inches of warm water in the bottom. It is like being
in the bottom of a huge basin of Lake Powell, with the smooth sandstone
cliffs rising above me and the warm waters lapping around my suntanned legs.
I lean back my head as if the ceiling light was the desert sun, and suddenly
a cloud blocks out the light. I open my eyes and look up to see a huge foot
lowering from above, and I dive into the water and swim to the opposite end
of the tub. 

From this vantage point, I can see more clearly what is happening. That foot
is attached to a massive, muscular leg, and following it up, I can see the
rest of a giant's body -- your body. Everything is so gigantic from my doll
perspective, not the least of which is your cock, which dangles down toward
the water and sways back and forth as you bring your other foot over the edge
of the tub and into the water. This generates a wave that almost knocks me
off my feet, and I shout up to you to be more careful. You let out a loving
laugh, and then move ever so slowly to lower your body down into the water,
with your feet on either side of me. This raises the level of the water, so
that I swim around and do some dolphin dives, coming up near one of your
ankles and climbing aboard. With my feet planted in the crook of your ankle,
I lean back against the flat top of your foot, and reach over my head to grab
hold of your middle toe. My nude body is stretched out long over your foot in
a most provocative "centerfold" kind of pose that I know you like. Your smile
becomes broader, and I can also see a little twitching in the surface of your
flaccid cock that is lying draped over your thigh.

Hanging on to your toe, I pick my feet up off your ankle and raise my toes up
and up until they are over my head near my hands with t he toes pointed
straight up. Now you can see the tight muscles of my long, slim legs, and you
can see a bit of pink flesh between my clenched ass cheeks. I let my legs
separate enough for me to let my face appear between my knees, and then ever
so gradually, I continue to allow my feet to move apart, with my legs
straight as your cock will soon be. It takes a full minute for my legs to
reach their horizontal attitude, but when the do, I look like an upside-down
letter T, with all my weight hanging down from my arms and your toes. Every
muscle is tight and my body is slicked down with the tub water and with the
sweat of my exertions. I look straight into your eyes, and I can see you
straining to focus on my crotch, which is spread absolutely wide open for
your examination. My private parts are, of course, normal sized to my eyes,
but they are incredibly petite to you. I'm a walking, talking, anatomically
correct, warm blooded doll. No correction.... make that hot-blooded, for
displaying myself to you has not only been provocative to you, it has really
turned me on. A third kind of moisture is now slicking down my skin between
my outstretched thighs.

But I  can't hold myself up any longer, so I gracefully let my pointed toes
drop back down to your ankles, and I let my gaze drop back to your crotch. 
At the end of the long crevasse dividing the two pink ridges of your legs,
there rises a tower of flesh that is almost scary in its dimensions and its
sudden appearance. My natural curiosity overcomes my abating fear, and I know
that I must get up close and personal with your monument to sensuality. After
all, it was erected in my honor!

I recall my high-school gymnastics as I careful walk down the hard bone of
your shin. It is so much like walking the beam that I impetuously spring
forward onto my hands and do a handstand split. Again, my spread thighs give
you a view of the wet folds of my cunt, with the outer lips pulled wide open
so that you can see the purple inner lips and the tiny entrance to my cunt,
which is opening and closing in suggestive winks. I walk forwards on my hands
until I reach your knee, and the upslope knocks me off balance, so that I
tumble off your bouncy skin into the water. 

Again you bellow your warm laugh, and then you reach both of your hands down
 to scoop me up into the cradled palms. There in the puddle of water, I roll
around until I am on my back, my head at your fingertips and my feet dangling
down between your wrists. You lift me up toward your big, wide face, and then
I see the wet pink tip of your tongue sneak out from between your lips. Out
it comes from its hideaway, until it extends three inches are exposed, almost
half of my entire height. 

You lift my doll-body up to your tongue, and gently, ever so gently, probe at
my miniature toes. If feels both monstrous and at the same time incredibly
sexy. I spread my feet apart and run them up either side of your tongue as it
twitches and squirms. Playfully, I kick my heels into your tongue,and you
respond by wagging it back and forth, swatting my feet further apart until I
let them settle down onto the heels of your palms. Again, my legs are spread
and my cunt is split open to your view. I arch my back, raising my ass up off
your palms and pushing my cunt up toward your tongue. Your tongue is so big
and slimy, but I know you'll figure out what to do with it.

And you do. First you stretch the tip out as far as you can and insert it
under my ass and up to the small of my back. I wiggle my hips around on the
slippery surface of your tongue, and I can feel the hard bumps that feel rub
my skin like a luffa sponge. Then you pull your tongue back a bit, and lap
upward through my crotch and up and over the top until I can actually wrap my
arms around the firm flesh and I bring my head forward and plant a big kiss
onto your tongue. It's like kissing a whale's tongue (do they have tongues?).
With your tongue extended up and out like this, the flap of skin under your
tongue is taut, and I push my cunt up to it and hook my feet over onto the
top of your tongue,  rubbing my puffy lips against this hard ridge. After a
bit of experimenting, I'm able to get some pressure directly on my clitoris,
and I rub it back and forth over this string of slippery flesh. Yessss, that
feels so good, and my face is buffeted by your sweet breath as I stimulate
myself on the underside of your tongue. 

When I get close to my orgasm, I lay back into your palms and let your tongue
tip lap up and down through my crotch. I beg you to make your tongue more
pointy, and this helps put more pressure onto my clit. I reach down with my
hands and pull my outer labia out of the way. It's hard to keep my grip as
your tongue pushes around  and around. It's working for me, and my climax is
getting close. My head lolls back over the tips of your fingers and your
thumbs reach over my arms and begin to rub lightly over the points of my
nipples. The ridges of your fingerprints feel so incredible when scaled to
the proportions that I am experiencing now. My nipples and my clitoris and my
brain are all connected into a frenetic feedback loop, and the electrical
charge is now over the threshold of sanity. My orgasm washes over my tiny
body in a way that makes me feel like I must be 8 yards tall instead of 8
inches. Everything is so big and wet and slippery and I feel so excited and
wonderful. The moments stretch into what seems like eternity.

Finally, the waves of pleasure abate, And I open my eyes as you pull your
cupped palms away from your face and lick your lips. I can tell that you
enjoyed playing with my doll body. Now it is time , we both know, for my
doll's body to play with you. Your hands drop to your tummy, and I jump off
the "flying carpet" and my feet snag in the hair that curls up on your lower
torso. I fall forwards and land right as the base of your cock, which has is
now lost its erection while you have been paying attention to my needs. For
the moment, it is maybe 4 inches long, and lies out over your thigh. I crawl
along it's length and when my face is even with your cock's head, I stop to
examine it in detail. The smell is so strong, even though you have been in
the tub for a while now. I know you are clean, yet the sweet-and-sour smell
is still there, will always be a part of you. I love it, and it's kind of
intoxicating and so erotic. I kiss you just under the helmet shaped crown,
and run my tongue along this edge. There are little bumps and undulations
that I also rub with my hands. Already, this is having an effect on you, for
I can feel the size of your cock swelling, and the surface temperature is
rising noticeably. 

I nibble and kiss my way up to your piss-hole at the tip of your cock, and
use my fingers to pull it open enough for me to lick all around inside, and
now I have to wrap my arms around the entire head as your cock is moving and
twitching , maneuvering itself around so that it points up at your chin. I
crawl up on top of your cock, and now it is at least as long as I am tall. I
let my head rest on the long tubular ridge and I can feel the rush of blood
pumping into your cock in time with your quickening heartbeat. 

Now I bring my lips up to the little sting of skin just below your pisshole,
and I lap my tongue all around, again licking the ridge and bumps and all the
way up to your hole. Clear, salty pre-come oozes out and covers my entire
face as I pull some into my mouth. My arms are wrapped around your cock, and
I can just barely link my hands and this gives me the everage to squeeze and
release and squeeze and release your cock. I'm using my whole upper body as a
pump, and I also let me feet gently probe toward your balls. You like this
idea, and you take one hand and cup your balls bringing them up toward my fee
so that I can lightly roll the skin around. 

My small body is stimulating you,but after 10 minutes of this, it becomes
obvious that I just don't have enough strength and weight to do the job by
myself. So you take the pink of your other hand (the one that isn't cupping
your balls) and insert it between my legs and you use that finger to rub up
and down on the surface of your cock. The rubbing also affects the inside of
my thighs, and I am able to spread my knees enough so that your pinky gives
me an occasional random rub over my cunt. So now my face is stimulating your
cock's head, my chest and arms are pumping the top of the shaft, your finger
is stroking the lower shaft, and my feet and your other hand are tumbling in
your balls. None of this stimulation is too strong, but the cumulative effect
is finally enough, and I feel your cock stretch out even longer and get
hotter. More precome is dribbling out, more than I can lap up. 

Now I feel stronger pulses pounding within your cock, and I pull myself up
and over the head of your cock, giving you a chance to use your entire hand
to stroke the length of your cock. sitting cross-legged in the indent of your
navel, my head is even with the wobbling crown of your cock, and I use my
hands to massage the entire head, using the precome as lubrication. Suddenly
your hand squeezes harder onto your cock, and the first jet of come jets out
of the opening, The glob is forceful enough to push me over onto my back, and
I am covered with the hot, sticky cream. Spreading my legs, I don't have to
wait long until you direct the second jet of come right into the juncture of
my thighs, blasting my entire cunt with the stuff. More and more comes out,
and I massage my skin and face and hair with the cream. I'm sure that I look
like a wet cat, but I'm not worried about appearances. Now my hand reach down
between my legs and I start to rub my clitoris vigorously with the flat of my
hand. As your orgasm diminishes, you gently let the weight of your cock rest
down onto my torso, and my hand is trapped under the soft, hot, wet weight.
But I continue to masturbate beneath your deflating blimp, and with my other
hand, I scoop up puddles of your milky cream and feed myself this long
awaited dessert. 

When my orgasm comes, it is softer and longer and more tingly than my first
one. I am transported to some other heavenly place, where my senses are
heightened by  our erotic experiences. My eyes close in the minutes of
pleasure, and when I open them, the scene has changed. I am back in my bed,
my dream has ended, and it is dawn. You are here with me, kneeling next to my
head  with your half-erect cock hanging down over my face. I stare into your
eyes with love and gratitude, and my hands and head lift up in unison to
grasp your cock and draw it into my mouth, ready for more and more of my
dreams ot enter my morning... and my entire day. It is going to be quite a
day, I can tell.
