Archive-name: 3plus/meetagin.txt
Archive-author: Ojo de Ella
Archive-title: We Meet Again


   Ever since I first met Dave in college I was attracted to  him.   We dated
   once or twice but for some reason or another,  we never got real close and
   we never made it together.

   It was purely by coincidence that,  after five years, we met again.  After
   some small talk, he suggested that I come over some day and meet his wife.
   HIS WIFE?  We agreed that I would come over for dinner.

   After I rang the bell,  I was hoping that  Dave would answer the  door.  I
   did not want to meet his wife right off the bat.   My mind just raced with
   the thought of what she would look like.   I wasn't a slouch by  any means
   but I don't  think  that  I  could  have  handled  having  dinner  with my
   ex-boyfriend and his beauty  queen wife.   With my luck,  she would answer
   the door in her tiara.

   I realized that I would be spared my imaginary horrors  when Dave answered
   the door.

   I entered the very  tastefully  decorated  home  and  discretely  began to
   "scan"  for the you-know-who.   She wasn't to  be seen.   But then I heard
   Dave say, "I'd like you to meet my wife." I turned around to see her enter
   the room from  the hallway.   She was certainly a  beautiful woman.  Maybe
   even beauty queen caliber.   She had long, softly curled, light brown hair
   that lay gently around her sholders.   Her light blue  knit  top and white
   slacks very tastefully hugged a slim and curvacious figure.

   But  for some reason,  I instantly felt  comfortable.   Any fears I had of
   being "out classed"  just vanished.   I think it was her face that told me
   that I was being very silly for allowing myself to be intimidated before I
   had even met her.  Her expression was warm, soft and very friendly.

   She  instantly put one arm around  Dave's  waist,  extended her other hand
   towards me and said,  "Hi.   I'm Linda.   Dave's told me so much about you
   and I'm so gald to finally meet you."

   Her personality was instantly  disarming.   She  certainly  didn't  act as
   though she felt  threatened  by me and I was pleasently  surprised  by her
   gracious nature.   The evening went very smoothly and,  with the help of a
   wonderful  dinner  wine,  we were  all relaxed and  comfortable  with each
   other.

   After desert,  we returned to the living room to enjoy the warm fireplace,
   some after-dinner drinks,  and good conversation.  Dave and Linda snuggled
   on the couch and I fell into the easy chair across from them.

   "So Toni", Linda began.  "Dave told me that you two dated a few times."

   "Uh huh", I responded.

   "Well I can certainly see why he talked about you so  much.   You are very
   beautiful."

   "Thank  you.   So are you",  I  said honestly.   "Ya know?  I was a little
   nervous about meeting you  and I guess I secretly  wished  that you looked
   like a troll or something.  But after meeting you, and getting to know you
   a bit, I don't feel so bad that you look so great."

   We all laughed and openenly  talked  about our initial  fears.   Dave even
   confessed that he had visions of a horrendous cat fight between  Linda and
   I.

   "You two are certainly in love.   I wish you much happiness",  I said as I
   raised my cordial glass in toast.

   Linda smiled and gave Dave a hug.

   "We certainly are",  Dave said. He tighned his arm that wrapped around her
   sholders and under her arm.  As he did it, I just happened to see that his
   hand had fallen  naturally over  her left  breast.   When  he  relaxed his
   squeeze, he didn't make much of an attempt to remove it.

   Our conversation  continued along pretty  harmless lines but  I soon found
   myself concentrating more  on  what Dave and Linda were  doing  instead of
   what  they  were  saying.   Dave's  left  hand was very softly  and gently
   caressing Linda's breast and her hand had begun to slowly move up and down
   his thigh from  the knee  almost  up  to  his crotch.  It was all  so very
   subtle.   I'm  not even  sure  that they knew  what they were  doing.  The
   conversation just kept moving as if none of this was going on.

   But for me,  it was very  distracting.   It  was  pretty  hard  for  me to
   listened intently  when  I could see Linda's nipple  get erect  and create
   that  obvious bump  in her top.   I guess I was staring because  all  of a
   sudden, I heard Linda say, "Toni...Toni...Is something wrong?"

   As I mumbled "Uh...uh...   No",  Linda looked  down  at  the  bump  in her
   clothes that I had fixed on.

   She said,  "Oh  gee...I'm sorry if  this made you  uncomfortable."  Dave's
   hand stopped moving over her breast.

   A bit flustered,  I reacted as if I had been caught reading Playgirl by my
   parents or something and said,  "Oh no.  That's all right.  Don't mind me.
   Go right ahead."  I felt like an idiot.  I couldn't believe I said that.

   Dave raised his eye brows in surprise and  I realized that that  my remark
   was not going to go unnoticed.

   I buried my head in my hands in embarassement and said, "Oh shit!"  I knew
   if I said anything else, it would only make matters worse.

   Dave just started laughing histerically.

   "What's so funny?" I asked.

   "When did you get so prudish?" he asked though his laughing.

   "I am not prudish," I insisted.

   Linda firmly nudged him in the ribs  and sharply said,  "Dave!"  It almost
   caused him to spill the drink that he had brought to his lips.

   "So what's the problem then?", he said.

   "There is no problem.   If you two want  to be alone,  I understand.  It's
   getting late anyway."

   This  time,  Linda  hit him in  the arm and did spill his  drink  onto the
   coffee table.

   "Don't be so rude.  Toni is our guest", she scolded.

   Dave came back with, "Who said anything about having her leave.  Maybe she
   would like to watch."  He began to giggle.

   The  drinks  were  definitly getting to  all of us.   Normally, Dave would
   never  have suggested such a thing;  even  in jest.   And I would normally
   have been totally embarassed.   Partly due  to the alcohol,  and because I
   guess I wanted to  show him  that I wasn't a prude,  I said,  "Sure.  I'll
   watch."

   He stopped laughing and they just looked at each other in  surprise.  Then
   they simultaneously looked at me.

   I said, "Just let me get another drink first."  I got up and saw them look
   at each other again.

   They watched me get back into the easy chair.  I said, "Go ahead.  I'll be
   real quiet.  Pretend that I'm not here", as I took a large sip of my vodka
   and tonic.

   I started to run my fingers around the glass and didn't look  at them.  It
   was all just a game  to  me.   A big bluff.   I certainly had never really
   done anything like that before.  I just figured that they would just start
   to laugh and the whole issue would be over.

   I waited, but there would be no laughter.

   The pause seemed to silently indicate an attitude of "Oh  hell.  Why not."
   I looked up and again saw Dave's hand cupping Linda's breast  and her hand
   moving up and down his thigh.   They were  both looking  into each other's
   eyes.

   It didn't take long for the tiny bump  to return to  Linda's tight fitting
   top and a bulge was beginning to  form  in  the  crotch  of  Dave's pants.
   Without a word,  Linda got up and stood in front of Dave between his legs.
   With her back to me,  she lifted her top over her head and let  to fall to
   the floor.   She wore no bra and I was very  curious about  what  (and how
   much) Dave was looking at.

   She knelt down and I could tell that she was unbuckling his  pants.  Soon,
   both Dave's  pants and his underware were  down  around  his ankles.  Even
   from behind Linda,  I could tell that she was using both  hands  to caress
   his penis.   I could see  her elbows bending  as her forearms went  up and
   down.

   My vision was still blocked and my curiosity was unbearable.  I had to see
   what was going on.   I got up with my drink and walked  over  to the couch
   and stood next to them.

   I was indeed  surprised.   I took a very  long  drink and knew  that I was
   staring.

   I don't know  if  I have  ever  seen a  penis like Dave's before.   It was
   perfect!  It was easily eight inches in  length and thick  enough that one
   woman's hand just could wrap around it.   It was very straight and totally
   without  hair.   The pubic hair  that  was around  the base  was obviously
   trimmed regularly.

   Linda was stroking his cock with both hands and my eyes  moved from Dave's
   penis to her breasts.  They were very attractive.  They were a bit smaller
   that my  own but all of  36(D)  and  very  round and firm.   Each stroking
   motion made her breasts jiggle and I found that very alluring.

   I watched very intently as her movements cause the skin of Dave's  cock to
   bunch up  at  the top of  her grasp.   Her stroking continued and I  saw a
   clear liquid drop form at the tip of Dave's cock.  She continued until the
   drop grew and began to move.   Linda's lips parted and she  moved her head
   closer.   The drop   seemed to  leap  to  her as her  tongue touched Dave.
   Withdrawing,  Linda licked her lips  with the  clear glycerin-like wetness
   that she so expertly pumped.

   They just  seemed  to  be ignoring me.   Linda stopped her  carressing and
   stood up.  She  very easily slipped out of  her slacks  and was  left just
   wearing a pair of extremely sexy, high cut pink lace panties.

   Without a word she  came over to  me and began  to undo the buttons  of my
   blouse.   I was stunned but my only  reaction was  to down the rest  of my
   drink.   I  didn't  know what to  do.   So I did nothing.   I just "let it
   ride".

   Linda continue  until my  blouse  was open and  then slid it  off me.  She
   dropped to her knees and began to undo my pants.

   While Linda worked on removing my clothes,  I was staring at Dave.  He had
   stood up and removed his clothes.   His vision was fixed on what  his wife
   was doing to me and therefore didn't realize I was rivited on  what he was
   doing.   As he watched Linda, his right hand was gently stroking his cock.
   It was a very exhilerating sight.   My breathing became short as I watched
   his hand  move  back and  forth along his shaft.   I was  marveling at the
   sight of the skin  of his penis  as it bunched up  against his hand  as it
   moved.

   After removing my pants, Linda immediately dispatched my panties and again
   stood.   She hugged me so  that her hands  could reach behind  and undo my
   bra.   Without us seperating,  she slid it down and away  from between our
   bodies.   The  sensation of our  naked breasts against eachother  was very
   exciting to say the least.

   As if controlled by some automatic pilot,  I returned her embrace.  Then I
   lower myself down to my knees.  My face was even with Linda's crotch.

   I paused  for a moment.   I guess I knew  that  this was the  moment of no
   return.   If I wished things to stop,  now would be the time.   If we went
   any further,  It would  be unfair to  not carry through with  whatever the
   evening would offer.

   "Oh,  what the hell",  I though to myself and took a good look at what was
   facing me.

   I hands rose up and settled on Linda's smooth hips.   I gently grasped the
   edges of her panties and slowly began to pull them down.  I held my breath
   as I uncoverd her crotch.   As in Dave's case,  Linda's whispy light brown
   pubic hair was very closely trimmed.   Only a faint trace  of hair covered
   the   tell tale line of her womanhood.  I began to notice the gently sweet
   smell  of her sexual excitement.   I was not disturbed by  it.   Quite the
   contrary.   I was mysteriously curious.   I had never been  exposed to   a
   woman's sexual arousal other than my own.

   Linda bent down and cupped my breasts with her hands and drew me  up to my
   feet.  Again she hugged me.  She took my hand and led me over to Dave.

   Abandoning me,  she  continued into  the  arms  of  her  husband  and they
   embrased.   His hands gently carressed  her buttocks and  hers found their
   way along his hips.

   Their bodies parted slightly and they faced me.  I watched as Linda's hand
   moved  down along  Dave's stomach and  down over his cock.   She continued
   until her hands firmly cupped his balls and she began  caressing them.  It
   was if she were proud of her husband's body  and took  pleasure in showing
   it to me.

   As if to mimick Linda, Dave's hand slid down between her legs.  She parted
   them slightly to make his quest easier.  I watched her eyes close as I was
   sure Dave inserted a finger or two into her obviously  aroused vagina.  As
   I am sure they have done may times before, has fingers rose up to his lips
   and he began to suck her sacred wetness.

   In total silence,  Dave guided Linda until she sat down on the  couch.  He
   stood between her legs as she lifted  them  up until her  ankles rested on
   his sholders.   I moved over to them and could see Dave's cock poised just
   a few inches from her opening.

   Linda's fingers gently seperated the lips of her pussy and, as if to savor
   the special moment, we all stood motionless.

   With one smooth  gentle motion,  Dave cock dissapeared into  Linda's boby.
   She dropped her head back and her chest collapsed  as she let  out a gasp.
   My own naked body  reacted  with  a  deep  sigh  and  my  vagina instantly
   produced  a rush  of wetness  as if it  were my pussy that  just enveloped
   Dave's cock.  (I wish it had.)

   After  another motionless  pause,  he slowly began his rythmic in  and out
   thrusts.

   I was captivated  by  what  had transpired.   In  one way  I  felt jealous
   because I was not directly envolved in what was going on.   But in another
   way,  I felt the fact that I was now  being ignored was a  blessing.  Dave
   and Linda's lack of attention to me allowed me to feel that I  was free to
   do whatever I wanted.   I could certainly do nothing to detract from their
   pleasure.

   I couldn't stand and watch any longer.   I wanted a part of this.  I knelt
   down next  to  them  and watched his cock  move  in  and out of  Linda.  I
   reached up and opened the lips of Linda's pussy.  My face was  just inches
   away.   My eyes were rivited on Dave's cock as it moved in and out  of her
   cunt.   I stared  at  the sticky  wetness that  collected at  the edges of
   Linda's cunt each time Dave's  penis slid  inside.   I lowered my head and
   placed my tongue on Dave's cock and licked it as he continued to pump her.
   Faster and faster he  went.   I rested my nose  on his penis  and moved my
   tongue to Linda's cunt.   I wanted to "feel"  them make love.  I stuck the
   tip of my tongue right  where his cock  entered her and let  his thrusting
   bring it into her.

   I licked  up until  my tounge touched Linda's clitoris.   I felt  her body
   shudder.   I gently  licked  and sucked on this  most sensitive  part of a
   woman and enjoyed the sensations it was causing in my own body.

   I knew their orgasms were near.

   "I'm coming....I'm coming", she whispered.

   I stopped licking at  Linda and rose  up  to  watch.   I could see Linda's
   pussy uncontrollably  clench  down in orgasmic  ecstasy.  Dave's thrusting
   continued.  With each  glorious spasm,  I watched her cunt eject  more and
   more of a warm clear fluid.  I reached under and grasped  Dave's balls and
   held them as he moved.   As Linda expelled more and more cum, I could feel
   my hands become wet and slick.

   Suddenly I felt Dave's balls swell and I knew it was his  turn.  I watched
   his penis stiffen each time his cum shot through it.  The clear thin sheen
   of Linda's cum on his cock began to get  thicker and more  white in color.
   I could tell that Dave's  cum had mixed with  Linda's.   She could hold no
   more fluids.  In and out he continued as his orgasm subsided.

   When I was sure that their orgasms were  over,  I intervened.   I moved my
   hand to the base of Dave's cock and gently pushed him away  from Linda.  I
   watched as his long shaft emerged from her cunt.

   I just stared at it for a moment.   The entire length was covered with the
   thick milky film of mixed cum.   Enough had stayed with him that  it began
   to slowly form drops that  made their  way toward the  slightly lower tip.
   When it looked as if there was enough that some would fall,  I placed just
   the tip of his cock  between my lips.   Quickly,  the sweet musky aroma of
   their cum shot up my nostrils.   It was exhilerating.  My checks collapsed
   as I began to suck his gorgeous cock into my mouth.

   As I slowly drew him in, the cum began to collect around my lips.  I moved
   my tongue up and dowm the underside of  his penis and,  when  it was about
   half way in,  I  felt  Dave  intentionally make  his cock  contract.  That
   promptly deposited a rather large drop of his cum right on  my  tongue.  I
   loved it!

   When I had sucked as much of him in as I  could,  I slowly slipped him out
   again.  My lips were still surrounded with cum that was beginning to slide
   down my face.

   I released him and turned my eyes to Linda.  She looked at me a said in an
   almost pleading voice,  "Ohhhhh!   I want to taste him!  Please, please."

   I brought my face above hers,  almost to the point where our lips touched.
   Her tongue  shot  out to  eagerly meet  the large  drop  of  cum  that was
   stretching down from my  lips.   Without sucking it in,  she began to lick
   all around  my  mouth to  collect as  much  of  their mixed juices  as she
   could.

   Linda stopped and looked  into  my  eyes  and whispered,  "I want to thank
   you."  She got up, laid me down on the couch, and switched her body around
   until her face was between my legs.

   Of course,  that meant that my face was between hers  as well.   Oh what a
   sight.  As she began to suck at my pussy, I just stared for a moment.

   The outside of  her pussy was  very  wet  and  had  an  intense,  but very
   pleasurable, scent.  I could easily distinguish the different aromas.  The
   lips of her pussy were still parted from the stretching that they took but
   I used my fingers to open her further.  As I did, I began to see the milky
   white mixture of their cum slowly  make its way  out.   I knew there was a
   lot still deep inside her.

   Slowly the slipperly stuff oozed from between  her cunt lips and  began to
   gather at  her clitoris  that  was  poised  directly  over  my  lips.  The
   clinging  glob  got larger  and larger until  it could remain with  her no
   longer.  I watched the sticky mess stretch down until it touched my closed
   lips.  We were connected by the special strand.

   It just kept comming.   More and more oozed out  and fell on my  mouth.  I
   could feel the  warm syrup start  to coat my  lips.   I moved my head from
   side to side so that more of my face became covered.

   I lifted  my  face  up and  pressed it into her pussy.   It made  the most
   erotic squishing sound I had ever heard.   I thrust my tounge as deep into
   her cunt as it would go.   I felt Linda do as Dave  had done.   I felt her
   clench her internal muscles to release more of the deep treasure to me.

   When I withdrew,  I could see countless threads of cum stretching from her
   crotch to my face.  For the first time since Linda positioned herself over
   me,  I opened my mouth and began to lick up as much of the cum as I could.
   I even stuck my fingers into her to  retrieve as much  cum as  I could and
   then I would lick  and suck at my  fingers.   I wanted it all  over me.  I
   spread it all over my lips and face and all over her pussy.

   As I continued to play  with the drippy liquid,  it began to  get thicker.
   Whenever I would  lift  my  face  from  Linda's  crotch,  we  would remain
   connected by white threads  of cum.   My lips would resist  opening due to
   the slick white seal that had formed.   Every time I would  spread Linda's
   cunt lips,  I could see that her opening was spaned by thin strands of the
   sticky juice.

   Although  I was certainly enjoying  what  I  was  doing  to  Linda,  I was
   desperate  for  some  attention  to  my   own  needs.    I  would  not  be
   dissapointed.

   Linda was hard at work licking my pussy and thrusting her  tounge  into me
   when all of a sudden,  she stopped.   Before I could react, she was off of
   me and I could feel myself being turned around.   I opened my eyes and saw
   Linda next to me and Dave between my  legs.   He looked deep  into my eyes
   and  said  nothing.   We both sensed that  he was  waiting for permission.
   Without the question being asked,  I said, "Oh yes.  Oh yes.  I want it in
   me.  Fuck me."

   I felt my body yield to the welcome invasion.   I was instantly  filled up
   with the glorious  cock.   My  cunt gushed with  approval.  The sensations
   caused by his thrusting were nothing short of sensational.

   Faster and faster he went.  Deeper and deeper he plunged.

   Linda  ran her tongue  along his shaft until  her  lips  closed  around my
   clitoris.  She lifted it up with her persed lips and began sucking me.

   I was in exctasy.

   I was also about to come.

   And came I did.   The shudder started at my hips causing them to jerk dowm
   into  the couch.   Then my  groin  thrust  upward.   My  friends continued
   undaunted.   Internally  I contracted just at  the moment  Dave had almost
   pulled out of me.  My spasm pushed him out, followed by an obvious gush of
   my cum.  It instantly covered Linda's face.

   Dave immediately returned his member to deep  inside me accompanied  by an
   erotically  wet noise.  Linda stopped her licking as her husband continued
   his motions with even more determination.   Together we moved as  one at a
   feverish pace as I continued to come.

   At the creshendo of my excitement,  I felt Dave tense.   Immediately I was
   filled with  the warm wet  sensation of his  cum inside my body.   We kept
   moving until we both collapsed with a final gasp.

   I rose up on my elbows and Linda and I looked  down  at  Dave's cock still
   inside me.   Linda lightly pushed Dave back and we all stared at the sight
   of Dave's penis slowly withdraw from my cunt.  It was covered with a slick
   shiney mixture of mutual cum that thrilled us all.

   Once out of me, we watched his dripping and firm (but no longert so erect)
   cock fall against his balls.

   We all sighed simultaneously.   I looked up at him and said,  "So.  Do you
   still think I am a prude?"

--
