                      The Meeting
                     by Moon Knight
 
 My name is Mark Specter, and I am about to relate an
incident which occurred the other day.  But first, a little about
myself.  I am 25 years old, 6'2", and 190 lbs.  I used to be a
varsity wrestler, went through the Navy SEAL program, was honora-
bly discharged, and now I work for the private sector.  My inter-
est in B/D and D/S came about at a fairly early age, probably
when I started wrestling, but when is not really important, is
it?
 
 Last Friday, I was at one of my favorite local establish-
ments, a bar called Samantha's (for those of you in DC, it's down
in the DuPont Circle/Farragut North area).  Now there is nothing
special about this bar, the drinks are expensive, the staff is
barely amiable, and the music has been getting progressively
worse, but the people that will fit into this bar on a Friday
night would amaze the greatest statistician; wanna-be-yuppies
plague this establishment like the rats found outside of Sibly
Hospital.  Now I don't mean to knock either the yuppies or the
rats, the world wouldn't be any better without them, and without
the weekly infestation of yuppies, I wouldn't have any fun.
 
 The crowd on this particular night was, as always,
dressed for success and extremely thirsty.  I sat in the corner
and watched as a small group of people consumed pitcher after
pitcher of draft.  (I am not a heavy drinker because it tends to
affect my sexual performance:  I get extremely horny, and keep an
erection for hours, even the tightest of virgin-cunts has had
trouble getting me to spill my load while I'm drunk.)  Out of the
corner of my eye, I noticed her.  She was magnificent.  I noticed
the blonde hair and blue eyes, but what really interested me was
her outfit.  She was all in black leather:  black leather mini,
black leather jacket, opened enough to see the black silk cami-
sole underneath, black leather shoes...you get the picture,
right?  She had been part of the group that was inhaling some
politically incorrect beer.  I was amazed that I didn't notice
her earlier (mistakes like that can get you killed in the Navy),
but made up for that mistake by not taking my eyes off her for
the rest of the night.  I caught her glance a couple of times and
had my smiles returned.  "Good," I thought, "she knows I am in
play."
 
 I grabbed a waiter (not an easy thing to do on Friday
night's) and had him deliver a "sex-on-the-beach" drink to her.
I watched from my position as he brought the drink to her.  I
read their lips, but I didn't have to, I knew exactly what she
asked when the waiter pointed in my direction.  I raised my drink
to her, smiled and winked at her, and took a long sip.  She
started to walk over, an absolute goddess whose smiling face
stirred a hunger in my groin.  I had her, and I knew it.
 
 We talked until closing, actually until after closing.  I
know the managers, and they usually let me stay until they are
ready to leave.  Her group had left her (not very friendly of
them), she didn't drive, and the buses had already stopped run-
ning.  I offered her a ride home (well, what would *you* do?)
 
 Our conversation continued on the drive back, and somehow
the discussion turned to a sexual nature.  I knew from the
clothes she wore, the way she acted, and from the stuff she had
confessed to trying and liking, that she had had some type of
training, so I pressed her on this issue.  I explained to her
that I was a Master, had trained several slaves, including the
one currently under my tutelage, and was impressed by her ac-
tions.  She explained that she was a Masterless slave, he failed
to heed her use of the safe word one night, and she left him.  As
we pulled up outside her house, I asked her how far her training
had gone.  I felt my cock harden by her reply, "Not far enough."
 
 Years of experience have told me to always keep some
essentials in the car.  I always have a fully packed suitcase
with a change of clothes (both casual and formal attire) and some
spare personal hygiene necessities.  I also keep a fully stocked
toy bag (some of the toys can even be used with vanilla-sex
women).  As she opened the door and beckoned me inside, I could
not help but smile as I grabbed my bag.
 
 I had no sooner walked through the door when she attacked
me with a kiss.  Now normally this is a bad move, and is reason
for a spanking, but Jennifer was one of the few people I've met
who *know* how to kiss.  Our tongues probed each other's mouth
with more passion than frenzy.  My tongue slid across her teeth
and touched the roof of her mouth.  She moaned and melded her
body to mine.  I reached behind her, caressed the back of her
thigh and worked my  way up to her ass.  No underwear...'GOOD
slave' I thought to myself, 'this may work out after all.'  My
hand penetrated her ass-crack and felt the heat and moisture
being generated by her snatch.  I took one finger, spread her
pussy lips to gather some lubricant and massaged it around her
rectum trying to get it slick enough to insert a finger.  Another
deep moan, more heat and more wetness.  I repeated this process
several more times, always getting the same results.
 
 It didn't take long for her to get wet enough to take my
finger, or anything else I wanted to use, without difficulty.
She was panting, moaning, and her legs kept buckling underneath
her.  I was getting turned on by her reactions to my touch, but I
grew tired of supporting her weight, and I wanted to see her
bound and spread out.  I broke the embrace, made sure that she
wasn't going to fall over, and told her to strip.  "Remove your
clothes.  I want you to assume the proper position and present
yourself to me.  I am going to examine your pussy, your ass, and
your breasts to make sure they meet with my approval and expecta-
tions.  You look like you have a great body, I hope I am not
disappointed."
 
 She eagerly replied, "Yes, sir.  You will not be disap-
pointed, I promise."
 
 Now I know she didn't know about my military background,
but you don't want to call an ex-Navy Lieutenant "SIR."  Bad move
on her part.  I explained my position and dislike for that word,
told her that if she ever uses it again in my presence she would
be punished, and again told her to continue stripping.  As she
removed her jacket, she asked (as I had expected and hoped for)
"Well what should I call you...Mark, Mr. Spectre, none of those
seem adequate for the situation...Master?  Would you like me to
call you Master?"
 
 "You have lots to learn Jennifer.  You are right about
the Mark and Mr. Spectre being completely wrong for this situa-
tion, and Master would usually suffice, but not for me.  When I
am teaching you to act and behave like a sub, you will call me
Teacher.  At all other times you will refer to me as Moon Knight.
NOW, from this point on, you are not to ask any more questions.
I am, like yourself, extremely horny, and the sight of your cunt-
juices running down your leg is not helping my limited patience
at all.  Do you understand slut?"
 
 "Yes s...teacher."
 
 "Good slave.  Now present yourself."
 
 When she had finished removing her clothes and stood
before me, I needed to steady myself to keep from falling.  She
was so beautiful, and I was so horny and excited that the blood
supply to my brain was rerouted straight to my dick.  I had never
felt this hard or this big.  Her legs were muscled and toned to
perfection, they looked almost sculpted.  Not one once of fat or
cellulite could be seen on her body.  Her silky thighs curved
into the nicest heart-shaped ass I could ever remember seeing.
Her perfectly trimmed muff exposed her pouting lips and enlarged
clit, and didn't hide the fact that she was dripping with excite-
ment.  When I saw her breasts, I almost lost my load.  Two golden
round mounds with nipples hard, extended, pointing skyward and
begging for me to suck on them.
 
 I suppressed my urge to fuck her right then and there, I
wanted to have some fun first.  I grabbed the bag and we headed
for her bedroom.  My heart leapt when I noticed the four poster
bed...yea, now the *fun* begins.  I had her undress me and was
pleased when she finished without arousing me any further.  Her
former Master might have been a pinhead, but he taught her to
follow orders perfectly.  When she was finished, she stood before
me, legs spread and head bowed.
 
 "What would you have me do now teacher?"
 
 "Now slut, I am going to tie you to the bed, blindfold
you, and teach you a lesson of anticipation and frustration.
Nothing I do during this session will cause you any pain, but
from now on, our safeword is 'Safeword' (and be sure to capital-
ize it like that too).  When you say this word, I will stop
whatever I am doing to you and release you if you are bound.  Do
not be afraid to use the word if you feel that you are in any
physical danger, I will never punish you for using it.  Do you
understand this, and are you ready for your first lesson?"
 
 "Yes teacher, I understand and believe that you would not
do anything to hurt me.  I want to learn as much as I can, and to
be honest with you, I am strongly attracted to you.  You are much
more handsome, and far better built than any of my previous
Masters, and your kisses turn me on.  You are an incredible
kisser.  I want you to take my body in whatever manner pleases
you.  If you want to fuck my mouth, my cunt, or my ass...do not
hesitate.  I have experience in all these areas and know that you
would be pleased.  I am not stupid, and can tell by your erection
and the look in your eyes that you want me just as much.  Bind
me, blindfold me, do whatever you want...as long as I can feel
your cock erupt inside my body, I will be happy."
 
 I thought about proposing to her right then and there,
but figured that my decision-making ability was impaired due to
lack of oxygenated blood to the brain.  I opened the bag, grabbed
some rope and secured her arms and legs to the bedposts.  If
words could describe how I felt to have this beauty spread-eagled
awaiting me...for the second time that night, I mentally ran
through the Carolina League baseball teams to keep my mind off my
impending orgasm...Prince William Cannons, Durham Bulls...Once I
was in control again, I grabbed a small anal vibrator from the
bag smeared some of Jennifer's natural lubricant over it and
slowly inserted it in her ass.  I did not turn the power on yet
because I thought that if she was as close as I was, that would
throw her over the edge and I didn't want her there yet.  The
vibrator slid easily into place, and Jennifer started bouncing on
the bed, trying to fuck herself harder.  I had more trouble
keeping my balance on that bed, than I had keeping my balance on
a Patrol boat, running waves at forty miles an hour off the coast
of Panama.  This setup was not going to work, I had to do some-
thing.
 
 I got a couple of pillows from the couch, and place them
underneath her until her bonds were taught, the vibrator and her
ass were off the bed, and she couldn't get enough leverage to
move.  Her head, back, and ass were about 9 inches above the
mattress exposing her pussy and filled asshole to me.  I knelt
between her legs and kissed/licked her thighs.  She groaned
deeply and fought against her bonds, trying to wrap her legs
around my head and pull me inside.  The bonds held.  The smell of
her juices was intoxicating...it penetrated my body and grabbed
me firmly by my balls, coaxing and convincing me to just fuck
her...Prince William Cannons, Frederick Keys...could not lose
control now.  I turned the power of the vibrator on low, felt it
hum softly, and watched as Jennifer's pussy and asshole contract-
ed from the sensations.  Her breathing quickened, and her moaning
became more constant.  Her orgasm was building, but it was still
a little ways off...I was going to get her closer, but she
wouldn't have it until I wanted her to.
 
 I got off the bed, grabbed some nipple clips from the
bag...I've got the kind where you can adjust the amount of pres-
sure they exert, thank you JT Toys...walked around to where I had
a better angle on those tits, and asked Jennifer if she was
enjoying herself yet.  She moved her head, but all that came from
her mouth was a long "Uuuunnnngggghhhh."  I took it as a yes.
She was blindfolded and couldn't tell where I was or what I was
doing, and naturally jumped when I took a breast and nipple into
my mouth.  I circled her nipple with my tongue, getting it harder
and harder each time.  Then I sucked her tit into my mouth,
making sure that her nipple ran between and over my teeth.

 "Fuck me, please teacher.  I am getting close to cumming,
I want to feel you inside me."

 "Not yet slave.  You still have a lesson to learn, remem-
ber?  If you are getting too close, I can help you with that."
 
 I managed to place both clips on at the same time, and
she screamed at the pain she now felt.  I waited, no safeword.
Did she forget it already?  A glance towards her cunt confirmed
that, nope, she didn't forget.  She was so excited that she was
forming a little puddle on the bedsheet from her cunt-juices.  I
increased the pressure a little...there that would work for
awhile...luckily for her I couldn't stand much more either.
 
 I watched intently as her body recognized the pain and
the pleasure searing through her body.  I again knelt between her
legs, her smell taking hold of my thoughts once again...I had to
taste her.  My tongue split her swollen, moist lips.  The taste
of her pussy was as intoxicating as her smell.  I began fucking
her with my tongue, feeling her smooth insides ripple from the
small electric current.  I sucked the juices from her hole and
ran my tongue around her clit.  I never actually touched her
clit, I only wanted to bring her to the brink of orgasm, not
over.
 
 She was getting very close, her moans and gasps becoming
more and more continuous.  I was not ready for her to have satis-
faction yet, she still had more of the lesson to learn, so I
removed the anal vibrator and the nipple clips.  As I massaged
her nipples to get the blood flowing again, she realized the pain
that had been clouded by her building orgasm.  I also removed the
pillows from underneath her back.  Still blindfolded and bound,
she just lay on the bed waiting.
 
 I had her wait while I cleaned off the toys...I really
didn't need to clean them now, but this little chore helped me to
suppress the boiling feeling I was experiencing in my balls.
When I came back to the bed, Jennifer's breathing had become more
normal and she looked like her orgasm had started to subside.
 
 "Jennifer?"
 
 She jumped at the sound of my voice, "Yes, teacher?"
 
 "You are doing well with your lesson, but, I want to
experience your oral talents.  If you do something I don't like,
or which hurts, like *too* much teeth, you will be punished.  The
punishment will change each time, hence your partial training of
anticipation."
 
 I was about to ask her if she agreed, but she tilted her
head back and opened her mouth.  I placed a pillow under her
neck, walked to the head of the bed and circled her lips with the
head of my dick.
 
 Now it was my turn to gasp.  She sucked me in and down
her throat in one motion, held me there and began to hum...the
sensations emanating from my dick were intense, and I began to
fuck her mouth.  I would pull my cock out almost all the way and
she would suck me back down her throat.  On my next thrust, I
pulled all the way out, trying to make it look like an accident,
and reached down to pinch her clit.  She shrieked and asked me if
she did something wrong.  Wrong?  this girl was giving me the
best blowjob I'd *ever* had, her technique was perfect, but she
wasn't learning anticipation...I had to punish her at least once.
I didn't reply to her question, I just placed my dick near her
mouth.  Again, she took me in and down her throat.
 
 I couldn't last any longer, I wanted to fuck her.  I took
her blindfold off, removed her bonds and had her kneel on the
bed.  I went over to the bag, grabbed a condom (I play, but I
play SAFE) and my large anal vibrator and some KY-Jelly.  I
smeared the jelly over the vibrator, worked two fingers into her
ass to get her ready, then inserted the artificial cock entirely
up her hole.  She gasped as she felt herself being filled.
 
 I turned the power on low while she unwrapped the condom
and placed it over my enlarged member.  I smeared the condom with
KY, and placed the head against her opening.  I slid the head in
and began to fuck her with just the head.  The frustration was
building in both of us, so I turned the power on high and buried
myself in her snatch.  What happened next can only be described
as spontaneous combustion...her brain recognized the increase in
power about the same time I buried myself to my balls...that was
all it took for Jennifer to start a multiple series of
orgasms...I lasted through the first series, then the combination
of her muscle contractions and the vibrations on my dick from the
vibrator brought me to my explosion.  It started from deep within
my balls, growing and building.  I was trying to concentrate on
holding on a little while longer, but everytime I pumped into
her, my balls slapped against her...I finally erupted inside her.
I had never had that powerful an orgasm, nor shot that much juice
before, and was hoping that the condom held.  We found out about
three minutes later, when her spasms stopped, that it had.
 
 We slept together that night, Jennifer and I locked in an
embrace, dreaming of the night's adventures.  I woke her early
the next morning with a cup of coffee and a glass of juice.  I
had already made breakfast, but she would have to earn the right
to eat it first...and right now, I wanted a shower.
