Archive-name: Family/megan.txt
Archive-author: Steve Jensen
Archive-title: Megan and her Dad


Megan was 11 when John and his wife dad split up.  He had moved out of state,
and even though he had really wanted to see Megan and he had visitation
rights, there was just not enough money for a ticket.  That wasn't a problem
anymore, though, because his work had finally paid off.  He had a beach front
house at Malibu, a brand new 944 in the garage and, most of all, had sent
Megan a first-class round trip ticket to come see him for three weeks over the
summer break.

As he waited nervously at the gate, the door finally opened and people started
exiting the plane.  It had been four years since he had seen his daughter --
what would she look like now?  He wondered if she would blame him for leaving
even though it was always clear that it was never his idea.   He didn't have
to wait long -- she was one of the first off the plane.

She was really different than John had remembered.  She was much taller, her
pretty blonde hair had grown out, her figure was now that of a young woman.
She wore a tight cotton blouse that accentuated her nicely developing breasts.
It matched nicely with a very short levi skirt that presented her thighs as
they gave way to her long, luscious female legs.  He marveled at how she had
grown and, at the same time, was feeling guilty about the way he was
evaluating his own daughter but had little chance to reflect before her cries
of "Daddy!" preceded her running up and throwing her arms around his neck.  No
worries about how she felt about him now, she thought.

On the way from the airport, Megan chattered constantly.  She talked about
school and boys; her mom, boys, girlfriends, boys, how neat his car was and
how neat some boys were.  John could understand how boys would be crazy about
her -- she was very pretty by anyone's standards.  But Meg was definitely boy
crazy - - something she had, no doubt, picked up from her mother.


"I can't wait to get to the beach, Daddy!", Megan said as they pulled into the
driveway,  "I bought a new bathing suit just for here."  It wasn't long until
Megan was standing before him is what had to be the scantiest bikini that he
had seen... and he lived at the beach.  A string bikini, it was almost the
same color as her skin and it didn't take much imagination to visualize her
without it there at all.  John quickly debated whether he should protest her
wearing it out but decided that it wouldn't do for him to come off as a
heavy-handed father right away.  After all, it had been four years since they
had been together.

As the first couple days of Megan's visit went by, John kept catching himself
with feelings he didn't understand.  He was frequently getting erections while
in Megan's presence.  He kept debating in his mind whether she was a virgin
and imagining her doing it with a boy.  And he really questioned if Megan was
intentionally trying to flirt with him or if it was just innocent teenage
sexiness showing through.

On the third night of her stay, Megan and her Dad sat on the couch in the
living room and watched the surf crash against the beach below.  "I thought
you would have a girlfriend by now," Megan told her father, "I mean a rich,
good looking bachelor like yourself, I kinda expected all these women.  You
aren't keeping them away because of me, are you?"

"I just haven't had a lot of time for women, baby," he told her, "But I do
manage to go out once in a while," he added.

"What's she like?," she Megan asked her dad.

"Who?," he asked.

"The girl that you're getting it on with.  Like, you gotta be doin' it with
somebody -- nobody can hold out forever," Megan teased.

John was not quite sure how to react.  He was not comfortable discussing sex
with his 15-year-old daughter, but then maybe he should.  Somebody would have
to sooner or later, he thought... maybe this was her way of bringing up the
subject for discussion. "Well, I have friends and all, dear," he explained "is
there something in particular that I can tell you about or explain for you
about, uh, sex or whatever?"

"Gee, like it's not like I'm a virgin or anything," she told her father, "not
since the seventh grade, anyway," she added matter- of-factly.

John felt a wave of heat and then a chill cover his body.  He knew the answer
now.  She had done it with a boy.  He didn't understand the feeling he was
getting, one that was causing him to achieve an erection.  He knew that he was
entering a dangerous area with this conversation, but he couldn't help
himself.  He wanted to see if Megan would talk about her experience.  "Oh,
you've had sex with a boy then?," he asked, hoping the shaking in his voice
wasn't showing through.

Megan shifted in place on the couch so that now she was facing him and not the
window.  As she turned, her short denim skirt slid up her tanned thighs.  The
way she was sitting, he could see right up between her thighs to a pair of
light blue panties. He began to sweat as he thought about what was under that
those thin panties.  "Boys, plural," she corrected "after all, I don't exactly
live on the moon, you know.  But I don't really like boys my age unless they
are really, really cute. Because they just rush through, do it, and then blab
to everybody how great they were."

John was having a little trouble catching his breath.  Maybe if he just
pretended that Meg wasn't his daughter, he could hold this conversation with
her.  It was getting him terribly excited. "I can see where that would be a
problem.  So you have older guys that you do it with then?  What kind of stuff
do you do?  Where do you go?"

Megan went on to tell her dad about the guy who was 23, her friends brother,
who she did it with when she stayed overnight with a friend.  She snuck into
his room after her friend fell asleep.

And she talked about camp last year, where she would have gone again this year
if she hadn't come to see him instead.  She had managed to get it on with a
counselor who was 19 and in college. They did it at first in the camp bus and
then out in the woods on a blanket.

As she related her experiences, John's sexual excitement intensified.  He had
to frequently gasp for breaths.  He felt his erection stiffen as Meg chatted
on.  And then she noticed his hard-on.

"Gee, daddy, I have gotten you all excited," she said. "Least I could do is
take care of that for you," she offered.

"Baby, we really shouldn't even be talking like this.  I am your dad and what
we are doing is not right.  Even thinking about it isn't right," he told her.

"Daddy, I know girls that do it with their dads.  I mean, like, I have done it
with guys that I didn't really even like just because they were cute.  So what
is wrong with doing it with my Daddy who I love.  And, in case you're
wondering, I am on the pill."

"But darling, uh," he protested vainly.  It would do no good. She knew he was
sexually aroused and now she was going to pursue the matter.  "Maybe if we
just keep talking.  Maybe I could do it to myself, masturbate, and you could
watch, if you want to."

"I could do a strip show for you... I did it for these boys when I was in the
8th grade.  It was a blast."

John was too far gone to say anything more in protest.  He knew now that he
was going to have some sort of sexual encounter with his beautiful teenage
daughter, it was just a matter of how far it would go.  "Let's go in my
room... someone could see in the window from the beach," he told her.

She led the way, and the sight of her firm round buns inside her short denim
skirt made him even hotter.  When they reached his room, she turned on the
stereo, adjusted the track lighting and stood in front of the mirrored sliding
closet doors.  As John sat on the bed, she started to swing her hips from side
to side and dance in a grinding rhythm.  She reached down to the bottom of her
skirt and slowly slid it up her long legs.  When she had it almost up to her
crotch she grinned and turned slowly around giving him a long look at her
lucious, tanned thighs, before raising it all the way to her waist so that her
dad had a nice view of the light blue cotton bikini panties underneath.

She slipped one hand under her panties and it became obvious to John from the
movement she was making that she was fingering herself.  With the other hand,
she unbuttoned her blouse, exposing her developing titties to her father.
While she fingered herself with one hand, she pinched her nipple with the
other, her pelvis undulating to the music.  The outright lewdness had gotten
John so hot that he didn't even notice that he was rubbing his crotch in front
of the girl.

"Stand up, Daddy," she told him, now standing directly in front of him.  As he
stood, she grasped both sides of the wasteband of his shorts and pulled them
and his jockey shorts down.. His huge member stood straight out, waving
uncontrollably.   She then backed up a couple of steps and slowly slipped her
denim skirt off over her thighs while still moving her hips to the music.

As John lay back on the bed, his cock aching from the prolonged erection, he
told his daughter with only half the required enthusiasm, "You know, baby, we
shouldn't be doing this.  You are not old enough for any man, least of all
your father."  Inside he really hoped she wouldn't listen.  She didn't.

Standing by the bed, she removed her blouse completely, giving him full view
of her small, round orange-sized breasts.  She sat next to him now clad only
in her blue bikini panties, so tight that he could see the outline of her
mound between her legs.  "So what if we do it, Daddy?  "Like I said, I've done
it with boys I didn't even like -- and I love you.  Just pretend I am some
chick you picked up somewhere, if it makes you feel better, and do everything
you want to me.  Tell me what you want me to do to you -- anything!"  Megan
had reached over, ignoring her dad's mild protests, and started gently
caressing his balls.

"You are not the only Dad that does it with his daughter, you know.  I have
friends that do it with their dad all the time. And besides, it isn't like
it's your idea, you are being seduced by a horny 15-year-old.  What man can
resist that?", she asked.

"Let me see your cunt then, Megan.  Pull your panties off and straddle my face
so I can look at your pussy and see how my little girl has grown... and where
boys have fucked her," John panted, now giving way to a wave of incestuous
lust that was about to overcome him.

Megan stood, and with a sly grin slipped the panties down over her hips.  John
gasped at the sign of her clean-shaven pussy.  Megan put one foot up on the
bed, shifting her weight to the other and using a hand to spread her slit
apart.  She ran the tip of her finger slowly and obscenely in and out of her
hole.  John placed his hands on her buns and pulled her closer to him.  As she
continued to finger her hole, he worked his tongue up inside her.

Megan climaxed, shuddering in wave after wave of orgasm.  Her dad held her
cunt close to his face as her fluids gushed all over his face.  John eagerly
licked at his daughters cunt until her spasms stopped.

"Oh, god, daddy, You are so good with your tongue.  I have never felt that
good before,"  she told her dad, still catching her breath.

John laid back on the bed, now propped on his elbows.  His daughters bald clit
was glistening with his saliva and her cum. Megan, once again, started
fingering her hole while she turned her attention tho her dad's erect cock.

"Oh, daddy, that is so big!  Do you think it will fit in here?", asked Megan,
now standing on the bed with both feet astride her father.  She then dropped
to her knees, her pussy now only inches from her father's cock.

"Do your friends father's cocks fit in their cunts, baby?", asked John now
grasping for breath.  Before he knew it she was astraddle him and his cock was
touching the entrance to her hole. She began to rest herself on the head of
his cock as it slowly pushed up into her canal.  He held her up by cupping his
hands on her buns and she moved down pushing with her knees.  "You fucking
little whore!" he said as his cock deepened into his daughter's cunt.

"Fuck me, Daddy.  Make me cum.  Shoot your wad in my hole.  Give me the same
cum that you gave mommie when you started me.  Shoot it deep in my cunt!,"
Megan wailed as her father pumped wildly into her now outstretched cunt.  She
felt the head of his cock striking the back of her cunt and then the hair on
his thighs made contact with her smooth buns -- she knew he was all the way in.

Then it happened.  John's cock erupted with wild gushing fury, spewing hot
sticky load after load into the girl.  She had started cumming again.  They
continued to slam themselves wildly at each other, both entirely lost in
passion.  The sperm was now gushing out of Megans cunt and dripping obscenely
down the inside of her thighs.  A froth of white foam  circled the entrance to
her hole as John churned his semen inside his daughter.

They woke up hours later, arm in arm, naked, their bodies still entwined.  The
summer continued with the two incestuous partners sharing their bodies between
themselves as if nothing were wrong. And considering the true love between
them, who is to say that anything is wrong?

--
