Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

Mellisa's brother * (newly married brother finds things haven't
changed between him and his sister even though it's been years
since they last had sex together)

	"How's Darlene?" Derrick's sister asked.

"Fine."

"Everything still ok between you two?"

"Mostly," Derrick answered.  "We have our times you know."

"As long as you stay out of her bed she's happy, right?"

"Screw you," Derrick teased.

"Please..."she teased back.

"Don't tempt me."

Mellisa leaned forward in her chair and breathed, "Why not?
Afraid you'll have to do it?"

Derrick stood up and walked to the kitchen.  "No, " he yelled
from the other room.  "I'm afraid I'd want to do it."

Mellisa walked into the kitchen behind him and jumped up on the
counter, her legs swinging over the edge.

"We used to do it all the time," she said as Derrick grabbed a
beer out of the refrigerator.  "Remember?"

Derrick cracked the beer and drank deeply, "Ya, I remember."

"You used to like it then."

"That's my point," Derrick commented.  "I'm not sure a part of
me still wouldn't....oh, nevermind."

"Wouldn't what?" Mellisa asked as she jumped off the counter and
grabbed the beer from her brothers hand.  Carefully she sat it
down.  "A part of you still wouldn't mind fucking me?"

"God Mellisa, don't talk like that," he said as he turned to go
back to the livingroom.

Mellisa grabbed his hand and held him from leaving.

 "Derrick," she said looking deep into his eyes,  "do you still
want to fuck me?"

"Yes," Derrick admitted flatly.

Mellisa raised her lips to his and kissed him softly.  "Remember
how good it felt to have your cock inside me?" she whispered in
his ear.

"Mellisa, I'm married now," he answered.

"Remember how you used to pull my hair and fuck me up the ass
until you were cumming so hard it would hit me clear up on my
shoulders?"

"Jesus Mellisa," Derrick panted as he grabbed her and held her
against him.  "I've missed you so much."

"Take me to the bedroom and fuck me, Derrick," she panted.

"Yes," he replied as he picked her up in his arms and carried
her to the bedroom.

"Did you fuck Darlene last night?" Mellisa asked as he laid her
on the bed.

"Yes," Derrick said as he began to unbutton her blouse.

"Where did you do it?"

"Over there," he said motioning with his head to the corner of
the room where there was a small nightstand.

"What was she wearing?" Mellisa panted as she began to unbutton
her brothers jeans.

"Black silk stockings and a black bra, why?"

"Where are they?"

Derrick had her blouse open now and was working on her bra when
she stopped him, "Not yet, Derrick.  Where are her stockings?"

"I don't know, under the bed probably."

Mellisa wiggled out from under him and got on the floor looking
for the clothes.  Pulling out a pair of wrinkled stocking and a
black lace bra Mellisa asked, "Are these them?"

"Ya," he said as he laid on his back and watched her.

"Just a sec, Derrick," she told him as she went into the
bathroom.

Carefully Mellisa put on the stockings and bra, after taking off
her clothes and leaving them on the bathroom floor.  When she
walked back out into the room, Derrick had his clothes off and
was laying on the bed stroking his hard cock.  

"Oh my God," he breathed as he saw his sister filling out the
clothes much better than his wife.

"Oh god, Derrick," Mellisa said looking at his thick shaft.  "I
can't wait to have you in me.  Now fuck me like you fucked
Darlene last night."

Derrick got off the bed and led her to the little table in the
corner.  "Bend over and grab the table," he told her.

Obediently Mellisa did and looked behind her as her brother
pulled her stocking down to mid thigh.

"Fuck your sister!" she told him.  "Fucking give your sister
that big dick of yours!!!"









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....