  .... Traveling is no excuse young lady.  You had plenty 
of free time when you
could have sat down and written a short note.  You have 
been naughty and you
certainly do need a spanking.  I care for you too much to 
let you be so lax in
your social manners.
   Now you march right to the bedroom.  I will join you in 
exactly two minutes.
When I do, young lady, I expect to find you laying face 
down on the bed with a
pillow under your waiste, your skirt pulled all the way 
up, and your panties and
pantyhose  down to the backs of your knees.  And, you may 
stop in the bathroom
on your way to pick up the hairbrush.  Exactly two 
minutes, young lady, do you
understand me? Now march!
Any more nonsense and I am getting the strap!
   .....Now sweetheart you know why you deserve this. I 
want you to tell me why,
then I am going to spank you - first with my hand, then 
with the hairbrush.
Thats a good girl. Now tell me why else. Tell me, young 
lady! Do I have to give
you the strap?  Thats much better.  Now
don't you feel better that you told me everything?  I am 
going to spank you now.
  Try to get some good out of it, and remember what it's 
for.
   ...SPANK, SPANK, SPANK, SPANK
You've been a naughty, naughty girl
   ...SMACK SMACK , no time to write?
   ...SLAP, SLAP,SLAP, naughty, lazy social graces
 Naughty girls get spanked!
   ...First we'll spank this side,SMACK,then this side, 
SMACK, now
back on this side, SPANK SPANK SPANK,
now this side, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK,
oh my, the bottom of your seat isn't
even red yet, let's see, SMACK, SMACK, SPANK SPANK SPANK 
SPANK SPANK SPANK!!
  Oh my, we're not so saucy now are we,
young lady?  Let's see if the hairbrush will help warm up 
the backs of those
legs.  Then we'll smack that naughty bottom till lit 
glows.
  Bad girl! SPANK SPANK Don't you ever pull a trick like 
that again. I've got a
good mind to take this brush up and down your spank spot 
for five minutes if I
don't start hearing some apologies.
SMACK  SMACK  SMACK Are you going to ever do that again?  
SLAP, CRACK WHACK,
SPANK SPANK WHAP WHAP WHAP SLAP CRACK
SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK
 ..... OK, its all over sweetheart. You are forgiven. I 
know you mean it.  I
know you won't ever do it again. It's OK to
have a good cry.  You'll feel a whole lot better.  You 
know that you've paid for
all your naughtyness now.  Here,
sit on my lap and let me rock you and stroke your head, 
and kiss away your
tears, and tell you how much I love you.

               much love,

                 uncle billy
