Archive-name: Changes/melissa2.txt
Archive-author: Linda Lafrance   (c) 1989
Archive-title: Melissa - 2


          Missy had not met Aunt Mary before.  She was Missy's
Stepmother's sister, and Missy had never met anyone from that
side of the family.  So Missy had no idea what to expect when he
arrived at Aunt Mary's large, remote house.  And it was probably
better for him that he didn't.
          Aunt Mary didn't like males.  Unlike many women who
could not relate to living in a "man's" world, however, Aunt Mary
resolved long ago that she would DO something about it.  Over the
years she had developed a regimen for converting the macho male
ego into a submissive, feminine personality.  She knew how to do
it--she had done it many times before--and she was about to do it
again.
          Melissa was met at the door by two girls, each wearing
the "classic" uniform of a french maid:  black satin, lace
trimmed, short skirted uniforms, black patent leather pumps,
aprons, caps, and cuffs.  But more than that, the two girls were
feminine in the extreme, with beautiful long hair, artful makeup,
and totally girlish deamnors.  Missy's Stepmother left him in the
vestibule, and immediately began the return trip home.  The
maids, Angel and Daisy, led a cowed, silent Melissa to a large
bedroom on the second floor of the house, and immediately
undressed him.  The two maids could not have been more than a few
years older than Melissa, and he was reluctant to appear naked
before them.  But when Melissa tried to cover himself with his
hands, Angel stepped behind him and firmly grasped his wrists. 
Now defenseless, Melissa stood quietly as Daisy moved slowly
towards him, hips swaying beneath her abbreviated black satin
dress, and teasingly manipulated Melissa's penis until it stood
out straight and hard.  "What's this little girl?", she whispered
as she continued to tease the restrained Melissa.  But as her
touch brought Melissa closer and closer to orgasm, Daisy took a a
pink ribbon, tied it around the base of the Melissa's frustrated
erection and used it as a leash to lead Melissa into the
bathroom.
          "Into the tub, dear," said Daisy.  Melissa followed her
instructions and stood in the bathtub only to be covered with a
depilatory and ordered to stand still while it's work was done. 
Following a shower to remove the cream, and then a perfumed
bubble bath, Melissa was led back into his girlishly appointed
bedroom to be dressed by the maids.  While he wasn't looking
forward to donning more girl's clothing, he was sorely
disappointed that there was not more to wear.
          Angel picked up a lacy, frilled pink garter belt and
wrapped it about Melissa's waist, while Daisy prepared sheer pink
hose for his legs.  The young she-boy was then seated at a vanity
where the two maids applied a thorough covering of makeup,
including thick black mascara, eyeshadow, foundation, lipstick,
and blusher.  Long pink nails were glued to his fingertips, and
Melissa's longish blonde hair was wrapped in a silly top knot
above his head with a wide pink satin ribbon.  Four inch pink
heels were placed upon his feet, and he was liberally perfumed. 
As the crowning glory, Daisy withdrew a pink, lacy sheath, with a
wide "petticoat skirt" which was secured tightly around the base
of Melissa's penis.  The pink ribbon was again attached, this
time around his balls, and Melissa was understandably shocked
when the maids began to lead him from the room.
          "I can't leave here like this!" he complained.  They
were the first words he had spoken during the entire ordeal. 
Daisy sweetly responded "Why of course you can Missy....you've
been dressed just as your Aunty ordered."  Despite Melissa's
brief struggle, the maids brought him down to meet Aunt Mary for
the first time.
          Melissa stumbled into the living room on his unfamiliar
heels.  As he entered, an older woman rose from a chair with a
wide smile on face.  "Well, well.....Melissa dear, I'm so pleased
to meet you!" she exclaimed, and walked over to the sissifed boy. 
She took the pink ribbon reins from Angel and gazed down into
Melissa's eyes.  "Do you know why you're here Melissa?" she asked
as she pulled the ribbon tightly.
          Melissa/Michael reached for the ribbon to relieve the
tension created by Aunt Mary's tug, but was stopped by Angel and
Daisy, who grabbed his wrists and pulled them behind his back.   
       "That was a mistake Missy darling,"  Aunt Mary stated. 
"You've got a lot to learn, and the very first lesson is that you
DO NOT EVEN THINK of opposing me in anything I wish to do!  And
if I wish to CUT THIS DAMN THING OFF, I'll do as I please!"  And
with that she yanked the ribbon causing Missy to cry out and fall
to his knees.  Angel and Daisy maintained their grips on
Melissa's wrists, and he found himself kneeling on the floor with
the two maids holding his wrists up against the middle of his
back.  
          In school Michael had been a fair wrestler, and his
instincts told him he could escape from this hold.  His instincts
were wrong however, as he was hampered by the long nails on his
fingers.  And as soon as he started to struggle he felt his balls
practically wripped from his body by Aunt Mary's vicious tugs on
the pink ribbon attached to his scrotum.  He was quickly subdued,
with his hands cuffed behind his back, once again standing before
Aunt Mary.  "It always amazes me how the male ego forces you
people to do such stupid things, Missy honey, and you have just
done a very stupid thing.  You're here to unlearn that ego, and
I'm going to do it.  For the entire summer you'll be trained to
behave as a VERY OBEDIENT YOUNG LADY......and I stress all four
of those words.  "Very", because there will be no question about
what you have become.  "Obedient" because you will, without
question, obey me, and EVERY other woman or girl you encounter. 
"Young", because I believe you will be more subservient if your
status is not only that of a sissy girl, but of a youthful little
sissy girl.  And "lady", because you will be as feminine as you
can imagine, multiplied by 10!"  
          During this speech Melissa stood before Aunt Mary, head
down, and breathing heavily.  "Now, do you intend to cooperate,
Melissa dearie, or do I have to use additional methods to gain
your attention?"  Melissa neither moved nor responded to the
question.  "Very well sweetie, you'll learn soon enough.  Take
her over to the pedestal girls", Aunt Mary directed.
          Daisy and Angel directed Melissa over to a slightly
raised area at the end of the long room.  Although Melissa's walk
in the heels was far from satisfactory to Aunt Mary, she made no
move at present to correct it.  Melissa was seated on the
carpeted pedestal, hands still cuffed behind his back.  Daisy
reached down and pulled the lid off little trap door just at
Melissa's crotch and reached into the enclosure to pull out a
pink leather and small link chain contraption which she promptly
locked around Melissa's scrotum, thus securely imprisoning him on
the carpeted pedestal.  Thin pink leather straps were place
around each ankle and fastened to small rings attached to the
floor.  And mirrors were moved into place so that Melissa could
see his reflection, seated on the pink carpeted pedestal, in
hose, heels, and makeup, with his penis daintily covered by the
little slip and petticoat.
          "Do you like your new seat Missy sweets", inquired a
gloating Aunt Mary.  Melissa struggled to get up but quickly
learned that he would remain seated in that spot until someone
removed the lock on the chain coming out of the floor.  Aunt Mary
approached her seated captive and stood directly in front of him. 
"I asked a question young lady, and I expect an answer!" 
Melissa, tears beginning to form in his eyes as he saw his image
in the mirrors, moaned his negative response.  "Noooo", he whined
as the tears came more quickly.  "Well I can fix that", Aunt Mary
replied, and gestured to Daisy and Angel.
          The maids minced around behind Melissa and bent him
forward at the waist, exposing another small trap door which they
removed.  Melissa was then allowed to again sit upright.  Aunt
Mary walked over to a table and pushed a button on a remote
control device.  Within seconds Melissa started to squirm as he
felt pressure against his anus.  The pressure increased and
Melissa let out a scream as he felt the electrically operated
dildo rise out of the floor and deeply penetrate his bottom. 
Aunt Mary pushed another button and the dildo began to vibrate,
causing Melissa's penis to erect within his little pink penis
petticoat.  "I'll bet you like your seat now, don't you Missy
dear?" laughed Aunt Mary.  Melissa's tears slowly subsided as the
pleasure from Aunt Mary's treatment began to overwhelm him.  But
just as he began to reach orgasm the dildo was removed and
Melissa was left frustrated.
          Aunty Mary removed the cuffs from Melissa's wrists and
stood back in front of the dispirited boy.  "Now here are the
rules for your punishment seat, sissy Missy.  Place your elbows
at your sides and bend them at ninety degrees.  Then let your
wrists flop down......ooooohhhhh, don't you just look the
sweetest like that?  You are NOT permitted to move your arms or
hands, and you are particularly NOT to touch your little dickie! 
Indeed, so long as you are in this house you will never touch it! 
Now, you will repeat after me:  My name is Melissa, and I want to
learn to be a prissy little sissy girl.  Say it!"
          Unfortunately, Melissa was not quick enough to respond
and thus quickly learned another feature of his punishment
pedestal, as he received a small electric shock on his scrotum. 
It was not really painful, but was enough to gain his attention. 
He repeated her words, stumbling over them, and speaking in a
quiet voice.  "Not good enough girl.....you should have a nice
sweet feminine lilt to your voice.  And you should sound like you
mean it!  Try again", Aunt Mary directed.  After many tries
Melissa had the voice down to where Aunt Mary was somewhat
satisfied with his first efforts.
          And thus began Melissa's girlie training under Aunt
Mary.  The punishment pedestal became a frequent place for
Melissa to spend a large part of his day, and Aunt Mary made good
use of all of it's features.  As the days and weeks passed,
Melissa learned first to speak as a properly trained young lady. 
This included not only the proper voice, but the proper words as
well.  He was shortly talking of how he would just LOVE to wear a
pretty dress, even though during this period he never wore
anything other than his hose, heels, garter belt, "princess"
penis petticoat, makeup, and nails.  Melissa was also instructed
in the appropriate gestures for his hands, after demonstrating
that he could hold them at right angles with the wrists limp for
several hours at a time.
          He was next taught to apply makeup from this seat. 
Daisy and Angel, eager participants in Melissa's training,
brought a vanity table with short legs which was placed over
Melissa's lap, and within a matter of weeks, Melissa had
graduated to styling and curling his own hair.  Progress was not
always easy, however, especially because all of the hand
movements accompanying these tasks had to be carried out with the
utmost of feminine flair.  And when progress was slow, Aunt Mary
was quick to take corrective action until, over time, Melissa
came to learn that the initial shock received that first day was
mild compared to the full capability of the punishment pedestal. 
          On other occasions, when Melissa had created a
particularly cute look with his makeup and hair perhaps, Aunt
Mary would start up the vibrator and move it in and out, allowing
Melissa to achieve orgasm while viewing his feminine reflection
in the mirrors in front of the pedestal.  Melissa was also
required to speak in his newly learned feminine voice while Aunt
Mary manipulated the dildo.  "Ooooh......Auntie.....I just LOVE
being a girlie", he would squeal, as Aunt Mary encouraged him on. 
During these episodes she would often remind Missy that,
"Touching of your little princess of a dickie is not permitted
sissy Missy!"
          After many weeks, most of which was spent seated on the
pedestal, Melissa was allowed to begin the next part of his
training....dress and deportment.  Having already achieved a more
cooperative attitude on Melissa's part, Aunt Mary encouraged the
boy to participate in the selection of outfits from the large
wardrobe maintained in the home.  And so, about mid-way through
the summer Melissa found himself standing naked in his bedroom,
meekly asking Angel for his "little prissy princess petticoat for
my little sissy dickie", and standing modestly before her as she
put the lacy confection in place.  Aunt Mary required Melissa to
ask for each item.
          "Please Auntie, may I wear the lovely sheer pink
panties with the white lacy ruffles on the seat?", Missy
requested.
          "But of course dear, and I know you'll love them too",
responded Aunt Mary.  After donning sheer pink hose, white lace
anklets, a pink silk vest with lace and ribbon trim, the ever
present four inch heels, and a corset, Melissa found it time to
request the appropriate slip.  Throughout the entire training
period Michael/Melissa frequently experienced moments like this,
the utter humiliation of having to debase himself in this way
conflicting with the anticipation he had come to experience,
looking forward to wearing such frilly, girlish clothing.  "May I
wear the white petticoat slip also Auntie?"  "Which one pet", she
replied, "the narrow slip with the 3 inch lace border at the hem,
or the darling full crinoline petti that buttons up the back so
that you can't remove it without asking politiely?" she teased.  
        "Oh, Aunty, I think I'd like to wear the full petti
today, if I may, please?"  Such exchanges rarely left Melissa
without an erection, and the feminized boy shuddered as the stiff
petticoat was lowered over his shoulders and came in contact with
the princess dickie petti he wore.  "Which dress do you want to
wear today Missy?" asked Aunt Mary as she walked over to a large
wardrobe and opened the door to reveal twenty to thirty darling
party frocks.  
          "May I wear a pink one today please," he meekly
responded.  "Why Missy, that's the third day in a row you've
wanted to wear pink!", exclaimed Aunt Mary with a teasing lilt to
her voice and a wide, knowing smile on her face.  "Wouldn't you
like to wear a pretty yellow, or perhaps this lovely lavender
one?"  "Oh Aunty", Melissa replied,  "They are very pretty yes,
but I think I want to wear pink again........please?"  By this
time the exchange between them had caused Melissa's princess
dickie petti to dampen from his excitement, although as ordered,
he didn't even think of trying to touch it.  Indeed, he chose a
pink dress precisely because he had come to find it to be the
most likely to excite him.  "Of course, my little sissy girl, you
can wear your precious pink if you wish", Aunt Mary said with a
laugh, and she moved to the large selection of pink dresses in
the closet.  "But which one dearie.  We have such a nice choice
available."
          Melissa swished in his heels and petticoat over to the
closet and pointed to a particularly lovely little chiffon dress,
with puffed short lace trimmed sleeves, a high ruffled neck, and
three lace trimmed tiers on the short skirt.  "Why Missy honey,
you'll look like you're six years old in this pretty dress!",
Aunt Mary teased.  "But then, I guess you'd look like that
regardless of which dress you chose, wouldn't you princess?" 
Daisy and Angel lowered the dress over Missy's shoulders, being
careful not to mess the curly hairstyle he had fashioned earlier
that morning.  Now completed dressed, Melissa minced over to the
triple full length mirror which dominated one wall of the room
and completed the ritual he had learned.
          Curtseying to his image of a large, but pretty little
girl, incongruently wearing four inch heels, Melissa smiled
widely, and in his most effeminate voice looked at Aunt Mary's
reflection and exclaimed "Oooooooooh!  I'm such a pretty little
girl today!  Thank you so much for helping me be the perfect
sissy Aunt Mary!"  And with that, as his training had encouraged,
Missy came in the little princess petti while Aunt Mary, Daisy,
and Angel looked on with giggles and laughter.
          At first Missy's day in dresses consisted of further
lessons in feminine behavior.  Walking, sitting, the curtsey, and
others, were all thoroughly taught and ingrained.  No longer
attached to the wires on the pedestal, his cooperation and
attention where assured by the birches held by Angel and Daisy,
who were, like Aunt Mary, swift to encourage Missy's proper
progress.
          After several more weeks, Melissa found himself being
exposed to others, sometimes on shopping trips where, dressed in
a fashion more becoming his age, he was never detected as a boy
by any of the shop clerks in the boutiques they visited.  On
other occasions, Aunt Mary invited her friends for a visit,
several of whom had young boys in petticoat training themselves. 
Thus, Melissa learned to hostess a tea party, with perhaps four
of Aunt Mary's friends, and their darling little prissy boys as
guests.
          The ladies all enjoyed these gatherings immensely, but
the best fun occured the day these ladies brought their real
daughters along as well.  Missy and his new found "girl" friends
were dressed as French Maids for this occasion, and the daughters
had the finest time, requiring these sissy boys to provide the
most demanding maid service in the most feminine way.  Melissa
found it to be the ultimate humiliation of the summer.....to have
to stand submissively before these pretty girls who knew his true
sex, and act as a serving girl for their amusement.  "Oh Missy,
you do look adorable in that maids outfit.....and who did your
hair?  It's simply precious!",  and all the girls would giggle as
Missy would have to admit that he was so talented in feminine
arts that he had given himself a home permanent!  The afternoon
ended when each boy-maid was required to lift his skirts and
pettis and allow the girls to attach a lead to the loop in their
princess dickie pettis (which by that time were quite full with
their erections) and lead the boys to the upstairs bedrooms for
the ultimate in "maid" service.
          But if Melissa thought the humiliation of that day was
without equal, he had not counted on what would happen at the end
of the summer.     <TO BE CONTINUED>  

--
