Archive-name: Family/memories.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Memories of my Youth

                                   
     I remember visiting my cousin in upstate NY.  I hated family
reunions, but as all of us sometimes must, I endured the disgusting
ritual.  As I remember, I was 17 and the summer was 1980.  I met the
family and puked!  After the obligatory hot dogs and folks gathering
in their little groups, I started talking with my cousin Tim.  He
wanted to show me part of the farm where he worked.  He seemed so
aggressive for a thirteen year old farm boy.  I decided to test his
eager attitude by asking him if he had a girlfriend and dated.  He
boasted that he had a lot of girlfriends.  This little shit wasn't
going to spoil my fun!  So after we were out of sight from the
families I continued.  "Ever kiss. . . ever touch. . . ever see a girl
naked?"  And I simultaneously stroked his chest with my arm around
his.  His responses were short and disturbed, "Yep. . . Sure. . ."
Then, as I asked him if a girl had ever rubbed his cock, I let my hand
caress his balls with a slight squeeze.  I felt him immediately come
and could see the spurts showing through his jeans.  I told him it was
such a shame to waste that cum.
     He took off like lightning back to the house and I became scared
he was going to tell someone.  When I got to the house I found him
sitting in the kitchen by himself eating another helping of strawberry
shortcake.  I asked him if he was going to tell on me, and, with a
smile on his face, he said no.  (Okay, maybe I was foolish but I
figured what the hell)  I asked him to show me the house and
specifically the basement.  He knew what was going to happen and said
I should see the barn first.
     We reached the barn and climbed to the loft where I simply told
him that if he didn't take his jeans off, they'd just be stained
again.  He didn't want me to watch, so he covered himself with hay and
proceeded to strip.  When I saw his jeans come out from under the hay,
I moved in.
     I reached through the hay and found his cock like a missle.  I
pushed my head through the hay and gave him a quick lick.  He grabbed
the back of my head and pulled me right to his cock.  As I opened my
lips, he thrust his dick down my throat and started pumping my head
with all his might.  It was difficult for me to catch my breath, but
it didn't take long for him to start squirting gobs of cum down my
throat.  He wouldn't let go of my hair as he kept pushing deeper down.
Cum was seeping from my lips and I could feel it starting out of my
nose.  When he'd finally drained himself he let my head free.

-- 
