Archive-name: 3plus/menage.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Menage


	I'd been friends with David and Michael for several years. They 
lived in the same apartment building in which I lived, so we shared 
parties, borrowed from each other, and were generally pals. I knew I could 
count on either of them if I had a problem, and was always willing to lend 
at least an ear if one of them had a problem.

	Although both of them dated women, I suspected that they were 
lovers, though I never said anything about it to either of them, or to 
anyone else. 

	One night I came home from school to find a note under my door.

	"Come upstairs for some coffee and kahlua," was all it said, in 
David's familiar handwriting.

	I changed out of my suit (which I'd worn to work and then on to my 
night class) into jeans and sneakers. Then I went upstairs to their 
apartment, which was organized perfectly for good conversation. Surrounding 
a long coffee table were two sofas and two love seats. I stretched out on 
one of the love seats and they stretched out on the two sofas. We drank 
coffee and kahlua, talking lazily about everything and nothing. 

	Then the subject of my upcoming thirty-fifth birthday arose. 

	"What do you want for your birthday?" David asked.

	"A good lover," I moaned. "I haven't had a good lover in a long 
time."

	Michael laughed. "Shall David and I attack your body then?"

	I smiled. "No. I don't want to trade two good friends for a quick 
fuck. Even for a menage a trois with two such gorgeous creatures."

	"Did you ever do that?" David asked curiously.

	"What? Have two men at once? No. I've been with a man and a woman, 
but never two men."

	"Would you like it?" Michael asked, equally curious.

	"Sure. It's every woman's fantasy. But I think the reality probably 
wouldn't be as good as the fantasy."

	"Why?" he asked.

	"Well, as hung up as most men are about their own sexuality, they'd 
be fumbling around either trying to outdo each other, or trying desperately 
not to touch each other, so no one would suspect them of being gay. And 
that's not what I'd really want. When I fantasize about it, I'm the center 
of their attention. They're totally focused on sharing me with each other, 
in every way, and not afraid to touch each other when it's called for. But 
it's just a good fantasy, so don't go looking for a couple of guys to 
fulfill it for me."

	Michael changed the subject then.



	The next Friday night was my birthday party. After everyone had 
gone, Michael looked around at the glasses and other assorted clutter, and 
then put both arms around me.

	"You leave all this for now. Go to bed and get a good night's 
sleep. David and I will come down in the morning and help you clean up."

	I agreed, because it had been a long week and I was tired. They 
left and I took a long shower, then went to bed and fell almost instantly 
into dreamless sleep.

	The next morning they woke me up. I let them in, then went to brush 
my teeth and wash my face. When I came back, they had coffee made and were 
almost through cleaning up the mess from the night before. They made me sit 
down and drink my coffee while David finished cleaning and Michael made 
breakfast for me. I felt very cherished and loved by both of them.

	Michael started the dishwasher after putting my breakfast dishes in 
it, then he came over and pulled me to my feet.

	"We have another birthday present for you," he said teasingly.

	"What?" I asked, smiling.

	"Come on back to the bedroom and we'll show you."

	"You bought me a new vibrator, right?" I laughed, as we went back 
to the bedroom. They teased me all the time about having a Briggs and 
Stratton vibrator so heavy duty I had to have a track in the ceiling to 
hold it, one which browned out the building when I used it.

	"Something like that," David teased. "You trust both of us, right?"

	"Of course I do. You know that."

	"Enough to let us blindfold you?"

	I hesitated for just a moment. "Well, sure."

	"Good." He took a scarf from his pocket and tied it around my head. 
"Don't peek," he said.

	"I won't," I promised.

	Someone's hands were on my belt, untying it, and removing my robe. 
My breath quickened as they removed my nightgown as well. Then they were 
placing me very gently on the bed.

	"What are you doing?" I whispered.

	"We're going to fulfill a fantasy," one of them whispered. "We're 
two guys named Joe and Jim, and we're here to satisfy your deepest 
desires."

	I moaned, not knowing what to say. Then a mouth covered mine, and 
another mouth glued itself to my right nipple.

	The kiss was gentle and sweet. When his lips left mine, they 
traveled lazily over my face and then down to my other nipple. Both of them 
teased my nipples mercilessly, biting and licking until I was moaning and 
writhing under their touch.

	"Which of you is Joe and which is Jim?" I asked.

	Soft laughter was the only answer. Then one of the mouths began 
moving down my body, tracing a fiery trail down to the very center of my 
being. 

	My writhing dislodged the blindfold, but I kept my eyes closed 
anyway, enjoying the blind sensations.

	Whoever was between my legs was playing my body like a musical 
instrument, taking me up to the heights, then backing off and letting me 
fade down a little, then taking me up even higher. At last he pushed me 
over the heights and let me come. Hot fluid gushed from my body and he 
lapped it up eagerly.

	"Come and taste this," he said. "It's the sweetest pussy I've ever 
tasted in my life. You won't believe it."

	The other eagerly moved down to join him. Now both tongues were 
licking me and I arched off the bed in reaction. My eyes came half open and 
I saw them smiling at each other as they licked me, their tongues touching 
each other as they touched me. I groaned and placed a hand on each head.

	"I love you both," I moaned. "This is wonderful."

	They ate me through a dozen orgasms, with me openly watching them 
after a while, enjoying the fact that they were getting pleasure both from 
giving pleasure to me and from sharing it with each other.

	One of them had his fingers deep inside me, and then the other 
slipped a finger into my bottom. I gasped, writhing under the touch. He 
added a second finger and then a third. I groaned as my pelvis began 
jerking in time with their movements, and I came again explosively.

	David moved up to lie beside me. "Come over on top of me," he 
whispered. "I want you to ride me."

	I was afraid my legs would be too weak to do it, but with Michael's 
help, I moved on top of him and impaled myself on his long, thick cock.

	"Now lean down here and kiss me," he whispered. "Taste the sweet juices on my tongue."

	I obeyed and while I was kissing him, I felt a finger sliding into 
my bottom. Then my legs were spread wider, and the finger was replaced by 
something much bigger and harder. I gasped and closed my eyes, slumping 
down on David.

	"Oh, God," I was moaning. "Don't stop. Please don't stop. Don't 
ever stop, please, please, please. Oh, God."

	They were holding me and holding each other, and Michael leaned 
past me to kiss David, who raised his head to respond. And I turned my head 
to share the kiss, all three tongues sharing the same sweet juices.

	I rose to the highest peaks imaginable then, and the most 
incredible orgasm I'd ever had swept through me. As it faded, so did I.

	When I came to, I was still on top of David, with Michael still on 
top of me, both as slumped and drained as I felt, their eyes closed.

	"Thank you," I whispered.

	"Happy birthday from Joe and Jim," David whispered, smiling.

	I kissed him, then turned my head to kiss Michael. "You're the best 
friends a woman ever had, and this was the best birthday present I ever 
had," I told them. "Now what am I going to do for your birthdays to top 
this?"

	"We'll think of something," David said.
-- 
