Archive-name: Bondage/mex.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Kristie's Mexican Vacation


Kristie was looking forward to her trip to Rocky Point Mexico   
with her new friend from work Cindy. On the way there they talked 
about all the fun they were going to have after a good nights 
sleep. They were going to stay at an old school that had been 
renovated into lodgings. They finally arrived and settled in for 
the night. The following morning when Kristie awoke she found 
herself bound to a table. "Hey what's going on here?", yelled 
Kristie. Cindy said, "Call me Miss Cindy, That's short for 
Mistress Cindy and you are going to be punished for flirting with my 
husband Rick." Kristie couldn't believe her eyes Miss Cindy was 
dressed all in leather and didn't at all look like the girl she 
thought was her friend. Kristie now felt Miss Cindy cruelly 
inserting a finger into her bottom.  "Owwwwww", she gasped as her 
hips raised from the table.  
The finger was thickly coated with lubricant and Miss Cindy slid 
it deeply into Kristie's rectum, sliding in and out to further 
loosen Kristie's anus.  Kristie felt her anus clench reflexively  
on the finger as it pulled slowly from her. Next Miss Cindy slid two
fingers deeply into Kristie's rectum. Then there was a third finger,
then a fourth inside her anus. The evil Mistress laid all fingers close
together, side by side, so the walls of her rectum were stretched to
near capacity by this violation. She knew her fist would take her to
the breaking point. Miss Cindy pressed her thumb up next to her
forefinger. She pressed all five fingers inside that tight hole, and it
was at that point that the pain started to hit. When Miss Cindy had all
five of her fingers in Kristie's anus she made a fist. This stretched
the walls of her rectum even further and she let out a scream of agony.
She now had her whole fist up inside her and she was beginning to punch
away at her, seeking her intestines. "How does that feel, you bitch?
How does it feel to have my whole fist inside you like that?" "Oh God,
it hurts! It hurts so bad! I feel like you are ripping me!" Kristie
wailed. Kristie was screaming in pain now as Miss Cindy punched her
fist in and out of her anus. Miss Cindy finally pulled her fist out of
Kristie's aching rectum. She said, "Now that your rectum is stretched
let's see about stretching some more of you."Miss Cindy now moved over
to the far side of the room and Kristie watched as a large one gallon
enema bag was filled with warm water. Kristie turned her head away and
closed her eyes. Getting a large enema wasn't her favorite thing in the
world and although she knew that it would excite her, the feeling of
being that full would be uncomfortable.  Kristie heard the water stop
and Miss Cindy move back over to the table.  Kristie felt the tip of an
enema nozzle touch her anus and her buttocks clenched involuntarily as
it started to push into her.  The nozzle was  very thick and Kristie
gasped as the thickest part pushed into her sensitive hole.  Bound as
she was, there was nothing she could do about it.  A moment later and
the nozzle was in place.  Her rear opening was grasping the thinner
part of the nozzle as she was held open helplessly by the rubber
intruder.  She felt some pressure in her bottom and the nozzle started
to expand inside of her.  "It's a Bardex nozzle, Kristie.", said Miss
Cindy, "It will prevent the enema from coming out."  The nozzle was now
a little uncomfortable as it had gotten fairly large but Kristie knew
that it was now not going to be removed until Miss Cindy decided to do
so. All of a sudden Miss Cindy started squeezing a pump attached to the
Bardex nozzle. The nozzle was expanding in Kristie's rectum to an
agonizing size. Kristie started to scream, "I can't take any more it's
too big, take it out!" Miss Cindy said, "This will be the biggest enema
you or anyone else here has ever gotten and I don't want any leaking
out." Once the Bardex was inflated to the size of a large grapefruit
Miss Cindy stopped inflating it. She said, "Get ready Kristie for the
largest enema ever." The rush of warm water now started to fill Kristie
as the clamp on the tube was released.  It filled her slowly and kept
filling her.  Kristie looked down and watched her tummy slowly expand
to accommodate the fluid.  Her tummy got tight as it continued and
Kristie was beginning to feel uncomfortably full.  
Finally, the water stopped.  Kristie's breathing  came in short ragged 
breaths.  She was hoping that she wouldn't have to wait for more  
than a moment or two because she was so full.   "Please..", she  
begged, "Please let me go to the bathroom."  Miss Cindy smiled.  
She disconnected the tube from the Bardex nozzle that was still  
firmly in place in Kristie's bottom and walked around to beside her.  
Her hand stroked Kristie's full tummy and gently massaged her.  "No,  
Kristie, you'll have to wait until I let you.", she said.  Kristie  
closed her eyes.  Each second seemed like an hour as she waited.  
Miss Cindy hands were at once soothing and exciting.  They  
roamed all over Kristie's young body.  She felt her soaking pussy  
stroked, her nipples were pinched and the nozzle in her ass was  
playfully tugged at. Kristie thought to herself, "Thank God this is 
almost over." Miss Cindy took out a pair of nipple clamps. She said,
"These will do nicely." Miss Cindy attached each of the clamps to
Kristie's nipples. Kristie had very small tits but each of her nipples
were always fully erect. Miss Cindy then attached weights to each of
the nipple clamps. This caused Kristie's nipples to stretch to even
greater lengths. Miss Cindy continued to add weights to the thin chains
attached to the nipple clamps till Kristie's nipples were stretched to
the length of little fingers. Then Miss Cindy did something Kristie
never dreamed of. Miss Cindy went to the sink and started refilling the
one gallon bag all over again. This time she was filling it with
scalding hot water and putting in strong soap. Miss Cindy brought the
bulging bag over to Kristie's face. Miss Cindy said, "This will make
your stomach bulge out more than a pregnant woman in her ninth month.
When the soapy bubbles start expanding you will understand what true
punishment is!" Kristie started screaming. She knew that no more could
possibly fit inside her. Her tummy was already stretched larger then
ever before. Miss Cindy attached the tube of the bag to the Bardex
nozzle deeply buried in Kristie's rectum and released the clamp.
Kristie started screaming so loud that Miss Cindy had to gag her. Miss
Cindy selected a gag shaped like a penis, but it was larger then any
Kristie had ever seen.  
Miss Cindy said, "This gag is eight inches in diameter and twelve 
inches long. This should shut you up." Kristie held her mouth shut 
tight so Miss Cindy held Kristie's nose till Kristie had to open her 
mouth for a gasp of air. As soon as Kristie gasped the gag was forced 
roughly down her throat. Kristie was finally silent. Kristie looked 
down and couldn't believe what she saw. Her tummy was at least 40 
inches big and still growing. Her tummy was bigger than the largest 
watermelon. The pressure was unbelievable. It felt like fifty pounds of
pressure on her stomach and rectum. Still her stomach expanded, it felt
like it was going to explode. The bag was finally empty. Miss Cindy 
removed the tube from the nozzle. Miss Cindy said, "Now you will feel 
the reason for the soap." Miss Cindy started kneading Kristie's stomach
with her hands. At first this felt good to Kristie and then a strange 
thing happened. A large growl burst forth from her stomach and her 
stomach popped out even bigger then before. Kristie started to scream 
into the gag. Miss Cindy said, "I have another surprise for you 
Kristie." She brought over another enema bag, but this one was much 
smaller. Attached to it was a Folley catheter. Kristie's eyes went 
wide. Kristie could not imagine what this strange looking device could 
be for. She didn't have long to wait. Miss Cindy shoved the catheter 
way up Kristie's urethra and pumped it up so it wouldn't come out. She 
told Kristie that a half a gallon of ice water was going to be pumped 
up her. Miss Cindy started pumping the ice water into Kristie. 
Kristie's bladder started stretching out to an unbelievable size. The 
mixture of the scalding enema and the freezing in her bladder was too 
much for Kristie. She started thrashing around in her bounds. This made
the soap in her stomach agitate more and her stomach started to rumble 
again. Her stomach protruded out even more. Miss Cindy said, "Thank you
Kristie, I was going to spare you that but since you did it yourself
you must suffer the consequences." Kristie could no longer move. The
weight of the enema and size of her stomach was just too much. Kristie
heard the door open and turned her tearstreaked eyes to see who it
could be. Maybe someone had come to save her from this torture. It was
Master Pain the cruellest Master in the school. Master Pain said, "Good
job Miss Cindy, I have never seen a girls stomach this huge before. Now
let's have some fun." Miss Cindy undid Kristie's bonds and redid them
so that Kristie was on all fours. Master Pain got behind Kristie and
said brace yourself Kristie here I come. Master Pain shoved his huge
cock into Kristie's vagina. He said, "I love how tight it is when you
have to hold in all this liquid." Kristie couldn't believe it, the
shoving of Master Pain's enormous cock in and out of her was making the
soap bubbles explode in her stomach. Never did she have to pee or shit
so bad and still he kept pumping. He was holding her around her waist,
and every time he shoved in he squeezed her stomach, causing Kristie
even greater pain. Then a strange thing happened. Kristie started to
come, she couldn't help herself. She had never felt such pressure in
her life. There was pressure in and on her stomach. Her bladder was on
fire from the ice water. Her nipples each had thirty pounds of weight
swinging from them. After Master Pain came she thought to herself that
her long ordeal had ended. Master Pain then took out a balloon. He said
now for the final part of your discipline. He put BenGay all over the
balloon and shoved it up Kristie's vagina. Kristie screamed into her
gag, this was burning her pussy. Master Pain attached a pump to the
balloon and blew it up till Kristie's pussy was completely filled up.
Not one inch of her pussy could escape the fire of the BenGay. Master
Pain then shoved a tube down Kristie's throat along side the gag. He
took a quart enema bag out and attached it to the tube. Into the bag
went castor oil mixed with sodium bicarbonate. 
"When these hit the water in your stomach you will start to cramp like 
a woman in labor." After about ten minutes Kristie could feel something
in her stomach explode. Her stomach ballooned out bigger again and the
loudest sounds started coming from it. Her stomach would settle for a
minute and then it would start all over. The cramps and explosions were
coming every ten seconds now and Kristie's stomach was so big now it
was almost translucent from being stretched beyond it's limits. 
Finally after an hour of this torture, Miss Cindy undid her bonds.
Kristie had to be helped to walk over to the toilet.  When Miss Cindy
released the nozzles and pulled them from her, it was an incredible
relief for Kristie. Everything started to explode out of Kristie. The
walls of the bathroom reverberated with the sounds. Miss Cindy left her
for a few minutes to expel the enema and to pee as she ran a bath for
Kristie. This vacation was going exactly as planned......
 

           END OF PART 1
--
