Archive-name: Family/mfuent1.txt
Archive-author: Mr. Velvet
Archive-title: Marie Fuentes - 1
 

                          Chapter 1

     From the heating ducts in Maria's bedroom, the cameras
rolled silently.  She was getting ready for school and had
just a pair of pink bikini panties on.  Her firm, smooth 16-
year-old body was well-toned and well-tanned as she stood
before the large mirror on her dresser brushing her long
brown hair.  Her breasts were of medium size, and her dark
brown nipples pointed softly straight out, maybe even up a
little.  With each stroke of her hairbrush, her teenaged
breasts jiggled deliciously.

     In the next room, her brother Raul was slowly undoing
the belt in his Levis as he watched his nearly naked older
sister on the color TV in his bedroom brush her hair.  He may
be only 15, but he was an electronics whiz.  He was failing
English and History at school, but electronics and computers
and math came to him like he was born to them.  Now, with his
jeans and underwear already down at his ankles, his teenaged
cock already surging with the excitement of seeing his older
sister naked for the first time, Raul gripped his young cock
firmly and began to pump the length of it.

     The soft sound of light rock was drifting in Maria's
bedroom as she brushed her wavy brown hair.  She was studying
her hair as she brushed it, wondering if it was time to
change the style.  Or does it look better this way, she asked
herself.  Then her mind drifted to the school play that was
coming up ("Our Town") and if she should audition for it.
She had never been in a play and wondered if she could handle
it, performing before hundreds of people.  Would she get too
embarrassed?  Would she forget her lines?  Would she . . .

     Then her eyes drifted to the picture of her father as a
boy picking artichokes in a field somewhere with his parents.
She didn't know why, but it was her favorite photograph.  She
stuck it in the frame of her dresser mirror so she'd see it
everyday.  "Boy, dad," she thought to herself, "You've sure
come a long way."  She couldn't even remotely imagine living
in the squalid shack her father grew up in; not with a red
Ferrari sitting in the garage right now.

     Raul's young cock was about to explode when he took his
hand away from it.  He moved closer to the TV and pushed his
cock forward, flexing the firm muscles of his smooth young
ass.  He let the surging tip of his reddened cock touch his
sister's image on the screen, then began to move it up on
down as if caressing her with it.  "Do you like that, Maria?"
he breathed.  "Do you like my dick?"

     KNOCK!  KNOCK!

     "Raul, hurry up!" his mother yelled outside his bedroom
door.  "You'll be late for school again."

     His cock immediately went soft at the rude interruption.
He stuffed it back into his jeans as he answered, "Yeah,
o-okay, mom.  I-I'll be right down."  He wondered if she
could hear the zipper of his pants closing up.

     "I've left your lunch on the counter."

     As he watched his sister's nearly naked image on the
screen and listened to his mother's voice, he thought of how
all strange and new it was to him.  It was something secret,
something exciting, something only he knew existed.

     "Raul?"

     He quickly switched off the TV.  "Yes, mom?"

     "Your lunch is on the counter."

     "Okay, thanks!" he answered, then pressed the button
that turned off the cameras in the heating ducts.  He put on
his jacket, grabbed his books, then headed out his bedroom,
expecting to find his mother there, but finding she'd already
gone back downstairs.  As he walked by Maria's closed bedroom
door, he paused there a moment, thinking of his nearly naked
older sister just beyond the door.  Oh, well, time for more
of that later, he thought to himself, then ran down to the
kitchen, grabbed his brown bad lunch, and headed out the
door. . .


                   *******************



     This first seemingly innocent act of a younger brother
spying on his older sister in the Fuentes family was only the
beginning of a long and intertwined series of events that
would come to test the love they had for each other and each
one's individual capacity for embarrassment and humiliation.
But their story really begins in the artichoke fields of the
Salinas Valley, so we must begin there if we are to give this
true story its just due.


                   *******************


     The Fuentes family was an American dream come true.  The
father of the family, Francisco, was the son of farm workers
who had labored all their lives in the Salinas Valley in
California to provide for their large family.  They had come
from Mexico with no skills and speaking little English, but
chose the hard life in America to the even harder life in
Mexico.

     Francisco was exceptionally bright as a boy.  He had
done very well in school, winning several scholarships to
college.  His strongest area was science, so it was natural
for him to choose medicine as a career.  After earning his
B.S in Chemistry at San Francisco State University, he went
on to graduate with honors from the Medical School at UCLA.

     Now, several years later, he's developed his surgical
practice into a thriving clinic in Los Altos Hills.  Money,
he is proud to say, is no longer a worry for him.  His house
is custom-built and overlooks the valley below.  His four-car
garage houses two world-class sports cars, a Limited Edition
Jeep Cherokee, and a used Toyota Celica that his oldest
daughter, Maria, had pleaded for:  "But, dad, it's so CUTE!"

     But his greatest treasure was his family.  Francisco was
reared to believe that family comes first above all else --
above career, above pleasure, above everything.  Without your
family, his parents had taught him, you have nothing.  You
must love your family, respect your family, and be loyal to
your family, they had told him.  And he believed them.  He
knew deep down that they were right.  They may be immigrants
with little skill and even less comprehension of English, but
they knew what the secret of life is.  And they had lived by
it.

     Francisco's wife Lupe was 8 years younger than him.  She
had met her future husband at UCLA when she was working on
her MBA and he was struggling in medical school.  His good
looks, intelligence, and simple charm had captivated Lupe and
swept her away with him.  Loving each other was easy for him
and her, so easy that it seemed almost natural that they get
married, which they did.

     Sixteen year later, the Fuentes family has become very
successful -- and very large!  Maria, 16, is their oldest
daughter.  They have only one son, Raul.  He's 15.  Their
other two daughters are Jessica, 13, and Christine, 10.  Each
of the children is very bright, and they have all inherited
the good looks of their parents.  Exceptional looks, in fact.

--
