          MICHAEL MICHELLE

         By Marcia Sampson

Poor Karen. As if life wasn't hard enough for her, having to get up an
hour before the sun to clean her landlady's house in exchange for
rent, followed by a business day of taking care of two baby boys, one
of whom was an uncontrollable antisocial brat, followed several nights
a week by two or three hours cleaning someone's house after her all-
day babysitting job...by the time she got home it was usually dark.
And what did she have to come home to? Her rotten lowlife son,
Michael.

Michael had been bad news now for several years. The first time, it
was carrying a concealed weapon...the second time, receiving stolen
goods, for which he had been sentenced to community service. In the
meantime he got expelled from both public school and continuation
school, and hung around with his friends day and night. God knows what
his next offense would be. Maybe it was puberty, maybe testoserone
like those women she cleaned house for kept saying.

So it came as no surprise one day when Karen got back home from her
three jobs that there was a tape message on her machine. "This is the
police. We have your son in custody for failure to appear. Could you
please come down to the station?"

Karen did the only sensible thing a parent could do after coming home
from a 14-hour day and finding that her brat was in the slammer. She
took the phone off the hook and went to sleep.

The next day, she had a house to clean in the evening, an old split-
level Victorian mansion inhabited by four ladies who lived above
Rachel's Beauty Shop. The ladies were friendly and they freely
discussed their lives with Karen. So when one of them asked her how
her son was, she replied "In jail. He didn't show up for his community
service so he gets 30 days in jail tacked onto his sentence. In a way
I'm happy as it'll at least be peaceful when I get home."

"You know, Karen, we've discussed what you can do to make your brat
fly right. You should really consider it."

"I know, Jane...but it's such a hard choice..."

"A bad boy or a good girl?? Seems like no choice at all..."

Rachel, one of the ladies who lived in the house, said "well, when I
was growing up I had two big brothers and both of them landed in juvy
when I was little and I grew up thinking all boys went to juvy as part
of growing up."

"Rachel's right," Jane added, "There's a good chance -- a very good
chance -- we can turn him around."

Frances, another resident of the house, said "Female culture is
better. Jane's right...even if she is a bit rough at times," Noreen
said "Wouldn't you like to have a full-time maid at your beck and
call? I would...and he'll be a submissive maid by the time we get
through." Karen said she still didn't think what they proposed was
justified at present, and told them thanks, but no thanks. The four
"Rachel's Ladies" smiled at each other and left it at that.

A couple of days later Karen was cleaning out Michael's room, taking
advantage of his absence to find out what the little monster had been
up to lately. She opened a drawer and saw some white powder in a
baggy. Oho, she thought. Karen smelled it and then looked up in her
copy of "What Every Parent Should Know About Drugs..." The powder
turned out to be several kilos of cocaine. A further search revealed
several thousand dollars in cash and it gradually dawned on Karen that
Michael was a drug dealer.

Karen thought about what she could do. Turn him in. But in spite of
everything he had done, she still felt something for Michael. He was,
after all, her son. Then she remembered what Jane had suggested to
her. After all, if Jane was right, he'd be a lot more likely to go
straight than if he were locked up for dealing.

Jane and Karen then had a long conversation. The two of them went to
court to get custody transferred, and as the wheels of jurisprudence
turn slowly, Michael had gotten out of jail in the meantime and had
relapsed into his old ways, and Karen heaved sighs of relief when the
court order went through. It took only a few days to prepare what
Michael had coming to him, and the Saturday night after the order went
through the four "Rachel's Ladies" were sitting in Karen's apartment
waiting for Michael to show up after his usual night of carousing.
They made an impressive foursome, Karen thought as they played hearts
and whiled away the hours until Michael got back.

Karen couldn't decide which of the four were most impressive. Jane,
Frances, Noreen and Rachel. She looked at each of them in turn and
thought. Jane...now there was one mean lady. It was she who thought up
and kept pressing the idea they were about to execute, and although
Karen had her qualms about the drastic remedy for her son's
delinquency, she knew, deep down, that it was the only thing. Karen
knew that although Jane had an out of home computer job, she had spent
most of her adult life as a Mistress at a house of Female Domination.
Even though those days were behind her, Jane still dressed in very
severe clothing and always wore a high collar and tight corset and
high heels. In fact Karen couldn't remember Jane ever taking them
off...I wonder how she stands it, Karen thought. Then her thoughts
turned to Frances. She was as tall as Jane, but Frances was slender
and elegant instead of massive and powerful-looking like Jane. Like
Jane, she too had some sort of home computer business. Also like Jane,
she wore a corset to the limits of her endurance and even beyond, as
Frances was quite proud of her "handspan waist," and on more than one
occasion she had up and fainted and the other ladies would take her to
her bed, unlace her, and revive her with smelling salts. Karen
wondered what Frances's legs looked like, as she had never seen them,
for Frances always wore a long dress, several petticoats, and on
occasions, a long crinoline, just as in pictures of Karen's long-dead
ancestors.

Noreen and Rachel also worked at home, in the beauty shop that bore
Rachel's name. Karen understood that Rachel was also a qualified
electrologist and that both of them were licensed beauticians.
Noreen's clothing and demeanor also exuded womanly power, although it
was less stated than in Jane's case...while both Noreen and Jane were
wearing black pinstripe skirted suits, Noreen's collar didn't chafe
her like Jane's, and she wore moderately heeled pumps as opposed to
high-heeled boots as Jane did. Of the four "Rachel's Ladies," only
Rachel had been known to wear conventional clothing on a regular
basis. All of the ladies were taller than Karen and all of them had an
air about them that made Karen wish that she could carry herself like
that. She felt honored that they cared enough about her to help her.

It got to be midnight, then one, then two in the morning as five women
waited for the brat that was ruining his life and Karen's to come
home. The clock struck three, then four as they patiently waited and
Karen wondered "how does Jane and Frances stand wearing those corsets
all THIS time..." Jane pointed out that unless Michael showed up in
the next half hour, there would be insufficent night to move him to
his new home without neighbors noticing and it was agreed that if he
didn't show by then that the operation would be put on hold until next
Saturday night.

Twenty minutes later Michael came up, drunk as a skunk, and the four
"Rachel's Ladies" hid behind furniture as he walked up the steps and
turned the key in the lock. Karen sat on the couch and said, "Hello
Michael. Out raising hell again as usual, I see.
"

"Mom, willya get off my case..." and with that Noreen and Rachel
grabbed each of his legs and Jane knocked him on the ground and cuffed
him and pounded his face into the ground three or four times until
Frances told her to stop as Michael screamed "What this ...."

"I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU! That's what it is! Your acting like a jerk,
getting kicked out of school, getting into trouble...and THIS!!!"
Karen showed Michael the cocaine she had found. "Druggy trash," one of
Rachel's Ladies commented. "So, you have two choices. One, I call the
cops and turn you in. "Dealing carries a mandatory prison sentence in
this state," Karen concluded.

"Don't pick up the soap," Jane added, giggling. Karen went on, or
"Two, I got a court order transferring parental custody from me to
these women and you can go with them. I don't think you want to go to
prison, now do you?" Michael said no, and thought.. how bad could it
be? After all, four women, he should have no problem with that.
Certainly it was better than being in jail...he knew what it was like
in there. So he told his mother he would go with the four women,
whereupon Noreen snapped on a pair of leg irons, a blindfold and gag
while his mother added "You look cute in those," as he was marched out
into the Rachel's Beauty Shop van. Michael was then tackled by three
of the women as Frances drove them for an hour all over town to
disorient Michael, even though Rachel's Beauty Shop was only a few
blocks away. When Jane pointed out that dawn was about to break, they
arrived home and marched him blindfolded to a room in the attic, where
they chained him to a chair and they took his gag off, when Michael
let off a string of obscenities and spat in the face of one of the
women. Jane calmly went to a row of devices on the end of the wall,
grabbed one, turned it on and aimed it for Michael's genitals.

"What...that hurts!"

"A cattle prod is supposed to!" Jane said as she punched Michael full
in the face and jumped him as he spat on her as she wrung his neck and
applied pressure to choke him.

Michael's screams and defiance changed to penitence as Jane's
merciless grip clutched his neck and wrung it. It took two minutes for
him to give in, and Jane applied her chokehold for a half minute
beyond that to let him know who was in charge, and then Rachel kicked
him in the shins.

"You piece of garbage," Rachel said. "You disgrace to the human
race...you make we want to puke."

Noreen spoke. "We've heard enough crap from your mother about what a
scumbag you are and she was finally convinced by us to turn you
around. You will be turned from a worthless, lowlife, uncivilized
macho-jerk male with his brains between his legs into a productive and
civilized lady. You will serve us, the four Superior Women you see
around you, as a proper lady's maidservant. And you will like it."

"And we can legally do it, too!" Jane added. "Your mother got a court
order signing custody over to me, for as long as we both think it
necessary. And we also have the cocaine."

"What cocaine?"

A swift kick in the shins -- "Don't hand me that baby blue eyes
routine. The crap you've been selling. We've got it and we'll hand it
and you over to the police if your conduct is in any way unladylike or
unsatisfactory, Michelle."

"The name's Michael."

"Not any more. Your name is Michelle."

"Michael."

Jane turned to Frances. "Cattle prod, please?" Frances handed it to
Jane who turned it on again and asked Michael, "What is your name?"

"Michael." ZAP! (scream) "Michael!" ZAP! (scream)...(repeat several
times)..."alright, you ballbreaking bitch! Michelle!"

"Now then, Michelle my dear, we have your attitude. You called me a
ballbreaking bitch. While I do believe that a dose of pain in the
genitals is indeed the best way to get through to a male, I am a lady,
not a bitch. You will apologize for calling me a bitch. I am a lady.
Now what am I?"

"A bitch." ZAP! (scream) "Up yours, bitch!" as Michelle spat on Jane's
face. "Very well." Jane put her entire large bulk on the prod and put
it on Michelle's genitals as the electric current almost caused
Michelle to faint. Jane slapped Michelle's face front and back ten
times and resumed the torture. An hour later Michelle finally admitted
that Jane was a lady and not a bitch. Now then Michelle...you are a
soft submissive lady's slave-maid. What are you Michelle? ZAP!
(scream) ZAP! (scream). Very well. You admit you are a soft and
submissive lady's slave-maid. Now are you going to act like a proper
lady? Yes. Good. Didn't have to zap you even once. You are learning.
Now my name is Lady Jane, and these other ladies are Lady Frances,
Lady Noreen, and Lady Rachel. Now who is this, "Lady Noreen, Lady
Jane." Good. Very good. Strip him naked, girls, put the chains on him
and take him to the maidchamber, where he collapsed from exhaustion.

When Michael woke up in a pitch-dark room he found he was handcuffed
to a belly chain. Further inspection revealed that his legs were
connected by a pair of leg irons and that his right leg was connected
by another pair of leg irons to an object the size of a suitcase
weighing almost as much as he did. Michael got up, fell out of the
simple board that served as his bed, took one step and ran into the
opposite wall of his cell. He soon found that he could lie down, sit,
stand up and take one shackled step any direction before running into
a wall. Finding the door, he pounded on it and started yelling. A few
minutes later a brilliant floodlight came on nearly blinding him and a
soft but authoritative feminine voice said "That sort of behavior will
not be tolerated, my dear Michelle. You will remain in the Maidchamber
quietly until you are summoned to appear in the presence of your
superiors. And you will remain silent. You will learn that we are in
control and you will do as we say and you will learn to like it." He
screamed an obscenity, started pounding on the door, etc...while the
four ladies just outside ignored it and laughed. After a few hours the
yelling died down. Every few hours at random intervals a loud buzzer
rang inside the Maidchamber, to keep Michael from falling off into a
sound sleep. Enough time past for him to become very hungry and very,
very thirsty, which resulted in more screaming incidents and
outbursts, which were totally ignored.

Outside the Maidchamber, one of the ladies was explaining to the three
others: "Remember, we have to keep our subject off balance. She does
not know where she is, what day or time it is or what will happen
next. She must be kept this way while she is molded and civilized."

Two or three days after being locked in the Maidchamber and having to
answer the calls of nature without facilities the buzzer rang again,
but this time the blinding light came on. "Respond," the voice said.
"Are you awake?"

"Yes." A door flap opened and some bread and a small bottle of water
was shoved in, and the light went off.

Several hours later the lights came on again and the door flap opened.
Michael stuck his head out the door and immediately Jane appeared as
if out of nowhere and jammed her riding crop against his neck. "Now
then, are we learning to behave?" Huh? I can't hear you," she said
conversationally as he was choked tighter and tighter until Jane
managed to choke a yes out of him.

"Your name is .. Michael .. choke .. Michelle .. very good! Now drink
this bottle of water.. ummm, that felt good. And keep the bottles,
because you're not getting any more water for a long time. You'll just
have to drink your urine. Until you behave, that is. Now beg for
mercy. No, you don't want to? Well, back in your cage! See you around
.. don't go ..way! *giggle*. and with that the door was locked and
Michael/Michelle was put back in the Maidchamber.

Several days later the door opened again. Hey you, thirsty? Of course
you are. Well drink this. It is a bottle of my womanhood, my nectar.
Drink it. No? Well, you get nothing else to drink until you do, and I,
unlike you, can wait. Hey Noreen, that pizza and soda pop, could you
bring it over? Thanks! Mmm-mmm-good! Yum yum yum! Now if you drink my
golden water, you can have some too...so drink. Very good! So we'll
let you finish my bottle of pop and then we'll recite our catechism.
OK, let's go. Repeat after me. My name is Michelle. My name is
Michelle. I am a worthless male vomitbag. I am a worthless male
vomitbag. Good! I will be a proper lady's maid. I will be a proper
lady's maid. Excellent! I will always obey the orders of the Ladies
who trained me. I will always obey the orders of the Ladies who
trained me...

Now you are ready to start your processing. And with that the door
opened and Jane and Noreen stood by him ready to escort him downstairs
in handcuffs and chains to the beauty shop, where Rachel was waiting
with straps to tie Michael's head, neck, arms and legs to a revolving
chair. Then Rachel got out an electrology needle, laughing, and said,
"This'll hurt you more than it'll hurt me...*giggle*" and Michael
screamed as Jane boxed his ears. "Shut up. This is nothing compared to
what you'll get if you don't behave. Michael's eyes rolled towards
Jane, with that begging for mercy look she loved so much. But of
course compassion towards a brat like Michael was a conception alien
to Jane. She was, however, willing to not box his ears while the
electrology procedure went on. It seemed they were at it all night, as
the sun might have risen behind the blackout drapes. When it was over
Rachel expertly shaved Michael's face and then started to give his
face and hair a beauty treatment. Ah, now don't you look sweet Michael
dear! Look at yourself in the mirror! You protest? Do you want Noreen
to come back here or worse yet Jane? Admit it, you were a total loser
as a male. You're starting off your life brand new, as a woman,
employed, and respected. What more could you want? Now then its time
to see Frances. Upstairs! March!

Rachel then marched Michelle up to wher Frances and Jane and Noreen
were waiting in a dressing room, whereupon one of the women snapped a
pair of handcuffs behind Michelle's back and removed all her other
manacles.

"This is your new wardrobe, Michelle dear," Noreen began. "As a maid,
you will wear a maid's uniform and you have no need for any other
clothing. We will dress you this first time and after that you will be
responsible for dressing yourself."

"And if you are out of uniform..." Jane added, holding the cattle
prod.

"First item is this," Frances added. She picked up a device that was a
leather belt connected to a steel bar which connected to a steel
collar covered by leather. Frances overcame Michelle's handcuffed show
of resistance and placed the device on as Michelle said "Ugh, I can't
breathe!! Lemme out! I'll be good!"

"You'll be a lady and shut your mouth," Jane said, slapping Michelle
hard across the face. "Frances, next item?" Jane added as she released
the handcuffs on Michelle, only to re-cuff her to a hangar rack.

The four of them then put a corset on Michelle and pulled it with all
their might and it took three or four broken laces before they finally
got the laces to meet, and then over the laces little padlocks were
used to keep the corset closed and locked.

"Now, now my dear, don't you look pretty?" all of them cooed. "Soon,
you will be as beautiful as Frances and be able to take your hands and
put them around your waist like she can!" Frances then put her hands
around her waist to demonstrate.

Then came a pair of stockings, and under that a pair of leather pants
which locked in the back "As you see, Michelle my dear, you can no
longer pee without permission and have to hold it in. If you are a
good girl, we'll let you relieve yourself."

Over that came a chemise and a pair of long bloomers, a pair of black
gloves and a petticoat, followed by the maid's uniform itself, which
was a black dress with an apron which demurely covered Michelle from
her neck brace to somewhat below her knees, and the back of the dress
could be and was buttoned up so her knees were rigidly together at all
times and she could only take hobbling steps. Then, lastly, a pair of
high heeled shoes were placed upon her, she was uncuffed, Rachel redid
her makeup, and Michelle stood woozy and barely able to breathe as
Noreen affixed a serving-collar around Michelle's neck and shackled
each of her hands to a chain about a meter long running from the
collar to waist level.

"You have two choices, Michelle. Either behave, be a good lady's maid,
and we deliver you back to your mother. OR, you can choose to disobey
us in which case you will be locked in the Maidchamber until you
forget what year it is or what planet you're on. Now here is a list of
your daily routine -- and it's now time for you to make breakfast. So
go to it!"

"Oh, please..." "Oh please nothing. You got yourself into this mess
and if you had acted like a decent human being in the past you would
not be in this mess now. Any future speech other than "Yes, m'lady,"
will be punished by a ball-gag or a breaking bit in the mouth. Do you
understand?"

Michelle did understand -- she went to the kitchen and under the stern
direction of Jane and Noreen made breakfast and served it to the four
ladies. After that, there was a day of heavy housecleaning, under the
supervision of the ladies, who drove her so hard she nearly fainted
for lack of breath on more than one occasion -- by the end of the day
if she missed a breath it would take a half hour of gasping for air
before she could stand erect given her lacing and bracing -- and
because she peed in her leather breeches, because none of Rachel's
Ladies would unlock them when Michelle begged, Jane told her that she
would wear them, wet and chafing, day and night for three days.

After Michelle had served dinner -- for the ladies that is, not for
herself -- she was ordered into the living room, After dinner, Jane,
Noreen and Frances removed their collars and heels and had Michelle
massage them carefully, a task which was the most exquisite torment
for Michelle given the instruments of torture that she was required to
wear could not be removed or loosened in the slightest. After that
they took her back up to the Maidchamber, gave her some food, took off
her serving chains, uniform and shoes but not her corset and brace,
and told her "The more you behave, the easier it'll go on you."

Michelle put up a few pathetic revolts in the first month or two,
which were firmly put down by methods that Jane had learned in her
years as a Professional Mistress and which she eagerly taught the
other ladies.

Michelle's daily routine went like this. A deafening alarm and
blinding lights awakened her in the Maidchamber every morning. She had
to get up immediately to put her makeup and uniform and serving chains
on, and if there was the slightest little irregularity in uniform
regulations it was sure to be punished by whoever was in charge of
her. A half hour later, the lady who was in charge would unlock the
Chamber door, escort her -- if her appearance passed inspection -- to
the toilet, after which she was to take orders for and make breakfast
for her four mentresses and superiors. If breakfast went off without a
hitch, she would be allowed to eat what the ladies left behind on
their plates before doing the dishes. After that, she had to do
whatever housechores were set upon her by her handler, then do lunch
and dinner. Her last chore of the day was massaging the neck and feet
of her owners, and then finally they would lock her back into the
Maidchamber until the next day.

Michelle thought about which of the ladies was cruelest. Rachel's idea
of both training and punishment was the electrology needle, which
Michelle felt all over her body many times during her confinement and
caused her to scream in pain despite a heavy gag. Noreen was a mean
lady but more into talk than action, and she loved to threaten her
with Rachel's needle. Jane, though, was into more than mere punishment
for the sake of pain -- she was in to breaking Michelle's will with
various exercises like making her repeat in word or writing hundreds
of times statements like "I am a lady's maid," "I was a worthless
male," and so forth. Of the four of them, it would seem that Frances,
who rarely even raised her voice much less punished, would be kindest,
but Frances was in charge of her corset training and was relentlessly
squeezed Michelle's waist one inch tighter every few weeks, until by
the end of her cruel confinement in the prison of her clothing,
Michelle could, like Frances, grasp her waist with her hands. Also
Frances made Michelle wear female sanitary supplies during her
"period" of 2 to 12 days in every approximate four weeks that Michelle
belonged to Frances, in simulation of a feminine menustral period.

About once a week, Michelle's corset and brace were removed so she
could bathe, and all of them -- even including Michelle -- derived
much pleasure from rubbing and gently caressing the marks the corset
and brace made. Then they would let her bathe, dry her, and rebrace
and recorset her.

Week after week, month after month, went by. Exactly how much time
went by Michelle didn't know, because the four ladies determined the
number of days that each would get to own Michelle by randomly rolling
dice each time, plus they were continually trading places in the
rotation, and temperature control and blackout draperies kept the
season from her. The civil time and date were also kept from Michelle,
and the ladies kept two calendars and three time zones between them,
none of which Michelle had ever heard of.

After all of them had owned her several times, Michelle noticed
something as she was unbraced and unlaced on bath day. After asking
permission to speak, she pointed to her bosom and asked "Am I growing
breasts?" to which one of them paused and said "Yes. And you're
becoming more beautiful every day, thanks to corsetry and hormones.
Soon you will be as beautiful as Frances and we will all rejoice!" and
with that the four of them hugged her.

About once a month the ladies had over a number of guests for a party,
some women, some cross-dressers, a few males, most of them dressed in
some unconventional manner, at which Michelle was expected to act as
the perfect servant. After enough punishment, that is exactly how she
did conduct herself. At each of these events, there was a large woman
who completely covered her body and wore a mask and who never spoke,
but simply observed. The parties ran far into the night, but
mercifully Michelle would be locked back into the Maidchamber before
they broke up.

After Michelle had catered a number of these parties, though, she was
not put to bed but kept in service until the last guest had left save
one, that being the lady with the mask.

They went down into the living room and sat down and Michelle fetched
them drinks as she had been ordered to do. While she was doing that
the lady took off her mask and Michelle was so startled when she
walked back in she almost dropped the drinks..."MOTHER!!"

"Yes, Michelle," she added.

"It's you? Are you here to take me home?"

"Yes. I'm finally convinced that your behavior has improved so I can
take you back."

"Oh, please, mom...you don't know what I've been through..."

"Oh yes I do," she smiled. "Michelle. Why do you think you were locked
up early on party nights? So I could talk with these ladies to discuss
your progress. By the way, Michelle is your new name from now on.
Also," Karen said, pointing to the other ladies, "Do you want to show
Michelle something?"

And the four women who had captivated Michelle for so long rose up as
one, lifted up their dresses, slid down their panties to reveal their
penises and genitalia.

"WHAT?! You're really guys?!"

"No we are not," Noreen said. "We call ourselves gender ladies. That's
what you are now,"

Karen took her wayward child home with her, and Michelle found out
that she had been gone for a year and a half. She was now seventeen
and a half years old. When they got home, Michelle found a wardrobe of
dresses waiting for her.

"Mother," she moaned.

"Haven't you had enough? Do you think your macho idiot friends will
recognize you now that you're all femmed up? By the way, I've
circulated pictures of you wearing dresses to all of your friends.

And in succeeding months Michelle found out that her mother was right.
Lacking male clothing, she was afraid to go out to encounter her
friends, so her mother brought them over, one by one, to publicly
humiliate her child and to destroy the last vestige of Michael's old
male life.

At 00:01 on the morning of Michelle's 18th birthday, Karen stomped
into her room and said, "You're eighteen years old now. You can do
with your life as you please. And I'm no longer supporting you."

"MOM!"

"Don't Mom me. At least you're lucky you have a place to go."

"Where?"

And Rachel walked into the room and said, "A competent maidservant is
very hard to find. You were one, after we trained you. If you come
back you'll be hired help. We'll pay you room and board and you'll be
our maid. You won't even be locked up -- your choice is working for us
or living on the street. Now be a smart girl."

Michelle looked at her mother. "I disposed of your dope and took your
drug money," she said. "And you can live on the streets because I
won't take you in."

So Michelle did the smart thing and went with Rachel.

This second time it was a bit better. Michelle worked for her room and
board and behaved herself because she had no desire to live on the
street. The ladies were a lot less brutal this time, too, for they
knew that Michelle was becoming less and less adapted to her old life
as Michael with each month that passed. Eventually Michael's
resistance fell and fell until eventually it reached zero.

----------

That was a number of years ago. Now, Michelle is respected and loved.
Eventually she married, and left the state, and the first Christmas
after she left, her four mentresses cried tears of joy because of a
card and long letter from her thanking her for straightening her out
and making her over from a scumbag into a lady.

//////////////THE END//////////////
