MICKEY
CHAPTER 1
 
I have always said that I was extremely lucky to have lived the 
childhood that I did. I also was lucky that I had relatives like I did. 
I am referring, of course, to my young relatives, my cousins.
 
The house in which we lived was a duplex. The attic, and cellar 
areas were opened in a common-type area, both sides having 
access to the areas through their own stairways.
 
My childhood bedroom was built on one side of this attic. For 
years the other side remained empty, and rustic, just the way that 
an attic should be.
 
My Aunt and Uncle moved into the other side of our house, and 
eventually my cousin, Mickey, moved in with them. My Aunt was 
extremely possessive, and she took the boy in because she wanted 
another child. From the start the boy was pampered, spoiled, and 
confused. He moved in when he was about six.
 
During the summer they put up a small swimming pool for his 
enjoyment. I would be treated to the sight of him in a flimsy little 
bikini-style bathing suit. He was not bad looking for a little kid.
 
One day when I was up in my room, I heard someone out in the 
other side of the attic. Opening my door, I saw him there 
wandering around. When he seen me, he came over to my room, 
and we played together for a while.
 
Eventually I had to find out if he were available for sex play. I put 
my hand down the front of his pants and felt his genitals. He did 
not seem to mind this, so I took his clothes off.
 
When I stripped as well, we got onto my bed, and I caressed him 
all over, finally bending over to take his cock into my mouth. 
After sucking him for a while, I told him to suck me, and he did. 
We spent about ten minutes wrapped up in a sixty nine position, 
him on top of me. 
 
I rolled him onto his stomach, and after caressing and exploring 
his little buttocks, I laid on top of him, put my penis between his 
legs, and humped him to a climax. Afterwards we got dressed, 
and he headed downstairs.
 
That afternoon began a relationship which would continue for 
nearly a decade. When ever he would be sitting on the porch, or 
playing in the back yard, all I would have to do is to motion 
upwards with my head, or point a finger in the air, and off he 
would go. A few minutes later he would meet me in my room. I 
wasn't always the initiator, however, many times he would signal 
that we should go upstairs.
 
As soon as we got into my room, we would strip naked, and 
would play sexually with each other. As many little children do, 
he had a fascination with my backside. He would gather toys and 
other things from around my room, and he would play doctor. I 
would have to lie on my stomach, while he poked and explored 
my buttocks and anus.
 
When it was my turn, he would allow me anything that I wanted 
to do with him. Little by little our activities increased. I rimmed 
him for the first time, and he followed suit a few days later. 
 
I began to finger fuck him the second or third week, and a few 
days later he began to finger fuck me. There wasn't anything that 
was taboo between us.
 
One day he had to take a piss during our sex play. This would 
have meant that he would have had to get dressed and go down 
stairs. It was not certain if he could have gotten back up, and 
neither of us were finished with our sex.
 
Having him lay on top of me with his cock in my mouth, I told 
him to go ahead and piss. At first I didn't think that I could handle 
it, but it was easy, and I found it pleasurable. After that day, every 
second or third time he cam up to play, he had to piss, and I 
would drink it, each time using another position to take his piss 
in.
 
It took him about a month after I first drank his piss to try mine. 
We were out playing in my favorite field, when I had to piss. I 
called him over, and we headed off to the bushes. Taking my 
pants to my knees, I told him to open his mouth.
 
He took about half of it before he had to stop. He decided that it 
wasn't too bad after all, and within a few more weeks, he could 
drain me completely, as I could him. Neither of us, after that 
point, ever spilled a drop.
 
Somehow I had begun not to climax while he was in the room 
playing sexually with me. I would call him up, or he would tell 
me to go up to my room, and we would both strip naked and play 
sexually for up to a half hour. When I felt that I could take it no 
longer, and I had to cum, I would end out sex play, and when he 
was gone I would masturbate to climax.
 
For quite a while I was not sure why I did this. I could not 
understand why I chose to cum by masturbating, and not with him 
during sex. It wasn't until years later that I began to understand 
this a little.
 
It all had to do with him being prepubescent and not cumming. 
Somehow I felt that it would ruin it all if I were the only one who 
could cum. It wasn't until several months later that I came with 
Mickey. It was during one of his blow-jobs. I couldn't hold off 
any longer, and I knew that it would be a total let down to have 
him dress and leave before I could cum. I decided to settle back 
and let him bring me off.
 
Although Mickey didn't really know about cum, he realized that 
after I sent him away I did something else sexually to myself, and 
he wasn't a part of it. I think that his curiosity was getting too 
much for him. As he sucked me off, his eyes were looking up at 
my face. I was responding different to his sucking than I had in 
the past. I was moaning, groaning, and beginning to wiggle 
around. I am sure that he felt the changes in my cock, it beginning 
to swell even larger. He knew that something new was 
happening, but he didn't know what to expect.
 
Instead of slowing down a little, or getting ready to take his mouth 
off of my cock, he increased his sucking, beginning to bob his 
head madly up and down on my cock. He reached down with his 
hands, and began to cup and caress my balls as well. This was a 
little too much for even me to handle. Without any warnings 
which he could recognize, I bucked up from the bed, wrapped my 
arms around his head, pulling him tightly against my cock, and 
came somewhere halfway down his throat.
 
At first he choked a little, and tried to pull his mouth from my 
cock. Being wrapped up in my orgasm, I held him tightly. When I 
realized that he needed air, as well as needed to swallow or spit 
out my cum, I released him a little, still making sure that I 
remained in his mouth. He pulled his head back a little, as my 
semen continued to shoot out forcefully into his mouth. Some of it 
began to seep from the sides of his mouth. When finally I was 
spent, we were both a mess. My stomach and genitals were 
covered with spit and cum. Some of it was shot down his throat, 
some remained in his mouth, and the rest dripped down from the 
sides of his mouth onto his chin.
 
It was kind of a funny sight. When he released my cock from his 
mouth, he looked up at me with wide, questioning eyes. He 
wasn't sure what happened, or what he should do about any of it. 
It was obvious that his mouth was "full," and that he wasn't sure 
what to do with that either. I told him to swallow it, and after a 
few seconds of questioning looks, he did swallow, grimacing a 
bit in the process.
 
With cum still dripping down from his mouth, he asked me what 
that was. He asked me why I had "peed" in his mouth. I explained 
the difference between pee and cum to him, and reassured him that 
it was cum which he swallowed and not pee.
 
After this explanation, plus the fact that cum would not hurt him, 
those being the pre-AIDS days, he took me back into his mouth, 
sucking the remaining cum out of my cock, and then ran his 
tongue around my groin area, cleaning up any cum which he 
could find.
 
Almost at once he wanted to do it again, however, I explained to 
him that I could only cum once every short period of time, and 
since he had done such a good job of draining me, it would take 
some time before I could cum again. Resigned to this fact, he 
asked me to make him cum as well, and thus began his first real 
sex education. He was saddened by the fact that he would not be 
able to cum for several more years, but was happy with my 
promise that I would gladly suck his cum from him when he was 
able to produce it.
 
From that day on, Mickey was cum crazy. He wanted as much of 
it as he could get. Every available opportunity he would sneak his 
way up into my bedroom to get his "fix." Sometimes he wanted it 
so bad, he would go down on me while sitting on the porch, out 
in the back yard, or down in the cellar, slipping my dick out of my 
pants and sucking away until he received his reward.
 
Several times I woke up during the night to find him in bed with 
me, naked, sucking me off. More than one morning I awoke to 
find him already at work, or getting ready to get busy.
 
I was not one to complain, getting sucked off as much as I liked 
by a cute young boy, however, after a while I wanted more than a 
blow-job. One afternoon, about three weeks after Mickey started 
swallowing my cum, I decided it was time to introduce him to 
other ways of making love. I prepared well, first going 
downstairs to the medicine cabinet and putting a little Vaseline into 
a paper cup. Next I found an old towel which wouldn't be 
missed. All of my "props" were set, all I needed was Mickey.
 
 
MICKEY
CHAPTER 2
 
About a half hour later I located him, and he was as eager as 
always to visit me in my room. This time, however, instead of 
having him undress himself, I called him over, and began to 
slowly undress him myself. I wanted to totally enjoy the moment, 
and so I savored each part of him as it became unclothed.
 
Once Mickey was totally naked, I laid him on his stomach, parted 
his buttocks, and proceeded to rim him, my tongue pushing inside 
of him as far as it could go. After about five minutes of rimming, 
his anus began to loosen, and it was easy to get first one, and then 
two fingers inside of him. Working away with my two fingers for 
a while, I helped him to loosen himself even further. Even though 
he was loose, I was still a little concerned. Mickey was still pretty 
small, and his anus was tiny in comparison to my, much larger, 
cock. I didn't want to hurt him in the process of fucking him, but 
I wanted badly to cum deep inside of his ass.
 
It came time for the Vaseline. Quite a mess was created trying to 
spread enough Vaseline on and in his ass, and on my dick. I 
believe that this was the last time that I had ever used Vaseline. It 
was just too messy, and not a very good lubricant for fucking boy 
ass.
 
Moving my dick up against his asshole, I left it resting there for a 
few minutes, rubbing it against the outside rim. The sensations 
were wonderful, and my excitement was growing by the moment. 
Even though I was still young myself, I had at that time fucked the 
asses of about one hundred boys. I was always as excited when 
fucking a new boy for the first time as the very first time that I 
ever fucked a boy.
 
Slowly I began poking against Mickey's anus, trying to find the 
right angle and pressure necessary for penetration. I could feel the 
slight penetration of the tip of my penis through the anal ring, 
however, no matter how much pressure I applied, I could not get 
any further inside.
 
After working at it for about ten minutes, I finally felt myself slip 
inside of him a little. Mickey let out a groan, but I could not tell if 
it were one of pain or pleasure. At that moment I was too wrapped 
up in obtaining my goal to pay much attention. 
 
Just as I slipped inside of him, I pulled back out again, wanting to 
feel that initial penetration all over again. It took less time the 
second time to slid inside a bit, and again I pulled out. After about 
a half dozen slips inside and withdrawls, I decided that it was time 
to get down to some serious ass fucking. In order for Mickey and 
I to avoid detection with our love making, we had to try to limit 
ourselves to short times together. We had never spent any longer 
than a half hour together in my room. That day, however, we had 
already been in bed together for a half hour, and I had plans of 
keeping him there for another half hour, it not longer.
 
Slowly but surely I began to push my way inside of Mickey's ass. 
I could feel him trying to loosen himself more, trying to accept my 
whole dick. I felt for a few minutes as if I were attempting the 
impossible. Mickey's ass seemed too tight, and too small to 
penetrate with my cock, let alone fuck him after full penetration. I 
wanted, however, to get as far as possible. I wanted his first ass 
fucking experience to be as pleasurable as possible. I also knew 
that if I had to stop because of our size differences, it would be a 
long time before I would be able to try to fuck him again.
 
Determination finally won, and I found myself totally inside of 
Mickey's ass. I had fucked small boys in the past, some much 
smaller and younger than Mickey, however, I could not remember 
any ass feeling as good as his did against my cock. He was 
impossibly tight, warm, and moist. As I laid inside of him resting 
up a little, allowing him to get use to me inside of him, I felt him 
squeezing his rectal muscles against my cock. It was almost 
enough to make me cum.
 
When I began to thrust in and out of his anus, I did not think that I 
would last more than ten strokes. Never had I ever fucked an ass 
like his. I noticed that Mickey was not groaning anymore. Instead 
his breathing had became heavy, and there were throaty moans, 
definitely of pleasure in place of his earlier groans. He was getting 
into having a cock in his ass, it was turning him on. 
 
I reached under Mickey, and felt around until I found his cock. It 
was sticking into the mattress, rock hard. Rolling him onto his 
side, I began to fist his cock, jacking him off as I increased my 
thrusting, working his ass a little faster and harder every few 
minutes.
 
I decided that I wanted to "long fuck" Mickey. For me, long 
fucking was where I would stay inside a boy for as long as 
possible fucking him, without cumming inside of him. I wanted 
Mickey to get off while I was fucking him, so I turned my 
attention to his dick, beginning to masturbate him in earnest. 
While my fist ran up and down his little cock, I began to long dick 
him, pulling almost totally out of his ass, and then sliding totally 
inside of him again, over and over. This, plus the attention to his 
dick was sending him wild. He had one of the most powerful 
orgasms I ever witnessed him having.
 
When his orgasm passed, and his breathing began to return to 
normal, I turned my attention back to fucking him. After a few 
more minutes of fucking him on his side, I rolled him back onto 
his stomach, and crawled on top of him. For the next several 
moments I fucked him steadily and passionately. By the time I felt 
myself nearing climax, I was fucking him at a pretty good pace, 
one which I usually reserved for my boys who were use to getting 
fucked.
 
When I came inside of him I  came like I had not came in a month. 
I could feel myself shooting off inside of him with tremendous 
force. If I had been lying on my back in bed, I am sure that it 
would have flown over me and onto the wall behind me. It was as 
if fireworks were going off inside of my head. Mickey was one 
hell of a fuck for a first-timer.
 
I stayed inside of Mickey, resting on his back, until my dick went 
soft. Finally I rolled off of him, rolled him over, and sucked him 
off. I wanted to continue our sex play, and perhaps fuck him 
again, however, he announced that he had to "take a shit, real 
bad," and off he went, dressing on the run.
 
I laid on my bed naked for about fifteen minutes, hoping that he 
would return. When he didn't come back, I dressed, and went 
outside to roam around. I hoped that Mickey enjoyed our first ass 
fucking session. He left too soon, so we did not have a chance to 
talk about it. I am not sure if he had liked it or not. I decided that I 
would see him soon enough, and then I would find out.
 
I wandered off to the field near my house, one of my favorite 
boyhood play spots. As I was heading down a dirt path leading to 
the clumps of bushes, I saw a boy coming down the path with 
whom I had never had sex. In my neighborhood, at that time, 
such a boy was rare. I was extremely active, and few boys evaded 
my invitation to play.
 
The boy was one whom I had watched for a long time. He was 
about two or three years younger than me, and he was 
BEAUTIFUL. I had always thought that he was unapproachable, 
until I learned about a scandal involving him. It seemed that the 
boy liked taking his pants down and showing himself to any other 
boys or girls who were interested. He began to get a reputation as 
"Pull Down Peterson." (His last name, I altered, to protect his 
identity.) I heard that finally he met his downfall, when someone 
whom he showed his jewels told their parents, and thus his family 
found out about his activities.
 
I greeted the boy, and was happy to see that he not only 
acknowledged me, he came over to where I was standing. He 
asked where I was going, and I told him I was heading to my 
"fort" to play. He asked if he could join me, and I was beside 
myself with joy.
 
Once we crawled into the bushes, to a small clearing inside of 
them, we sat facing each other. I decided that nothing could be 
lost by trying to seduce him. I asked him to take off his shirt, and 
was a little surprised when he stripped it off without hesitation. I 
told him that I was aware that he liked taking down his pants and 
showing himself off. I told him that I wanted to see him, and 
asked him if he would take them off for me.
 
I was a little disappointed when the boy told me that he didn't 
want to take his pants down for me. He told me that he didn't 
want to catch my germs, or give me his. I wanted to tell him that I 
didn't mind his germs, but instead I tried to reason with him, 
telling him that it wouldn't hurt to pull his pants down.
 
When all else failed, in desperation, I told him that I would pull 
my pants down if he would pull his down as well. I could not 
believe it when he simply said, OK." Now that I had him agreeing 
to take his pants down for a game of you show me yours and I'll 
show you mine, I realized that I was still worn out from fucking 
Mickey. I couldn't believe that I finally had a boy who I had 
wanted for so long in a position where he was willing to strip 
down with me, and I probably couldn't perform if it came to it.
 
With both of our pants down around our knees, it was obvious 
that he was interested. When I told him that he could touch mine if 
I could touch his, he didn't hesitate, and his hand was wrapped 
around my dick, trying to stroke it to hardness. It didn't take 
much to talk him out of his pants at that point. He was interested 
in playing sex games. 
 
When I had him naked before me, my interest began to increase. 
The boy was as beautiful naked as he was clothed, if not more so. 
His little penis grew into a fairly impressive erection, naked of any 
hair, just the way that I liked them at that point in my life. It was 
easy to get him turned to a sixty-nine position, and once my 
mouth found his dick, it was easy to get him to respond in kind. 
The boy sucked as if he had been doing it all of his life, and 
perhaps he had been.
 
 
MICKEY
CHAPTER 3
 
He was doing a pretty good job at sucking my dick. I could feel 
myself begin to respond to his mouth. After a few minutes I was 
back at full mast. I didn't think it was possible to become aroused 
again so fast, but then I underestimated myself, and the staying 
power of a teenage boy.
 
I felt the boy's penis begin to swell, and I knew he was close to 
getting off. I wasn't sure if he could cum or not. I didn't think that 
he could, mainly because of the fact that he was hairless, and he 
didn't show any other signs of puberty. That was not always a 
sure fire sign, however, I had been surprised in the past by ten, 
and even nine-year-olds shooting off in my mouth during a blow-
job.
 
My guess was right, when a few seconds later I felt him begin to 
pulsate in my mouth, and he thrusted his groin in and out of my 
mouth a few times. He had a nice climax, but it was a dry one. 
Even after he came, he continued to suck me. The boy was a good 
lover. He had gotten off, and now he was making sure that I got 
off as well. I decided, however, that I would like to cum in his 
ass, or at least between his legs instead of in his mouth. If he 
followed suit with other boys with whom I had made love, I 
would have other opportunities to fill his mouth with cum.
 
Pulling out of his mouth, I turned around until we were face to 
face. I pulled close to him, and wrapped my arms around him. 
Reaching down with one hand, I pushed my dick through his 
legs. With my arms still wrapped around him, I began to fuck him 
between his legs. He had wonderful skin, soft and smooth. While 
I thrusted between his legs, I ran my hands down his back and 
over his buttocks.
 
In the past, while fucking boys between their legs face to face, I 
use to enjoy kissing them. If a boy didn't want to kiss, I much 
preferred to fuck them from behind. Many boys did not like to 
kiss during love making. They thought that it was "queer," and 
said that only "sissies" kissed. These same boys would suck 
cock, rim ass, and offer their backsides up for fucking, but they 
wouldn't kiss. I was hoping that this boy was not one of the 
former.
 
Tentatively I moved my lips to his neck, and nuzzled them against 
it. When he did not complain, I began to kiss his neck. After a 
few minutes I moved up to his face, first to his forehead, and then 
to his eye lids. Slowly I progressed downwards, kissing his nose, 
and then skipping his lips, kissing him on the chin. When he still 
did not complain, I moved up and brushed my lips against his. He 
didn't respond, but he didn't turn his head away either, so I was 
encouraged. 
 
I progressed from just brushing my lips against his, to openly 
kissing them. When I grabbed his buttocks in both of my hands 
and squeezed them a little, he took the signal, and he puckered his 
lips the next time that mine met his. He began to kiss back, at first 
with just little pecks. Eventually he began to kiss more fully, until 
our lips were joined together for longer and longer periods of 
time. 
 
I felt his dick stiffen between us, and as I thrusted against him, 
my stomach would rub up against his dick. I knew that both of us 
could get off in this manner. During one of our prolonged kisses, 
I darted my tongue out from my mouth, and pushed it against his 
lips. I met his closed teeth. He wasn't ready yet to open his 
mouth, so I ran my tongue around his teeth, and sucked his lips, 
one at a time, into my mouth. With another squeeze of his 
buttocks, he opened his teeth a bit, and allowed my tongue to 
enter into his mouth. Once I had an opening, I pushed forward, 
until he relaxed and opened his mouth fully to meet mine.
 
He was a little clumsy at first, but eventually he got the hang of it, 
and he kissed as well as he was getting kissed. We were French 
kissing like we had been doing it for years. He had lovely lips, 
and his mouth was sweet and clean. It was enjoyable kissing him. 
I felt him tense up during one of our long tongue kisses, and 
when I felt his body begin to shake and shudder, I knew that he 
reached another climax. I was close to cumming myself, but I 
slowed down and then stopped. I didn't want to cum at that time. 
I didn't want to end our love making so soon.
 
I held him as he was racked with orgasm, rubbing his back and 
buttocks, and kissing his neck and ear, whispering "sweet 
nothings" into his ear. I was happy to find that this boy was not 
one who just enjoyed rough and tumble boy sex, but was one 
who I could make love with, tender, sweet love.
 
Long after his orgasm passed, I held him in my arms cuddling 
him, my dick still between his legs. I had not moved my dick 
between his legs for quite a while, and I found this enjoyable. I 
liked long fuck sessions, both between the legs of a boy, or in his 
ass. Many years later I learned that this method of making love 
was one which ancient Japanese practiced with their boys.
 
Returning to the boy's mouth, I began to kiss him again. His 
passion had not diminished with his climax, and I was thankful 
for that, since I wanted to kiss him much more. After a few more 
minutes of swapping tongues and spit, he muttered that he had to 
get going home, or he would be missed. I protested that I hadn't 
cum yet, and he told me that I had to hurry so that he wouldn't get 
into trouble. The last thing I wanted was for him to get into 
trouble. I already had plans for our second sexual adventure.
 
He asked me how I would cum the fastest. He offered to jack me 
off if I wanted. When I told him that would take a while, he 
offered to suck me again. I was tempted, however, I wanted to 
see how far he would go. I told him that I could fuck him between 
his legs until I came, but that might take a while as well. Without 
skipping a beat, he said, "How about in my ass?"
 
Taking a few seconds to seem as if I were considering it, I told 
him that I could probably cum fast that way. Almost as soon as I 
said it, he was getting ready. What surprised me, however, was 
that he did not roll over onto his stomach as many boys did when 
agreeing to be fucked. This boy rolled onto his back, and then 
rolled back, pulling his legs up towards his stomach, offering me 
his ass in this position.
 
The position he got into was a favorite of mine, but one which I 
could not practice too often because of my size, and the usual size 
of the boys that I fucked. I agreed eagerly, and almost shot when 
he told me to spit on my hand and rub it on his asshole. Hearing 
such a ,then, vulgar word coming from his innocent lips was too 
much for me. Instead of spitting on my hand, I lowered my head 
and began licking his asshole. From his reaction I would guess 
that no one had ever licked his asshole for him before. It was 
obvious, however, that he had been fucked before, perhaps many 
times.
 
The boy forgot about time as he settled down to enjoy me rimming 
him. He was as fresh, clean, and sweet in his asshole as he was 
over the rest of his body. Making love with the boy was a real 
treat.
 
When penetration time came, it was obvious that he was use to 
having dicks in his ass. I entered him with only the slightest 
problem. He began to work on my with his ass muscles almost as 
soon as I passed through his ring. When I pushed all the way 
inside of his, he thrusted himself against me to get even more 
inside of him. I knew then that I was going to be treated to a nice 
ass fuck.
 
I rode Pull Down Peterson for a good ten minutes, fucking him as 
hard and as fast as I liked. Even my most vigorous fucking didn't 
seem to cause him any pain, although he was moaning in 
pleasure, and his head was rocking from side to side. When I 
came, I thought that if he had had his mouth open, my cum would 
have shot out of it. Intense only begins to describe the orgasm. 
From the first spurt of semen inside of him, he began to work his 
ass muscles even more, milking me for all that I was worth. 
Whoever taught the boy how to fuck, did a good job, for they 
produced a wonderful fuck boy.
 
When we calmed down, I learned that he came almost the same 
time I did, we began to get dressed. I asked him if we could "play 
together" again, and he said yes. He told me that he wanted to 
fuck me as well the next time, something which I agreed to 
without hesitation. Before we left the bushes, he squeezed my 
crotch, and offered up his lips for one last kiss. What a boy he 
would be to have as a lover!
 
I went home looking as if I had been working on a construction 
site. When I hit the shower it was great relief. Afterwards I went 
to my room to lie back, read, and relax. That day had been quite 
nice for me. I finally got to fuck Mickey, and I had a passionate 
session with Peterson, and his ass to boot!
 
About an hour into my book, I was interrupted by the sound of someone
coming up the stairs. I thought at first it might be my mother, but when
the door opened, I visibly shudd ered. It was Mickey dressed only in a
pair of cut off pajama bottoms. It was very obvious that there was nothing
underneath the shorts, as they were thin and almost translucent in the
light. 
 
He gave me one of his horny smiles, and from behind his back he 
pulled out a bottle of baby lotion, his smile turning into a leer. 
Before I could comment, he had the door closed, his pajama 
bottoms off, and his dick up at full mast. Coming over to my bed, 
he pulled my underpants off, and told me to roll over onto my 
stomach.
 
 
MICKEY
CHAPTER 4
 
I watched him over my shoulder as he sat on my buttocks opening 
his bottle of lotion. Putting a little on his hand, he pushed it 
between my butt cheeks and rubbed it into my hole. I watched 
then as he rubbed the remaining lotion onto his hardon. 
Wordlessly he laid on top of my, and put his dick into my ass. 
After a few minutes of fucking, it was obvious that he was not 
getting the type of penetration which he could get. His dick was 
too small to fuck me like that. I told him to get off, and rolled onto 
my back, pulling my legs up like Peterson had done earlier. 
Mickey was delighted as he trust once again into my ass, and was 
able to "get in really good."
 
I was fucked through two or three climaxes, and eventually it 
began to feel good. His technique, unlike many other little boys 
who just hump away aimlessly, was improving. If he only had a 
few inches more of dick, I would have been in heaven. When he 
once again shuddered and bounced down heavily against me, it was 
obvious that he was spent.
 
I was totally worked up by that time, even though my hardon 
ached from over use. I rolled Mickey over, spread his ass with his 
lotion, and after slicking myself up as well, I slid into him with 
fewer difficulties as the first time, and began to fuck him. I was 
pleased that he stayed with me all during the fuck, and I filled him 
fairly quickly with about a gallon of cum.
 
After we rested a few more minutes, he took his seconds on me, 
this time with me on my hands and knees in "doggie" position. He 
liked this position even better than the previous one, and stayed 
there fucking for a good twenty minutes non-stop before he was 
satisfied.
 
I decided that for my seconds I would take Mickey in a position 
which I had used only once with a boy.  Somewhere in my past I 
had seen a photograph which had stayed with me for quite a 
while. I could not remember where I had seen it, or how old I 
was, but the picture itself remained clear in my mind. The picture 
showed three older teens or youths naked with hard-ons. Each of 
them had a naked little kid with them. Two of the kids were boys, 
and one was a little girl. All three were kneeling, holding a kid out 
from their bodies. The older kid's dicks were in the assholes of 
the two boys, and in the cunt of the little girl, and obviously, they 
were fucking them.
 
To this day I do not remember where or how I saw this picture, 
but I remember the picture clearly. One time, after I had started 
fucking boys, I copied the position in the photo. I was ten or 
eleven at the time, and the boy was about six or seven. I decided 
that this is how I wanted to fuck Mickey, I wanted to hold him out 
in my arms, face up, and fuck him in this position. Lucky for me 
Mickey was not too heavy. Getting on my knees on the bed, I 
reached under him and lifted him , supporting his back with  one 
of my arms. As soon as I got him up, I stuck my dick into his ass. 
For a few minutes I fucked into him, and then I stopped, and 
moved his body on and off from my dick. When my arms got too 
tired to hold him, I laid his head and back down on a pillow, 
while holding his bottom half up to fuck. Mickey wrapped his 
legs around my waist, and whispered, "Fuck me good!," and our 
favorite position was born. Mickey enjoyed this position better 
than any other one, and for the next ten years we used it when I 
fucked him.
 
Later that same night I laid awake in bed thinking about the day's 
activities. Even for an active boy like me, that day had been 
special. Just thinking of all of the fun I had fucking Mickey and 
Peterson got me hard again, and I considered jacking off. Instead 
of playing with myself, however, I decided to take a chance I had 
never taken before. Slipping out of my underwear, I greased my 
dick up with Mickey's lotion. Quietly I snuck my way down the 
stairs into his house, and entered his bedroom. He was lying on 
his stomach when I got there. I pulled his pajamas off from him, 
and was about to enter him when he woke up. It was good that I 
clamped my hand over his mouth when I did, or the game would 
have been up. When he realized it was me, and what was up, he 
was in position in a flash, and I enjoyed a wonderful fuck. He 
fucked me as well before I left.
 
Just as I was slipping off to sleep, I felt Mickey slip into bed with 
me naked. When I told him that we would get into trouble, he 
said, "No we won't," and cuddled up. We slept together naked 
that night, wrapped in each other's arms. Many nights after that he 
would come up to me and we would sleep together after totally 
enjoying each other's bodies.
 
When morning came I would wake him, or I would dress him in 
whatever he had arrived in, and carry him back down to his bed, 
no one the wiser, or so I thought. At various times during our 
relationship I had expressed concern that his grandparents might 
discover our love making, and each time he had laughed and said 
don't worry. I had not thought too much of it until years later. It 
made perfect sense to me then. His grandmother was a strange 
one. She wanted him all for herself, which was the reason why he 
was living with her and not his natural mother. A gay grandson 
was perhaps the answer to her prayers, he would not leave her for 
a woman. She knew from almost the start that we were having a 
relationship, and never once did she interfere.
 
Mickey and I remained love partners until almost his sixteenth 
year. We experienced a lot with each other, and loved each other 
perhaps more than we loved anyone else. We had grown up 
together, and we had experienced many firsts with each other, 
including his first ejaculation, which as promised, was in my 
mouth.
 
Mickey and I did a lot to bring the old line, kissing cousins, to 
truth.
 
THE END
