Copyright 1997 (c)  GoDSpiT.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.


 Sex, Video, and Family Affairs:  A story of Michaels Perversions  (incest, pedo, m/f. teen, preg, lots of video actions, more)
GodSpit

========UNDERME DISCLAIMER========
WARNING:  This story contains elements of sexuality dealings with young children,  also
dealings with incest and pregnancy if you do not like these elements please do not read any
further,  if you do then the author and also the poster will not be responsible for  your actions.
WARNING:  If you are below the age of 18 please do not read any further; the following contains
elements of sexual nature.
NOTE:  This story is totally fictitious, any relation to any living people is purely coincidental.  The
author is not held responsible for your beliefs.  if you feel that this story is ridiculous or not worth
your attention then please just ignore it.  The Poster and Author are not responsible for you and
what you do with this story.
FURTHER:  Any videos in this story are all fictitious and should not be taken as reality in any way 
except that they come from the authors imagination as do the characters and everything that they do.
Thank you for listening now on with the story.
=========UNDERME DISCLAIMER=========



Michael's Perversions

by:  GoDSpiT

Part 1
The First Videos, and an Idea



I.

Michael hated getting up early in the morning, because it meant that he would have to be once again separated from his dreams of his little sisters, all six of them.  Oh how he wanted to touch his little sisters in real life but that was never to be Michael's dream come true.   Michael was sixteen  years old and the oldest of seven children.   His sisters were the following ages:  Mandy 14, Alice, 12, Tina 10,  Sarah 8, and Kelly and Shelly who were identical twins both 6 years old.   Michael knew that he was a pedophile but he did not usually care about that because of the benefits that he got from living with six little girls.   But oh how much he wanted to touch them and feel there little girl bodies next to his.

Even  Mandy with her small apple sized titties drove Michael almost towards the brink of the end.   God  how he wanted to touch his little sisters and feel there little bodies next to him in the bed.   His family lived in a huge two story house that was almost by itself.  The nearest neighbor was about 5 miles away.   It was like living on a huge plantation, and it did not help matters when almost all that Michael saw of girls came from his six little sisters.   Oh how can you imagine what it is like to live with six little nymphs.

Michael would wake up with a hardon and if it was the weekend he would keep a hardon for most of the day.  And jacking off did nothing to sedate his young teen sexual desires.   Michael would often dream of doing it with his little sisters, but he never wanted to force them to do anything, and he knew  that that meant he would never get anything from them.   But Michael was sure that it was better to not force and get nothing then it was to force and rape a small child or even another teen.  

Michael slowly again got out from his bed.   Not that he was  ugly or anything and that was what made him attracted to little girls.   Oh Michael knew that he could get girls his age and older.  In fact girls all over the school had looked  at him and even some had asked him out, but Michael was just not interested in any girls above the age of fourteen.   He had dated a fourteen year old girl but her body had been unappealing to him because her breasts were too big for his liking.   In fact no girl with small breasts had ever asked him out, and Michael knew that he would have to do it himself.   But he didn't want to, he wanted his little sisters and only them.

Michael was attracted to little girls, the smaller the body the smaller the chest, no titties were the best.  The more attracted to the girl that Michael became.   He wanted the little girls, he wanted to get inside his little sisters panties and feel what its like to touch those little pussies and slide a finger into the little holes.  All a dream something that Michael knew that he would never get.   Sometimes he would buy a fashion magazine because it had little kids and there fashions in it, and he would look at the magazine and jack off to the pictures of the little girls.  Recently though Michael had heard of the schools black market.  And it was not a normal black market.

The black market news came from a friend of Michaels Sam Gordon.  Sam had four little sisters and  two little brothers, sometimes Michael would spend the night at Sam's just to look at his little sisters in their panties or undershirts.  One weekend about three weeks ago Michael was staying over at Sam's when Sam told Michael about the black-market that someone he knew was setting up.   It was a porno black market and all you have to do is go down and look around and find what you wanted.   It was behind the old burned down warehouse across from the school.   And it was only open on Friday afternoons from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. then everything in the market was moved out and sent to another market.  So each week a new shipment of stuff was brought in.   Michael became very interested though he did not think that he would find anything interesting to his tastes at this black market, though he would like to try anyways.

So the next Friday Michael had gone down to this black market and seen a few other kids from the school poking around in its recesses.  He waited till only one or two others were left which was around 6 p.m.  then he went in and looked around.   The place was loaded with tapes, about a hundred on the shelves.   When he came in Michael looked around and pretended to be interested in the stuff even though he wasn't.  When he heard a voice behind him.  "Not interested in the normal stuff eh, boy?"

Michael turned around and looked at the man that had spoken.   The man was about middle aged with a receding hair line and his face had some wrinkles on it.  But other than that he looked normal.   Michael stuttered at first,  "No not really."   The man just waved Michael to follow.  Michael followed and the man led him to the back of the store.

"We got back here the stuff that only about a  few people every week ask about,"  The man looked over at Michael and continued.  The smell of beer was on the mans breath but Michael did not care,  "Beatings, submissions, pre-teen, pregnant, torture, and anything else your mind might think up."  The man looked around and continued,  "Each thing I just said has one shelf of about 30 videos a week dedicated to it so go ahead and look around and whatever you pick out I want you to watch and tell me if you like it.  Because if you do I will get you on a special order for it."  With that the man turned away.

When he was gone Michael looked at the shelves about twenty of them in all and finally found the one that was obviously pedophillia.   The first tape gave it away to him,  The Story of Heather  on the front of the cover it had a small paragraph about the video tape.  These were after all not the tapes up front that have covers and everything these were all amateur or if not amateur then pure black market.  The paragraph said:

The story of Heather, a ten  year old girl.   Purely Amateur.  No torture of any kind.   The story is about Heather and her father who decide to go beyond the boundaries of normal father daughter relationship and into the relationship of sex.   Has scene's of the following:  father daughter sex, undressing, scenes of Heather being video taped by her father with out her knowing.

Michael wanted it and he knew that he was not going to regret it.  Michael though was not going to be satisfied with just one copy and since the store still had an hour of open time, he decided to look around for some more interesting tapes.  And boy did he find them.   Michael had a total of six tapes when he was done,  they all were something interesting to his mind the titles and subjects are as follows:

April:  A young girl comes of age at the hands of her brother and his friends.   Amateur video tapping by the father, the brother, and his friends.   Many scenes of consensual sex, and some of non-consensual.  The non-consensual are really consensual acting non.  Very interesting.

The Teen Gang:  Six kids having sex and experiencing sexual feelings, two pre-teens one a girl the other a boy included,  the kids are all young teens none are above the age of fourteen.   bondage, some sodomy, more.


Daughter:  Documentary style telling.   Amateur.   Tapings by a father of his daughter, changing clothes in her room, playing with friends, undressing, showing off panties,  all without the girls knowledge except for the last twenty minutes.
  

Children learn:  Amateur,  parents teach there four pre-teen children all about sex and how to do it properly.  For you to learn how to get your family involved!


Tina My  Sister:   Brother and sister get it on, tells how it all happened in reoccurring scenes, so that you know how it happened.   Awesome filming from the man that brought you:  Jennifer the daughter of my friend.


Michael bought all five of these plus the first one he had seen:  The story of Heather.   When Michael went up the guy he just smiled and said to Michael,  "I  hope you enjoy kid,  forty bucks."  Michael pulled out his wallet and gave the guy forty bucks.   If Michael had known at the time that he would be making videos and selling them one day soon he probably would never have gotten involved with buying anything at the black market.   But the market did give him one thing,  teaching.   Michael was about to learn something from the six tapes.   Michael could afford them because he had a job that paid him about two  hundred dollars every two weeks.  

End I.

II.
(Tape 1:  Daughter)

When Michael got home he went up to his bedroom and closed and locked the door.  He had a t.v. and VCR because he sometimes liked to watch movies in privacy.  Michael laid down in his bed after he had popped Daughter into the vcr and gotten naked.   Then he grabbed his remote turned the t.v. on and then the vcr.   Then Michael was ready to start watching.  He pushed power and then he pushed vcr power and then play.   The whir of the vcr started and Michele was entranced.

The title credits came up:  Daughter:  The story of my child.

The scene opened from a camera that appeared to be above the room.  On the bed was a cute little girl.  She looked to be sleeping.   Michael was not surprised this was after all in documentary style filming which meant that it would be a little different than anything else he would ever see.  Michael slowly watched as the camera zoomed in.  There must have been some kinda of control board in the house somewhere.   The little girl was a darling.  A nymph no doubt about it.  Her hair was long and was wildly spread all over the bed.   Her covers were right up to the bottom of her flat little girl chest.  You could  not see anything else but her flat little chest, her milky white little neck.  Her beautiful white face, with a little pert nose and beautiful little close eyelids.   Michael felt his cock give a shudder at the beauty.

Very slowly the camra strayed away as a voice began to talk,  "I suppose it all started when my daughter was around the age of six, her mother died in a car accident and from then on the attraction I always felt for little girls had been growing on to my little Amanda."   The voice stopped and Michael was not surprised about the talking after all it was a documentary about the mans attraction towards his daughter.   The voice continued.  "Now Mandy is nine years old and she is so beautiful, for the last few months I have been filming her in all kinds of  environments.  There is no sex, but there is quite a lot of nudity and foreplay between her and a few boys her own age.  Please enjoy, and I am sure that she will make  you want to watch again and again."  So began the story of Amanda.

Day 1.
8 a.m. Saturday

The scene fades into Amanda getting up from bed, she was wearing a long nightgown that went down to about the middle of her knees.   The nightgown was  so tight that you could tell she was flat chested and you could see the beautiful thin body that this little girl had on her.   Her eyes were a deep dark brown that was almost black.  The scene was in total color.  Michael continued to watch as  Amanda put her hand behind her back and unbuttoned  her nightgown.  Michael watched as she let the gown fall to the ground.  Revealing her little panties.  The panties were a dark blue and they covered her little nine  year old mound so good.   Michael watched as she slowly hooked her fingers in her panties and pulled them down.  She stood totally naked.

God she was more beautiful than any girl he had ever seen naked before.   Michael wanted this little girl.  His whole body did.   Michael watched as the little Amanda walked towards the bathroom, and then she was off camera with her little ass showing the last of her.   Oh and how beautiful that little round ass was.  It reminded him of his little sisters.  And just when Michael thought that was all the camera's shifted scenes.

It showed little Amanda standing in front of the mirror, by the way that the camera was showing you could see her little ass from behind and her face and chest in the mirror.   Michael briefly wondered how long it took her father to set all these cameras up.   Amanda looked at herself in the mirror for all but a second, but Michael could tell that there would be more of that for sure.

 8: 20 a.m.

The camera in the bathroom came back on to show Amanda stepping in front of a  fogged up mirror, all you could see was her little ass.  The Camera was fogged up also, but Michael could kinda make out some things.  He could feel himself about to explode, but he held off as long as he could.   The door opened and Amanda walked out.  The cameras changed.

Michael watched as little Amanda stood before the mirror in her room looking at herself naked.  She had  a little beautiful body.   Her little pussy was so perfect that  Michael almost wanted to  cry at her beauty.  Her hair was put back in a ponytail, that beautiful long brown hair that Michael wanted to stroke his hands through.   Michael could not contain himself anymore.  He grabbed his towel and started to cum into the towel.  At the same time he watched as Amanda started to get dressed.

She slid on some white panties and God did she have such good little girl legs.   Then she slipped on some tight little shorts that showed off her little ass so well and her little pussy also.   Michael continued to watch as she slipped on a tight little shirt that when she lifted her arms would go up and show her little girl belly button off.   The scene slowly faded away as did the day.

Michael pushed stop on the tape he could not at this moment take anymore of the documentary it was almost too much for him.  If he watched another minute of it he would never recover.  He was still cumming in the towel.  Michael felt himself starting to fall asleep.  He slowly got up and got dressed.  He had to go downstairs and eat it was dinner time.

End II.

III.

Michael climbed the stairs to his room and slowly locked the door behind him.  He wanted to watch the rest of the video tonight,  it had already run though the first twenty minutes so only one hour and forty minutes left of the video.  Michael slowly pealed his clothing off of  his teenage male body and laid back down in his bed.  He pushed play and sat back to enjoy the rest of t he show, his cock was already rock hard.  

Day 2
6:25 a.m. Monday

The scene opens up to the morning of a Monday, and of course that means that little Amanda is going to be going to school.   It shows her waking up in bed and looking around the room.   Her alarm clock is going off.   Michael watches as she gets up and turns the alarm clock off.  Then Amanda strips naked again and Michael can feel  his cock throbbing from the beauty of her little girl body.   The scene fades away as the father starts to speak again,  "My little girl goes off to school, and I am left home alone to watch the tapings of the nights before and the weeks before tapings I have decided not to put in this finally edit."

4:24 p.m., Monday

Amanda walks though the front door and into the living room which is where the scene opens up.  She is wearing a cute little skirt that is cut off right at the middle of her beautiful little thigh.   Michael watches as she sits down and the camera gets a  perfect view of her little girl body.   Her little legs are so long and beautiful.  Michael likes the look of them and he wonders what it would be like to touch those little legs.   Michael continues to watch the video.   Amanda turns the t.v. on apparently because Michael can hear the noise in the background.   The door bell goes off and Amanda walks towards the door.   She walks off of camera and Michael can only hear though audio her beautiful little girl voice when she answers the door.  "Mark what are you doing here?"   She asked

A boys voice answered her, a voice that Michael could barely hear.  "Well I just thought that since your  father was not home that today might be a good day to fool around a little bit more?"   Michael watched the video screen as both Amanda and the boy Mark came into the room.   He was about Amanda's age and he was wearing shorts and a short that hangs almost down to the middle of his shorts.   I watched as they climbed the stairs in the living room upstairs.  The scene faded out and I sat back wondering if it was going to show them fooling around.

The scene faded back in, it faded in on Amanda's room.   They were both sitting on the bed and the way that they were sitting Michael could see Amanda's little panties.   Mark looked at her and said,  "so do you want to fool around Mandy or  did you just bring me up here to tease me with those sexy legs of yours?"   Amanda just looked at him and quietly took his hand and placed it on her little leg.  Mark just started to move his hand up her little leg.  Michael watched as she laid down on the bed and helped him by pulling her skirt up till it reveled her little panties.   Michael continued to watch as the boys hand reached her little panty filled pussy.  He watched as Mark started to spread her little legs by lightly pulling at them she spread them herself.   Then Marks hand started to rub her little pussy through her panties.   

Amanda Michael figured must have been fooling around with guys for awhile before this film was even made because it was obvious that she liked the feel of it all.  Michael felt as if he was about to explode but for some reason he held back and found the reserve not cum yet.   He stopped stroking himself and continued to watch.    Mark by this time had little Amanda moaning on the bed.   Michael could tell that she was about to  have an orgasm.  And he could also tell that this was not her first time to have one.   As Michael continued to watch Amanda went though her orgasm, giving one huge moan and then pushing against Marks hand though her panties and getting the best stimulation she could get.   When she had finished cumming Mark moved his nine year old boy hand off of her little nine year old  panty filled pussy and he slowly stood up.  

Michael was still in shock from what he had just seen now he was about to see something that he did not expect.  Mark stood up and pulled his shirt up till it reveled his shorts.  He slowly unbuttoned the shorts and then the zipper also.  Then he pulled the shorts down and next  he slipped his underpants down.   Michael watched as Marks little pre-pubescent cock popped into view.  The little thing was hard, it was sticking straight up from  his little boy balls and Michael was also almost as shocked when little Amanda took the cock in her pre-teen girl  mouth and started to suck on it.  Michael watched the whole scene, he watched as the little girl sucked the boys cock and he watched as the boy thrusted deep into her mouth as he had an orgasm.  It was too much for  Michael to take.  How he wanted to do that to his little sisters all of them.  How much he wanted it.   Michael came for the second time that night.  His orgasm  hit him hard as he exploded all over himself.   He would have to clean it up.  But he could not stop.  The cum just kept cuming as he had one of the biggest orgasms of his life.   God how much Michael wanted to do that.

A voice over came on just as Michael had finished cumming.   The voice over continued as Michael watched Mark and Amanda dress.  "Imagine my shock when I saw  her doing that with that boy the first time!   But God did it make me want to cum.   I didn't show the first time maybe some other time that will come out but it is way to personal for me.   anyways my little girl was growing up faster than I could imagine.   Her and that little boy were no longer playing with each other, they were  getting closer to sexual acts so I had to take it into my own hands."

Michael pushed stop on the vcr and got out of bed.  He had to clean up his mess on himself before he continued to watch the video.   Michael got into the shower and as he showered he thought of fucking his ten year old sister Tina.  God she was so beautiful almost like Amanda.   Michael had his first cum ever in the shower that day.

End III

IV.

Michael went back to his room after the shower and laid back down on his bed.  He had put the old sheets in the washer and was now laying down on new sheets with four towels under the bed with him.   Michael noticed that the  last scene had taken almost the rest of the video away, there was only about 45 minutes left of video time.  Michael pushed play and finished the first of the six videos.

Day 3 (final day)
Daddy's Sexual Education of Amanda
6:25 p.m., Saturday.

The scene opened up to Amanda laying in bed she looked to be doing her homework or something like that.  a knock came at the door and Amanda looked up ,  the voice of the narrator could be heard on the other side of the door,  "Amanda honey are you awake?"

"Yes Daddy I am awake."  Amanda said,  Michael watched with interest wondering how her father was going to educate his little girl.

"Can I come in honey we have to talk about some stuff."   Amanda got up from the bed and Michael saw from the view of the camera that the little girl was just wearing a long shirt that went down to about the middle of her thighs she was wearing panties under it.   She opened the door and the narrator was finally revealed.   Though his face was covered with some black spot, editing so that if cops ever got there hands on it.   The man was tall and by all accounts Michael had to believe that he was probably pretty handsome.  

Amanda went back to the bed and sat down.   Her little panties were reveled to the camera and her father for a flash of seconds as she sat down on the bed and pulled her shirt down over her knees.  "What do you want to talk about daddy?"  She asked.

Michael was hard already from just the panty flashes.  "Well honey its. . .its got something to do with the facts of life."   Amanda looked at her father and smiled.  "I think its time for daddy to tell you about  sex."

"Daddy we learn all that stuff in school nowadays."  Her father nodded and she continued.  "I mean friends of mine and me well we. . .uh talk about it all the time the older kids talk about the sex ed class in fifth grade all the time."

Michael watched and wondered what kind of expression was on the fathers face by his voice.  "I know that Amanda darling.   What have you done darling.  It's important you tell me, I wont get mad but I really need to know."

Amanda bowed her head,  "Well I have fooled around before,  with Mark you know from down the street."  

Her father looked at her and said,  "What  have you and Mark done?"

"Well I let him touch my pussy though my panties,  I don't want anyone but someone special to see me naked.   And I suck his penis sometimes because he says he likes the feel of it."  She blushed and Michael watched as her father rapped his arms around her and brought her into his lap.

"It's okay Amanda."  He said as Michael noticed that little Amanda was quietly sobbing.  "Nothing is wrong Amanda, you are just doing what any healthy girl your age does, you are experimenting."   Amanda just kept sobbing.  The camera did not have a good view of either one of them anymore just of Amanda little back but Michael could tell that the father was probably getting really hard with her legs rapped around him.

"But Daddy you don't understand."  She started to cry more,  "I. . .I don't want it to be Mark touching me.  The person I want to touch me, well it would be wrong for that person to touch me."  Michael  paused the tape for a second.   He was thinking what in the hell is going on here.   Something was up with this little girl.   Then he pushed play again.

"Who is that Amanda, and remember if there is love there is nothing wrong with it."  

Amanda looked up at her father and something was definitely going on in her little  mind.   "Well about a month ago I found a. . .a room with some kind of control deck and well I was exploring around and I found  a tape or two and played them and it showed me undressing or me  playing around with Mark.  At first I thought that maybe you were trying to make sure that I was growing up right but as I continued to watch the tapes I found one that had edits on it and I knew that you were.  . .well getting off on me."   She looked down and I saw for the first time proof that there was two camera's in her room.   It shifted to another Camera that showed the perfect angle of her touching in-between her own fathers legs.   "And now I feel you hardon pressing against me and I can't explain what I feel for my own father because it's wrong.  It's wrong for a little girl to feel this way about her daddy,  even one that is more mature than most.  And the only reason that I am  is that way is because mommy left me so long ago."   Michael could not help it seeing this little girl touching her father was almost to much he stopped pumping his cock and just watched.

"It's not wrong Amanda."  her father began.  "The fact is that I am very attracted to you, and I am ashamed that I set up all these camera's just to video tape you and your sexy little girl body."

"You really think I am sexy daddy?"   She asked.   Michael watched as her father just cupped her little face in his hands and nodded.   It all seemed so natural.   The little girl brought her mouth up to her fathers, and it disappeared into the edit but that was okay, something was better than nothing.   Michael watched as they kissed deeper and deeper.  He watched as the fathers hand slid down her little body and over her little round ass.  He watched as they broke the kiss and the father laid the little girl down on the bed.

"Are you sure you want to do this with me Amanda,  I mean I am bigger than you and it could hurt.  Mark might be a better choice for  your first time, even though I want it so bad."   

The little girl did not say a word at first.  She slowly brought her hands down and pulled her shirt up revealing her little  pink panties.   Michael was almost in shock.  Her father probably was also.   No more words had to be said except one thing from Amanda,  "you are the only one I want to do this to me, you are my father."   That was all that was said for the next twenty minutes.   Michael watched as the father slowly helped his daughter pull her shirt off of her head.  Then he lifted his own shirt off.    They kissed again with the father laying down next to his daughter.   Michael watched as the kiss was broken.  The father started to move down over the girls body.  He went down over her little chest kissing her along the way,  Michael could tell by the noises.   When the father reached her panties he slowly started to pull them off.   His little girl help him by lifting her ass off the bed.

When he had the panties off he spread her legs and slowly brought his mouth down over her little pussy.  He covered it with his mouth and Michael could tell by the thrusting the little one was doing that her father was tongue fucking her.   Michael again stopped pumping not wanting to cum till they both did.   The father stopped his exploration and sat back up.  He slowly pulled his pants off and revealed a pretty big cock it was about seven inches long and it was not that wide though.    The father laid down next to his daughter on her little bed and Michael watched as she climbed on top of him with out a word.   He watched as the father positioned his cock so it would go into her tiny little girl pussy.  He watched as she groaned and the cock thrusted into her little pussy.   The father pushed it harder and harder till it went into the entrance.   And as it did so Michael watched the pain on the daughters face.   They stopped for a second then the father put his hands on her little ass and thrusted once.  The girl cried out and the father said,  "It will only hurt for a second more Amanda, till I break your cherry."   She grunted as it broke.  Michael watched entranced.  The father continued to thrust and pretty soon the little girl was not in pain but in pleasure.   She  started to respond and thrust after thrust came and came.  Then both came.   Both cried out in ecstasy.   Michael also came at the same time.  His cum went everywhere.   All over the towel that was covering his cock.   He could not believe what he had just seen.  A little girl being fucked by her own father.   

After they had cummed both laid in her bed.  The father held his daughter protectively.   Michael loved the video and he decided right then that he would keep it forever.    The end came on as the scene started to fade,  "Me and my daughter."  The voice over began.  A picture of the girl in school clothes,  a white shirt that was almost see through and right little pants came up on the screen.   Her father with the face missing was in the picture holding her in his arms.  "We are happy together,  and always will be.   She doesn't' see Mark anymore, and I don't work anymore, she is sick from school a lot and it looks  like one day we might have children.   Me and My daughter,  maybe another day into our lives will one day be ventured.   But for now know that we agree that together anything is possible.

The End

Michael noticed that about five minutes of time remained according to the box.   And sure enough a surprise came on the screen.   The father and daughter were both there again.   It showed them on the living room couch kissing.  And the fathers cock was buried in her little pussy.   Michael watched as the scene faded away.   He fast-fowarded but nothing remained on the tape just white snow.

Michael felt himself starting to slip off into sleep so he hid the videos including the one he had just watched and he fell asleep.  

End IV

V.

The next day Michael was to remain in his room most of the day.  He went down to eat breakfast but then quickly escaped back to his room claiming that he had a paper to do.   He sat down and looked at the videos which one did he want to watch next he picked:  April.  Michael popped the tape into the vcr and started it up.   Blackness appeared on the screen for about two minutes of the air time then it began.  The title came up.

April:  A girls coming of age.

The scene fades into a boy sitting on a chair.   He is probably around sixteen years old and has dark  brown hair that was cut really short.   He was handsome in a moderate sort of way.  Michael did notice one thing right away, the boy did not seem nervous about being in front of a camera.  He began to talk,  "My brother and me started about a year ago to get attracted to our little sister April who is only right now eleven years old.   My brother is fourteen years old and I am sixteen.   Our little sister around the time that it all started was only ten years old.  This is the story of how my younger brother and my friends and I all got it on with my little sister.   The story that you are about to see, is the firs time we fooled around with her.   How did we get it tapped you asked?  Well my father agreed that it should be done."  The boy stopped.  "But the first real time is not shown,  we are only showing the first times of videotaping."

The scene faded away and Michael watched as it faded into another scene.   The scene was of a little girl in nothing but her panties.   The camera motion proved it to be amateur.   While Michael continued to watch he took in the little girls features immediately.  She had a small mole on her collar bone, an almost flat chest.  Little breasts about the size of small lemons were on her chest.  Her hair was long and blonde, her eyes a deep crystal blue.   Michael could already feel his hardon developing.   He watched as she rubbed  a hand along one of her little titties and pinched the nipple.   A voice spoke it sounded a lot like the boy at the beginning of the tape,  "Okay April that's enough fooling around get dressed we got to go out."

The girl spoke for the first time,  "Oh come on Billy I know you and your camera want to look at my little pre-teen body."   She slowly slid a hand down into her panties and started to rub herself.   Michael heard someone groan on the side of the camera and another boy appeared in front of the camera he was shorter than the other boy and probably about fourteen, but he had almost the same features as his older brother.   The younger boy quickly grabbed the little girl in his arms and Michael watched as the boy kissed her deeply on the lips.  He heard the girl moan as her brothers hand slid down into her little panties.  Michael was in a deep shock from the reaction he was getting from the video.

The fourteen year old boy spoke,  "We got enough time for me to fuck her Billy, and cool her down so just hold on to your pants or you could always jack off while I fuck her?"  With that the boy laughed and  Michael watched as the brother hiding behind the Camera moved into a position to film what was going on.   Michael watched as the fourteen year old boy slowly pulled down his own dress pants and his underwear to reveal a little fourteen year old cock.  The boy took off his sisters panties and laid her down on the bed.   She obediently spread her legs and Michael watched as the fourteen year old boy pushed his hard cock into her tight little hole.   In almost no time Michael felt his own orgasm coming on.

The boy continued to thrust into his little sister for about ten minutes.   Then it happened.  Both children moaned and the boy started cumming inside his little sister.   Michael could hardly believe his eyes it was quite a scene seeing this family getting it on.   The boy pulled out of his little sister and got redressed.  The scene slowly started to fade away into nothingness.

Michael was still lost on a high.  He felt this high because of the scene he had just seen on the television screen.   He wanted to see more of  this little ten year old girl and her two older brothers.   He wanted to see them all three getting it on at the same time.  Michael wanted to see everything and anything that might happen.  He was one horny bastard now because after all little girls always did that to him.   Michael slowly climbed out of his bed and went to take another shower,  of course he stopped the video first and turned off the t.v.

End Part V.

VI.

Michael slowly sat back down on his bed, he noticed that it was close to lunch time but he decided that today he was not going to eat lunch. . .well at least not till he finished this video.    Michael pushed play and sat back to watch the rest of the video.

The next scene faded in.   The sister was laying on the bed she had almost no clothing on except for a pair of panties, that were pink with white poka-dots.   Michael watched as from off the camera came the two boys.  Both were totally naked.  Billy had a huge hardon that was about seven inches in length is fourteen year old brother had a smaller one but not by much.   Michael slowly started to stroke himself at the presence of this scene.   As he watched the sister removed her girly panties and spread her legs as wide as they would go.   

Michael continued to watch fascinated by the scene.   The older brother laid down on top of his little ten year old sister and supporting himself on his hands he thrust his huge organ into her little pussy.   Michael watched as that huge hardon thrusted into her little hole.  He watched as the cock slipped into the pussy, it was a scene that Michael could only imagine what it felt like.   He knew she had to be tight, and god she was probably so tight that Michael would not have lasted more than two strokes before he exploded inside that tightness.

The sex did not last long, obviously the boy was in such tightness and the girl was so  horny that it could not have lasted longer than a few minutes.   As the boy climaxed and his cum started to squirt into his little ten year old sister  Michael heard from off the screen,  "Come-on Billy get your little sister pregnant."   Michael started to pump himself a little harder.  He couldn't help but imagine what it would be like to get a girl that age pregnant, or even one of his sisters pregnant.  

Michael got himself under-control as the boy Billy pulled out of his little sister and the other boy got up and climbed onto her.  The younger brother fucked his smaller cock into his little sisters pussy.  And Michael watched as she was fucked again by the younger brother.  It was not something Michael had seen before two boys doing the same girl at the same time.   When the younger brother had finished and cummed inside his sister the scene slowly started to fade away into nothingness. . .

Michael continued to watch, knowing that the video was reaching its last few minutes of viewing time.   The scene faded into a new scene.   The sister was sitting on the couch watching t.v. when the sixteen year old brother (Billy) and his younger brother  walked into the room.   Michael watched as they sat down next to her.   The fourteen year old boy started to run his hand up and down her leg, while the sixteen year old brother started to slide his hand down her panties.   When he reached her pussy she slapped his hand away and said,  "Not now fuck-heads I am trying to watch t.v."  The older brother seeing that his sister was not going to agree to the fucking that both teen boys needed so badly very slowly picked her up.   She tried kicking and screaming none of it worked.  Michael was getting so turned on from seeing a little girl not wanting something and the  boys forcing  (the reason for his arousal from this was not because he wanted to do it like that, but because after the whole sexual relationship had been established sometimes it is fun to play like you don't want it when you do want it).

The boys laid her down on the floor, still she tried to get up, but to no avail.   Michael watched as the older brother lifted her skirt and tore her panties off of her pre-pubescent body.  He watched as she started to scream in agony from this.   Then  the other brother pulled down his own shorts and put his cock in her mouth.  "Suck it now or I'll get dad to spank you really hard."  The girl seemed to want the cock more than the spanking so she started to suck.  Michael watched as the older brother pulled down his own pants and spread his sisters legs while she tried to keep them closed.  But he was stronger and soon one.   Michael watched as the older brother thrust his cock into his little sisters  unwilling pussy.  Michael watched as both boys cummed in there sisters two holes.   They both came and she swallowed her brothers cum.   The scene slowly started to fade.  

The sixteen year old boy came back on the screen.  "I hope you have enjoyed this first glimpse into our family,  more is surely to come someday.   till then April is always in my mind and I hope she will be in yours too.  Oh by the way I think she is pregnant, she is starting to get a round belly."   Michael squirted his cum all over the towel that he had covering his cock.   

Michael turned the video off and the t.v. also.  He put on some shorts and a shirt and went downstairs to find something to eat.   It was around 11:40.

End Part VI

Part VII.

Michael got back upstairs and took off his clothing again after locking the door to his room.  Then he went though the four other videos and picked up:   The Teen Gang.   Michael put the tape into the vcr and laid back under his covers to watch yet another erotic movie with young teen girls and preteen girls.   And the whole time Michael dreamed and wished that his little sisters would join him in the fun!

The title popped up on the Screen:   The Teen Gang:  Sexual Actions among Children

Part 1:  Introductions

blackness appeared on the screen for about ten seconds and then the scene started to fade in.  Michael was entrance almost immediately.  Obviously they were filming a party that all these kids were coming to.   In the room there was six kids three were boys and three were girls.   Michael was instantly hooked again just like the other two movies.  The girls except for one looked to be around the age of fourteen or thirteen.  All of them were either tight dresses or tight shirts and shorts.   Michael latched on to the preteen girl immediately because she was to his eyes the most beautiful of all the girls.

She looked to be around ten years old, and had long blonde hair that went down to about the middle of her back.  Her eyes were a dark crystal clear blue, and her nose was pert and lightly turned up.  Her body was beautiful.  She didn't have a completely flat tummy but the little roundness of it was still some how sexy to Michael.   She was wearing a tight shirt that showed off a flat chest with pointy little nipples.  The shorts she was wearing were tight and when she turned around Michael could see her little round ass and beautiful back.  Michael was so hard by the end of the camera showing the little girl that he was hurting.    And Underneath her in white came her name: (so that the people who watch the video would know the people's names) Camren.

Then the camera moved on to the preteen boy; he was about average height for his age of (by Michael's guess) eleven.  The boy had short brown hair that went to about the mid of the back of his neck.  Michael thought that the boy should let it grow out a little bit.   The boy would attract girls around his own age, he was good looking even a heterosexual male had to admit that much.  His name appeared at the bottom of the screen in light blue:  Jonathan.

Next came one of the thirteen girls.  She was very good looking.   With long flowing brown hair that went down to her little round ass.   Michael could hardly believe how much he wanted to suck and enjoy the feeling of her little girl titties.   He continued to watch her.  She had a flat tummy that was reveled when she lifted her arms.   She had on shorts that were tight and reveled every young curve that was developing on her body.   Her little ass was so round and perfect.  God how Michael wanted to touch this young girl.  Her name appeared at the bottom of the screen in white:  Jennifer.

Next it went to one of the fourteen year old boys, he had dark brown hair and  was tall and  handsome in a rugged sort of way.   He was not anywhere near Michaels type so he skipped looking that closely at the features.   The name appeared at the bottom of the screen in light blue:  Tony.

Another of the thirteen  year old girls appeared on the screen.   She was the most beautiful next to the little girl in Michaels mind.  She was tall just about as tall as Tony.  Her eyes were a deep dark green, her  hair a silky long dark brown.   Her nose was lightly turned up and her mouth was full.   Her titties were about the size of lemons.  She had a flat tummy and  beautiful long legs.  She wore a tight dress that showed off her body perfectly but Michael could not really see her little ass (but later on when he did see it he can say it was a round little ass that was perfect).  She was wearing a beautiful dark blue dress.   Her name appeared at the bottom of the screen in white:  Erin.

Along came the last boy.   He was also tall, but not as tall as Tony.   He had blonde hair and blue eyes, in quite a few ways he looked like Camren.  Michael again ignored a guys features, even though this boy was also handsome in his own way.  His name appeared at the bottom of the screen:   Adam.

Then came the last girl,  she was around fourteen or so Michael guessed because of her body.   She had a flat nose, which took away some of her beauty.  Her mouth was as full as Erin's and her body was not the kind that Michael was especially attracted to.  She had round tits that were about the size of large apples.  Her tummy was flat and hard to see in the dress she was wearing.  The dress was tight at the bottom and showed off her round ass, which was almost to large for Michaels attraction for little girls.  Her name appeared at the bottom of the screen in white:  Sarah.

After all six had been shown on the screen the Camera went black and Michael just sat there waiting for it to come back.

On the screen in white letters appeared the words:

Part 2:  The Swimming Pool Party

The scene faded into a swimming pool.   Off to the side Michael heard voices of girls and then Camren appeared before the Camera.  She knew it was there and she modeled for it.  She was wearing a two piece bathing suit that showed off her flat little girl chest her kinda round little tummy, her beautiful little crotch area.  Michael could see where the bottoms were starting to go into the hole of her pussy.  He wanted to touch that little area and make her wet, he wanted to have that little girl and he knew that he couldn't.    She laughed a little bit and Michael watched as that enchanted creature jumped into the pool.    

Next two of the  boys jumped in after her; Tony and Adam.  They cannon balled into the pool around her and when she came out Tony grabbed her legs and spread them.  Adam held her arms so that she could not escape, though she did not look like she was going to.  She had a smile on her face.  Michael watched as Tony brought his hand up her left leg and started to stroke her little pussy.  Pretty soon the little girl was smiling and a little moan would escape her lips every now and then.   Michael could almost see the two boys cocks getting hard.   He wanted to take Tony's place and touch that little girl, but for some reason he wanted it to be one of his sisters.   Michael felt his cock explode just at the thought of touching that little girl.   He felt his cock pumping and exploding all over the place.   God how he wanted to be able to do that to a little girl.   Then he relaxed a little stopped the tape and got up to go get something to drink.  After that explosion he needed something.

End Part VII.

VIII.

Michael went back into the room and laid back down in bed after he had taken off his clothes.  Then he restarted the video.  The scene that he had left it at came back on.  The boys were still stroking the little girl and all the sudden as Michael watched she went into orgasm.  Her small young body exploded everywhere.  The boys let her go and both swam away.  Not because they wanted to but because on the screen in front of him the other two girls jumped into the pull at the same place as the boys were not standing.   Michael watched as the girls both took off the bottoms of their beautiful little bathing suits.   Both girls were so beautiful.   The thirteen year old had almost no hair on her little pussy and the fourteen year old was really hairy.  Michael could not help but  get harder at the site of the thirteen year old girls body.  God how he wanted her, but he wanted the ten year old even more

Michael continued to watch  as the boys both removed there bathingshorts and two hard rigid boy cocks were reveled in the water.   He watched as the boys carried the girls out of the water and to the grass.   He watched as both boys spread the girls legs and fucked into there little pussies.   The ten year old was not even on the screen anymore.  Michael watched as the boys fucked the two girls moaning and groaning all four were very loud.  Till the boys let there loads go and the girls let an orgasm cum.  

Then she scene shifted to the little girl.   The little boy had some how appeared on the screen.   He watched as the boy and girl walked over to the  grass on the other side of the pool.   Michael watched as the little boy stripped the little girl naked.   She was so beautiful.  Her little nipples were round and so perfect.  Her little  pre-pubescent pussy was glistening with water.  Michael watched as the boy removed his shorts and reveled a small hard  hairless cock.  It was sticking straight up in the air, and the girl smiled as he laid down on top of her and fucked into her little pussy.  Michael watched as the two children fucked harder and harder. . .till they came.   Michael himself almost came also but stopped himself.

The scene faded away into nothingness and Michael got ready to watch whatever came next.

Part 3:  Slumber Party

The scene faded into a later scene.  The kids were all in there night clothing.   The little girl that Michael liked so much:  Camren, was wearing something that got him so hard that he almost exploded.  She was wearing a long shirt that went down to about the middle of her legs and it was white, and see though.  He could see her little panties they were so beautiful on her round little girl body.   Michael wanted to badly to touch the little girl but he knew that it was all just a video and that he would never get to touch a little girl.   Michael turned off the video frustrated.  He took it out of the vcr and rolled over in  his bed.   How much he wanted a little girl.  

He looked at the other videos and picked out one that might explain everything but then he changed his mind, if he was going to get  his sisters to join in he was going to have to come up with his own plan, not someone else's no matter how good it was.   But the question was how?  How to get his younger sisters, all six of them, involved in his sex games?

End  VIII.

author's note:  ages of the children reposted from earlier date in story:  Mandy 14, Alice, 12, Tina 10,  Sarah 8, and Kelly and Shelly who were identical twins both 6 years old

End Part I: The Videos and an Idea!

Part II:  Sexual Education, Family Fun, and Video Ideas

I.

Michael woke up the next weekend, he was home alone with his sisters.   And it would be that way for two hole months.  His parents were gone during the summer months this year because they had determined that Michael was old enough to handle his younger sisters alone.  Michael walked downstairs and saw that none of the three girls were up yet.  He was going to put his plan into motion today, but how to begin, how to get his little sisters all into the game.   Well that would be simple.  He would tell them that they had to learn somehow, and someway.  He quietly went back up stairs to check on the six little girls.    Michael was totally in charge of the six children, anything he told them they had to do, course his parents never thought that he would use that to his advantage in the way that he was now thinking.

Michael reached Mandy's door first.  His fourteen  year old sister slept with the door closed, but that problem was quickly fixed.  Michael opened the door slowly and looked in on the beautiful fourteen year old.   The covers had been thrown off of the top part of her body in the night.  Her face was beautiful.  It still had some child like look to it.  Her nose was flat and small.   Her eyelids were beautiful and underneath them was two beautiful little green eyes.  Her lips were full.  She had a full head of long dirty blonde hair like there mothers. Michael let his gaze wonder down lower on her body.  Her chest was still flat, Michael bent down on the floor next to the bed and picked up her bra which she had discarded on the floor.  'hmm' he thought to himself 'she still wears a size A bra.'  Michael let it drop and continued to look at his little sister.  His cock was already hard in his shorts.   He walked out of the room closing the door behind him slowly.

Next Michael walked into his sister Alice's room which was right next to Mandy's room.  Her door was open a crack probably because she had to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night again.  Michael peaked into the 12 year old's room.   She was still sound asleep her long brown hair spread out on the pillow.   Her nose was slightly turned up and her mouth was not full yet but still beautiful.   The sheets were totally discarded.  Her night shirt was short and showed off  her stomach.  It came to an end right under the small mounds that were starting to grow on her chest.   In fact just a few weeks ago she had started to wear the training bra because there mother had noticed the small mounds that were starting to appear on her girls chest when she wore tight clothing.   God how much Michael wanted to touch those little titties.  How many dreams had he had about touching his little sister.  

Michael moved on to another of his sisters rooms.  He arrived at Tina's room.  Tina was ten years old and to Michael she was probably the most beautiful of all the girls.  Her hair was long and went down to the top of her little girl ass.  It was dark brown almost black.  Her eyes were a dark green much like a cats eyes.  Her face was that of a little girl.  With small mouth pouty lips.   Her chest was flat with  to little nipples that got hard when she wore tight clothing.   Her belly was flat, but not perfectly flat.  Her little legs reminded Michael of the perfect little girl.  They were thin little legs, legs of a tomgirl.  And that was what Tina was.  Michael wanted to touch Tina more than any of the other girls.  Hell sometimes he wished he could spend the rest of his life with his little sister Tina.

He moved on to the next room Sarah's room.   She was also still asleep.   But  Sarah unlike everyone else in the house slept naked when it got hot at night.  The covers were on the floor and Michael for the first time saw in real life a little girl pussy.     He wanted to reach his hands out and touch the little eight year old's mound but dared not, at least not yet, for fear of waking her up.  She had light blonde hair that had yet to turn  color to either dirty blonde or brown.  Her nose was turned up like her mothers, her eyes a dark blue when they were open.  Her lips were already full with a grown up look.   Her chest was flat with two erect nipples on it.   Her tummy was flat with a non-little girl flatness.  It was almost like she was grown up but just missing the breasts and pussy hair.  She was beautiful, but to Michael she was no where near as beautiful as her other sisters who all looked younger than there age.

He moved on to the last room, which was always a treat seeing the twins in the same bed.  Shelly and Kelly were close sisters.   Both wore nothing on there top but always wore panties to bed.  The both had long brown hair that went down to there little round asses.   Both girls had dark brown eyes, and a flat little chest with hard little nipples on them.  They were holding each other, with limbs entangled.  They were entangled so that the two pussies touched and the girls would move sometimes and in some ways that made Michael wonder if they were already experimenting sexually.   He quietly went to his bedroom and hopped into the shower.

In the shower Michael imagined having all six of his little sisters in the shower with him and they were all bathing each other.    One of the twins was playing with the other twins pussy. while the other twin did the same to her sister.  Tina was sucking on Michaels cock while Sarah was helping by jerking on his cock, and Mandy had her small little tit in his hand.  Alice was kissing him on the lips.  Michael came in the shower as he imagined all of this going on around him.  He quietly climbed out and went downstairs to put his plan into motion.

End I.

II.

The girls all came downstairs at about the same time.   They were all dressed in at least a shirt and shorts.   The girls were turning Michael on faster than they had when he had looked at them sleeping.  Tina sat down next to him and the other girls all sat around him, but none were that far off.   Michael along with his six sisters all started to eat there morning meal.   About half way though the meal Michael felt a little hand creeping up his leg.   He let Tina's hand continue on its exploration.   When it reached close to his cock Michael stood up, and turned away from the girls.   Tina who's hand had been going up his leg was looking at him with shock.  She had expected him to stay seated and let her explore.  

Michael turned back and saw that all six of the girls were looking at him.  "How much about sex do you know?"  The girls looked at him.  "I think that since mom and dad have curtailed it so long with all of there 'little girls' that you probably don't know as much as you should.  So I have decided that its time for me to teach all six of you about sex.  Even though some of you might be too young yet to really learn, I think that hands on experience at a young age will help you make sure you don't end up with the wrong guys."  

Mandy was the first one to speak up.  "Michael I know about sex already,  I have been touched by a guy before.  And I may not be experienced but I do know something.   Maybe though its time for my big brother who was looking at me this morning to teach me more about sexual feelings and sexuality."   She slowly walked up to her brother and placed a hand on his growing hardon.

"You know you should be more careful Michael."  Said Alice from one of the corners of the room,  "when  you come into a room you should be more quiet.  I could hear you from a mile away."  She stopped and smiled at him,  "at first I thought you just came to check on how I was but when I noticed you were just standing there looking at me I knew that you were doing more than just caring."   Michael had a slight blush. 

The other girls  all spoke up with there own story about him coming in there room.  Michael was still in shock a little but he decided that he would go on with his plan.  "Its time then that you all learn about sex and sexual intercourse.  And I want to be the one to teach you.   That is of course if you want me to."   The girls all looked at him.

Tina got up and stood next to Michael and said,  "I think that you all agree with me.  We want Michael to teach us about sex.   God I mean how can I deny the feelings I have for him every time I look at him.  And I want to be able to please boys, and which better boy to l earn how to be pleased and to please from than our own brother who we all love?"   She stopped and looked at Michael he smiled and looked around at them all, they were all nodding in agreement.

"Very well then."  says Michael,  "lets begin with the basics. . ."

End II.

III.

Michael had all six of the girls sit down in a half circle about two feet away from him in the living room.  He closed all the blinds just at a happenstance that someone was to drive by the front of the house or stop by for a visit.  Michael  looked at all the girls and said to them, in a low voice at  first that got louder as he talked,  "now you all know that men have different parts then women.  Right?"  The six girls all nodded.  "Have any of you ever seen a man naked?"  He waited for anyone of the girls to speak up, it seemed that Mandy was flustering, but she was the only one that didn't nod her head  no,  "What about you Mandy have you?"

She nodded yes and said in a low voice.  So low that Michael could almost not  hear it, "Yes I have seen you naked a few times."  She stopped and blushed, Michael was in shock he had never known that one of his sisters had seen him naked,  he had always been to scared to let them because he was afraid that his cock would betray him.  "You were changing in your bedroom and you left the door open a crack a few times, and I heard you.  So I decided to see what a guy looked like down there, and when I saw your thingy I was shocked because it was big.  And one time it was even standing up with some stuff coming out of the tip."  Michael was in shock.  It must have been one of the times when he thought no one was home and left his door open a crack.

"That's okay Mandy , at least you know what a guys cock looks like.  Sadly enough you girls are not going to see the soft one that she saw, you are going to see the other one, the one sticking up, because I can't be soft unless I am satisfied, but that is for later,  its time for you girls to know what a hard cock looks like and what you can do with one.  First though we are going to learn all the organs of the body of both females and males before any of the sexual acts are  explained."  The girls all nodded in agreement at this.  Michael very slowly unbuttons his shorts and slides them down off of his body.  He then slowly sides his underwear off of his body.  His cock popped out of his pants and the girls all look in shock at the hard on that is now standing up straight in front of them. 

Michael looks at the shock on all of there faces and decides to continue to put the rest of his plan about this into effect.  "Okay this is a  boys cock I want all of you to touch it so that you wont be afraid of it."  Michael then says,  "Okay  Mandy you go first please, we will do this in form of age."  Mandy hesitantly stood up and walked over to her brothers cock.  At first she just touched it lightly with her fingers and pulled back when it bounced a little.  Then she very slowly encircled the cock with her whole hand and started to stroke it slowly.  "God that feels good keep it up."   Michael looked down at Mandy's hand as it continued to stroke his hard cock.   Michael could feel his cock was about to cum and that's when he pulled Mandy's hand gently off of his raging cock.

"Why did you stop me Michael."  

He looked down at his beautiful little fourteen year old sister and lightly kissed her lips, "I don't want to cum till all of you girls have touched it, I want it to come as a surprise."  She smiled and backed off.   Next 12 year old Alice stood up and walked over to Michael and very slowly brought out her soft little 12 year old hand and lightly touched her big brothers cock with one of her little hands.   Michael almost lost control at the touch of the child.  Her 12 year old hand was so delicate that Michael could understand why guys had started to look at her at such a young age.  God how he wanted to see her naked and run his hands over those small mounds.   She removed her hand after a few seconds.

Next was the girl that had driven Michael mad for a year or more:  Tina.  She was probably the most shy out of all the girls because she was the one that was most attracted towards her big brother.  Michael  lightly took her hand which was extended out wards from her body but not far away from her body.  Michael felt the lightness and smoothness of the small hand.  Her fingers were long and slender.  They were so light to the touch and beautiful.   Michael slowly stroked her hand and brought it over to his hard cock which was still lightly throbbing.  But what he was feeling for Tina was much more than just sexual.

Michael helped her encircle his cock and showed her how to stroke it lightly.  The other girls were watching and the last three were patiently waiting to see what it felt like.  When Tina's hand encircled his rigid cock Michael almost exploded but he brought it under control and gently removed her hand.  Tina looked hurt at first, but Michael smiled at her and kissed her on the top of her head.  Tina smiled at him and he moved on to the next of his sisters.   Michaels dreams were starting to come true and he could hardly believe the shape that they were taking.  

Sarah was hesitant at first but when she saw that Michael was looking at her and waiting she slowly brought her hand out to stroke the cock.  When her small ten year old hand put a grip on his hard cock Michael's cock jumped and the girl almost jumped back with it, but she caught herself and stroked it for a few seconds.  Another bit of pre-cum appeared on the end of his cock and Michael knew that he was going to cum if he didn't hurry them up.

Michael took her hand off of his cock and turned towards the twins.  Shelly was the first one out of the two to take hold of his cock.  Her small little girl hand would not even encompass all of the  rigid cock.  He knew that hew as going to blow.  She did not keep her hand there long; as to let her sister touch it also.  Kelly touched the cock about as long as Shelly did.  Kelly rubbed it instead of really touching it.  After she let it go, Michael spoke,  "Okay kids I am going to cum now."  He stroked his cock some more and before the eyes of his six sisters he exploded.  The cum went flying at first a chunk  hit the floor in front of Tina's face.  Michael had not planned to cum in one direction but it happened none the less.  The next spurt which was more powerful than the one before hit Tina on the top of her head.  The next one landed on her chest area.  Michael's cum soon stopped and all the girls were still staring in shock,  Tina the most out of all of them.  Soon Michaels cock was small again and forgotten as they moved on.

End Part III.

IV.

"Okay now girls I want all of you to get naked so that we can learn about the body of girls from all ages."  He stopped talking when Michael realized that all the girls were starting to undress.  "No we are going to do this one at a time so that we can see the differences."   The girls all stopped and waited for Michael to continue to tell them what to do.  "Okay we will start with Shelly and Kelly.  Since they are twins and the same age their bodies will not be much different."  The two girls looked at each other and then at there big brother and smiled.   Kelly was wearing a shirt that did not quite go all the way down to cover her little girl ass, and Michael was just now starting to notice such facts.  She was wearing white cotton panties.  Shelly was wearing the same shirt, but her panties were a different color they were a deep dark purple.  Both girls seemed a little shy about showing there bodies off to a boy though they certainly were not scared of doing it in front of each other or the other girls.

Micheal patiently waited for the girls to decided that they might as well get naked.  After all he had showed them his cock.  Both girls pulled the night shirts off of there little bodies first.  Michael watched his gaze fixed on the tight little girl bodies.  Kelly was a little thinner than Shelly but both had a round curve of ass that Michael could see just barely.  They had little nipples that were hard because of the cold air that was exposed on them.   Michael could see the outline of Kelly's mound because of her white panties.  His cock was starting to get hard again thinking about what it would be like to touch these little delights.

Tina was the first one to see his cock growing hard again.  The other girls soon saw it and were all staring at it again.  Kelly was the first one to speak,  "did Shelly and I do that?" Michael just nodded and the girls both looked at each other and smiled.  

"Continue."  Michael said.   Kelly put her hands on her panties and pulled them down sliding them slowly over her legs and then lifting one leg then the other to take them off.  She threw them on the floor beside her.  Michael turned to Shelly who was just starting to slide her panties off of her body.  He watched as she did the same thing as her twin and both girls stood facing each other.  Then they turned and faced Michael much to his delight.  Both girls had him getting close to an orgasm just by looking at them.   Their legs were tightly closed but that did not spoil any of Michael's view of the slits.  Both girls little slits were clear of any pubic hair at all and they were so tiny and looked so smooth.  Michael almost put his urge to test but then stopped.   "Okay now one of you  has to lay down so that we can see all of the organs of your pussy. "   Kelly was the one that volunteered for the job of laying down.  

When she got down on the floor, Michael helped her by spreading her legs and laying them down flat.   Then he brought his hands on to her  pussy lips and spread them wide.  "Okay now what you are looking at is the cunt of a six year old girl."  Michael could see it perfectly.  Her little clit was lightly raised and looked as it was heading for erection.  He could hardly believe it but his little sister was slightly aroused.  He let the lips fall closed and helped her stand up again.  "Okay now Kelly you and Shelly just stand their and watch your sisters and we will see what bodies look like on your sisters okay?"  The girls just nodded.  "You are next Sarah."

End IV.

V.

Sarah stood up and looked around, when she saw that everyone was looking at her she blushed.  "Don't worry Sarah."  Spoke Kelly who was looking at her older sister.  "We did it you have nothing to worry about."   Sarah smiled at her  younger sister and smiled slightly.    Sarah was wearing boxer shorts which were hidden by her long shirt which went down to about her knees.   When she had slightly turned to face Kelly Michael had seen that the back of the shirt had run up and you could see the tight boxers hugging her round little girl ass.  Sarah was smiling now and she turned back to face everyone, but her face was on Michael just as the twins had been.

She straightened the shirt so that it was all the way down.  Then she very slowly slipped her hands under the shirt on the sides and started to slide the boxers down.  Sarah was the shyest of all the children.  Michaels hardon which by this time had started to get soft again was getting hard.   Sarah was unknowingly doing one of the most sexual turn-ons that a little girl could give a boy.  Michael watched as she slid the boxers off and stepped one leg at a time out of them.   Michael wanted to run his hands up over those long legs of hers, but he held back his restraint.   Sarah looked down at the boxers and whispered to herself,  "here goes nothing."    Then she lifted the shirt up over her head.  Michael watched entranced by the beauty of his sister.  

Sarah soon stood naked in front of her brother and sister.  Michael followed her body from top to bottom.  Her little pussy was in-between her legs closed between the legs which were brought closer together.   Without a word she turned around and when she  turned on her side Michael saw the shape of her round little ass.   He felt his cock give a shudder and looked down,  more than just pre-cum was starting to come out of the cock.  He was about to explode again.   Michael did not think that he would survive through Tina.  He could not make it all the way through  Sarah how was he going to make it though the most beautiful little girl in the world.   Michael looked at Sarah as she turned around one more time.  Then she stopped and Michael looked at Tina.

Tina smiled at him and he smiled back.  Tina was taller than Sarah by a couple of inches, but she was smaller than Sarah.  Not that Sarah was fat or anything.  Just that Tina was built like her Aunt on her fathers side.  She was small, had small bones and a small body for her age.  She smiled at him and then lifted her shirt (which only went down to the middle of her thighs anyways) to show off a pair of purple panties.   Michael felt another shudder go though his cock.   Tina continued to lift the shirt over her head.  A small blush had formed in her cheeks, while Sarah was shy around everyone, Tina would have gotten naked in a second without thought if Michael had not been in the room.  Tina lifted the shirt off of her head and smiled slightly.  

Michael was amazed at her small little body.  Her little pussy was cupped in the purple panties and her chest was flat with two little hard nipples pointing from her chest.  Next Tina looked down and  put her slender hands on the panties and pulled them down.  Michael followed them down.  When her little pussy came to view he almost lost it all.  The lips were plump and thin and so perfect.  He wanted to spread her legs and have a feast for an hour or two.   She slid the panties all the way down and slid them off of her legs.  She stepped out of them and turned so that Michael could see the rest of her body.   Her little ass which was round and perfect.   When she turned back to him, he smiled and nodded.  She smiled back.

Alice was next, and she knew it.   Michael looked at her.  Alice was wearing a button up shirt that had the first three buttons down Michael could see the pure white flesh of her skin.  She smiled at him.  Alice knew that Michael wanted to suck on her small titties, but she also knew that wanted Tina  more than anyone else.  She undid the bottom two buttons first.  It reveled some bikini panties, she put her hands in the panties and very slowly slide them down off of her body.  And for the first time a guy saw her pussy.   Alice had a small puff of hair above her little lips, which were thin and beautiful.  How Michael wanted to reach out and touch the soft rise of the mound.  

She started to undo the rest of the buttons till the whole shirt was undone.  Alice spread the shirt and reveled her small rise of titties.  The mounds were round and had two pointy nipples on the top.  The tits were beautiful and he ached to touch them.   They were so small that Michael suspected that they did not quite fit right in the training bra.  She smiled at him and turned so that he could see her round little girl ass.  Michael had to resist the temptations to touch her or any of the girls at this moment, he knew he was about to cum.   Michael tried to hold it off and soon his cock was starting to relax again.

Last came Amanda.  The oldest of the  six she was also the most  mature in body.  She was wearing what she had worn to bed.  She was about the only one that had been wearing the same thing.   She very slowly pulled the shirt over her head, and reveled her small A size breasts.  Michael was in shock the tits were small and round, about the size of Alice's but a little bigger.   She smiled and pulled her panties down.   And reveled a clean cunt.  Her pussy lips were cleanly shaven.   Michael stared in shock.  "When did you start that!"  was the first thing that came from his mouth.

Mandy smiled at her brother and said,  "I started about a  year ago, when a boy at school who went down on me told me that a girl with pussy hair was no fun.   So I shaved it off.  Mom helped."   She turned around and showed her round fourteen year old ass off then she turned back around and smiled again.   "Okay big brother  you have watched us all get naked.   Which of us do you want to get  you off before we continue."   Michael did not even have to speak Tina walked  up and started to stroke his cock.   He looked down at his sister and she smiled up at him.  He looked at the rest and none of them looked exactly jealous, and not surprised either.  He thought about having sex with all six of them and then  spending nights with Tina and he came after she stroked him only a few times.

Michael spoke a few seconds after his cock had finished cumming on the floor in front of him.  "I think we should all get cleaned up, but no showers!  That takes to long, just get a towel and lets clean off and relax a little before  I continue.   Next we go on to sex and how  you do it in all forms.

End V.

VI.
 A few Minutes later.

They met in the living room all were still naked.  Michael looked at all the girls and his cock started to get hard again but not as hard as it had been at least not  yet.  He sat down on the couch and had the rest of them join him sitting somewhere.  Tina Kelly, and Shelly all sat down on the couch on either side with Tina and Kelly's little bodies touching his.   Michael smiled.   "Okay now are you girls sure you are ready for this,  I mean what comes next deals with intercourse and foreplay."   He waited for all the girls to nod and when they all had he continued.  "Okay then we are going to get started by me saying a few words.  There is nothing wrong with girl sex, or boy girl sex, or any kind of sex that you want to have...just remember that because we are going to try it all and you might find that you like doing it with girls."

Kelly and Shelly smiled slightly and Michael turned to them.  "What are you two smiling at," he asked.

Kelly looked down but Shelly spoke out.  "We have kissed before, and touched each other down here."  She spread her legs slightly and covered her mound.   Michael groaned and Tina put her hand on his cock, which he removed, and kissed to show that he was not mad at her.

"Show us."  He said.   The girls looked at each other and slightly smiled then both got up and started to lay on the floor.  "Hold on let me get you guys something to lay on."  Michael said.  He went into the closet and took out a bed spread and laid it on the floor in front of the couch.   The girls laid down on it and looked at each other.   Kelly was the first one to make a move.  She slightly kissed Shelly on the lips.  Both girls smiled wider and Then Kelly kissed Shelly again and the girls moved closer together.   Both sat up on there knees and leaned into each other, their mouths meeting and the lips coming together.  What started out as a short kiss became something far more.  Kelly's mouth opened and Michael watched as the girl brought her tongue into her twin sisters mouth.  Both girls laid down on the bed still kissing.  Michael and the rest watched as the girls spread there legs and each cupped the others pussy.  Both girls started to moan and Michael could tell that they were starting to get close to sexual stimulation.   Before he came and they did too Michael said,  "Okay that's enough, where did you two learn that?"   The girls both pulled apart not wanting to but knew that they had to.  

 Kelly spoke up this time.  "We kinda were poking around in Daddy's room one day about a month ago when we came across this video that was called;  Randy and Sandy."   Kelly stopped and where she stopped as always Shelly picked up.

"We thought it was like a story about twins or something so we wanted to watch it to learn more about it.   The girls in it were twins all right, and  for the first few minutes they were talking and stuff, but then they started kissing and whatever they did we tried.  We found we liked it"  Shelly said.

"So we started to play around every night in bed.  We held each other to sleep most of the time also."  Kelly finished.  

Michael looked at the girls and said,  "How old were the two girls in the movie?"

"About our age I suppose."  Michael smiled at this.  He had known it.  Know he knew why their mother always insisted that the girls get dressed before they come down for breakfast.  Or why she had them wearing bras when their breasts were still too small for them (Alice).  Or why when they wore the sexy clothing it was always when Daddy was  away which was about half the time or when Daddy was asleep still.    He was a pedophile, and that explained a lot.   

Michael remembered about four years ago when he could not sleep that he went downstairs and heard something in his parents room.   He went over to see what it was.  His  mother was fighting with his father about the father touching Mandy on her ass that morning.  Michael had  not thought anything of it then, but now he remembered times when the girls would wear short shirts or shorts and  Dad would always be looking at the girls.   He was a pedophile like his son.  So Michael had inherited it from someone after all.

"Okay, lets continue this education."   I think its time you girls learn how to get yourselves or other girls off.  Okay since you are the oldest Mandy I want you to get on the floor and spread your legs as wide as you can.   She followed Michael's directions exactly  When her legs were spread Michael said,  "Okay now girls come down here and watch how you get a girl off.   They all gathered around Mandy's pussy.  Sarah and Tina were on the two sides of Michael, on either side was the twins.   Michael lightly brought his hands to Mandy's lips, and for the first time in his life Michael touched a girl.  Her pussy lips were not perfectly smooth, like a child's but they were clean of hair.  He slightly spread the lips and reveled her already erect clit and the hole of her pussy.

"This girls is what your pussy look like, but all of yours are smaller than hers."  He pointed at her clit.  "This is the clitoris which is basically the organ that causes a female to have an orgasm."  He slightly started to stroke Mandy's clit.  When he did so she groaned and moaned a little bit.   "See what happens.  Okay now how  you get off is by playing with your clit like that or  you can slightly and slowly bring your finger into your hole.  Watch."  He slowly slides one of his fingers into her hole.  He starts to slide it in and Mandy moans louder.   "See."  He pulled away and looked at them all.  "Now I want you to get each other off, I am going to make sure that you do it right."  He watched as they paired off.   Sarah and Tina, Kelly and Shelly, Mandy and Alice.   "Tina, Mandy, Kelly you go first."   The three girls he told to go first got down between the other three girls and started to stroke the clits.   He watched as they did as he had done.  

Michael could tell that Sarah,  Shelly, and Alice were all hot.  Each of the three girls were all moaning and getting close to the edge.  He watched as for the first time ever Sarah and Alice went over the edge.  The two girls groaned, along with Shelly,  all three groaned and started to hump there mounds against the hands of their three sisters.  Michael was fascinated.   "Okay switch places."  He said after the first three had finished cumming.

Michael watched fascinated at Tina, who was the only out of the three girls on the ground that had never had a cum.  He watched as for the first time she groaned.  As the first time she heaved, and  moaned and started to thrust against Sarah's fingers.  He watched as his little Tina had her first  cum.  As she moaned and cried out her sisters name and grabbed onto the carpet around her.  Soon her thrusting stopped and Michael looked down at his cock.  He was cumming and had not even noticed it because he had been so  enveloped in his Tina's orgasm.   Michael came back from his own orgasm to see Tina standing before him.  "That felt good, so fucking good Michael, but it could have been better with you."  Then she smiled and sat on his lap not caring about the cum.   

Michael decided that they had all rest for a little bit before they continued with the sexual education.

End VI.

VII.
30 minutes later

Michael still had Tina sitting on his lap.  His cock was starting to get hard again, but Michael ignored it because he was  really ready for the next part of the sexual education with his six little nymphs.   He gently picked Tina up from his lap and sat her down on the couch next to him.  Michael stood up and began to talk.  "Okay now that we have learned how you get a girl off it is time for you to learn how to get a man off with your hands.   Tina come  here stand before me."  She stood up and walked over to Michael.  He took her hand and  wrapped it around his hard cock and smiled.   He slowly started to move her hand up and down the cock.   "Okay you girls see that?  See how I make her hand softly and slowly move up and down my cock?"  All the girls nodded even Tina.  "Okay Tina I want you to do it on your own for me."  Michael dropped his hand and let  Tina's small soft hands slowly stroke his cock.  He felt the sensations pouring though his body.  "Okay that's enough honey lets move on and let the other girls practice.

Kelly and Shelly both took his cock into their small hands.  Michael felt the small cold fingers as they wrapped around his hard organ and started to move up and down it.   He wanted to cum but somehow Michael found the power to keep from cumming as of  yet.   He knew that when he blew he would have a huge orgasm.   The twins removed their hands as Sarah walked up and slowly placed her small hand on his cock.  At first she just touched then wrapped her hand around it.  She couldn't get all the way around but that did not matter to Michael one bit, just like it hadn't with the other three girls.  She slowly started to stroke up and down the cock and soon Michael felt the urge to cum coming back again.

That was when Sarah smiled and slowly removed her hand.  Alice came up next and slowly slid her hand around the cock.  She slowly started to stroke the organ, and as she got braver she started to stroke it a little harder, but before he came Mandy walked up and started to slide her hand on the cock which Alice quickly let go of.  When Mandy's hand started to move down the cock and then back up Michael went into his orgasm.  He cried out and his cum started to come out of his cock.   He could not believe what he was feeling it was the  best orgasm he had ever had.  He was in bliss pure bliss,  he kept imagining that Tina was the one who was rubbing up and down his cock.  

When he finished cumming he got a towel and dried his cock off.  Mandy though  let all the girls taste a bit of the cum on her hands.  None of them seemed to hate the taste, which would be good for later.   Michael sat on the couch almost worn out.  He looked down at his cock which was limp but was slowly starting to rise again.  He then said,  "Okay are we going to continue?"  All the girls nodded and Michael decided to begin another part of the oral sex chapter.   "Okay Sarah I want you to lay down on the blanket and spread your legs."  Sarah did so without question.   She laid down on the bed and spread her cute little girl legs to reveal her little cunt.  

Michael went down between her legs and said to all looking around.  "Okay now imagine that you are using your fingers like you did before. " They all nodded.  "Okay now though instead of using your finger I want you to bring your mouth down on the pussy lips, and use your tongue on the clit, and the hole and whatever else you want to use it on."  Michael stood up and sat back down on the couch.  "Begin."  Shelly and Kelly smiled and  Kelly laid down and spread her legs, Shelly went down in-between them with her mouth.  Michael watched as Shelly's tongue slowly started to probe around the pussy and started to slide into the hole.  The other girls all  tried their best to do the same thing, but for all of them going down on a girl was a new experience.   Michael watched as the girls all tried to get it down.  Pretty soon Kelly was thrusting against Shelly's mouth and she reached her orgasm.   The other two girls followed soon after that.

Michael was getting impatient so he said,  "Okay I think you guys got the hang of that,  It  is time to move on to more things than that."

End VII.

VIII.

The girls looked at him and his cock started to throb from what he had in idea for next.  "Okay  Alice I want you to come over here please."   The 12 year old stood up from where she had been laying and walked to where he was her small little titties moving with ever step.  Michael said slowly.  "I want you to get on your knees between my legs and take my cock and put it in your mouth just like you did with Mandy's pussy."  She looked a little shocked at first but slowly she opened her mouth and brought it down on his cock slowly.  Michael felt his cock sliding in the warm little 12 year old mouth.  He felt her tongue along the bottom of the cock.  "Use  your tongue to stimulate."  She kinda moved it around.  "Okay slowly side out."  She did so.  "Now flick your tongue on the end of the cock and very slowly flick it and  lick it and rub your tongue up and down it and then move away."   Alice slowly slide her tongue out and touched the tip of his cock slightly.  Michaels organ jumped and then relaxed.  She did it again and the cock jumped further.    Then slowly she started to run her tongue up and down the cock till she was back up at the head.  Michael smiled and she moved off.    God how he wanted to explode.

Next  Sarah moved up to his cock.  She slowly slide her mouth up and down his cock and started to poke at the tip with it till she was about to drive him insane.  Then she slipped her mouth over the cock and then brought it back out and stepped back.   Kelly and Shelly both came up to him and while one licked the other flicked and then they traded places and then one by one they both put about half of his cock in their small mouths.   Then came Mandy.  She slowly brought his cock close to orgasm by doing everything as a pro.  She slid her mouth over the cock and then she slid it under the cock and she flicked her tongue and stepped back.

Tina walked up and smiled at him then she knelt before him.  What happened Michael never intended to happen but it did anyways.  At first she flicked her tongue out trying to decided if she was going to like the taste of the cock or not.  Then she slowly ran her tongue up and down the cock.  Michael felt as if any second he would explode.  When her mouth enveloped his cock that was it Michael was gone.   "Tina honey I am going to cum you gotta get off the cock."  She did no such thing in fact she seemed to want him to cum in her little mouth.  Michael felt it cuming and when it did he laid his hands on her head and held her in place.  Tina did not seem to mind at all.   When he started to cum she started to swallow.  Michael watched as his ten year old sister swallowed almost all of his cum.  The she slowly removed her mouth from his spent cock and leaned back smiling a little bit.

"Gosh Michael, I never knew that that would happen."  Then she giggled her cute little girl laugh and climbed up and slowly stood back.  Michael was ready to teach the last lesson.

End VIII.

IX.

"Okay its time girls to move on to the last lesson, and since Mandy is the oldest I will use her for this lesson and only her."  Michael slowly stood up as his cock started to get hard.  "Mandy go lay down and spread your legs."   She did so.  Michael went over to her and slowly laid down on top of his sister.  He could hardly believe that he was about to fuck one of his sisters.    Mandy smiled at him as Michael felt his cock start to slid into her pussy.  The other girls all watched with fascination, except Tina for some reason she was not in the room anymore.  Michael had no more time to think about that.  He felt his cock slide into his sister and he felt as he passed into her little hole.  He was in bliss in seconds as he started to fuck his fourteen year old sister.  His cock started to move in and out as she started to  move with him.   

Michael could almost feel his cum starting when he realized what he was doing.  He was fucking his sister.  What if she got pregnant.  What if the baby was born deformed or some shit like that.  Michael wanted to pull out but found he couldn't.  He was going to explode and he could not stop himself.  Michael loved the feel of a cunt rapped around his cock.  He loved the feel of going in and out of a pussy.  He knew that he was going to cum and he knew that he could not stop.   Michael felt his cock slowly start its orgasm.  When the orgasm Michael started to shudder and Mandy started to cum also.  Her cunt started to grip his cock and milk him for all he was worth.  Michael felt as if he was being drained away as if he was loosing it all.   Michael kept cumming though it did not stop.  He kept on going until he was milked dry for at least an hour or to.

Michael slowly pulled out of Mandy's pussy and laid down next to her for a second.  His cock did not rise.  He sat on the couch and saw that Mandy was slowly falling asleep.  "That my sisters conclude our study at least until you can find some boys that want to learn more about sex."  He looked around and saw that Tina still was not in the room.  He looked around one more time and then said,  "Where is Tina."   

Sarah spoke up,  "When you climbed on top of Mandy  she got up from where she was sitting and left the room.  We don't know where she is probably in her room."  Michael looked down.  He knew what was wrong she was mad at him or she was disappointed or something.   He had wanted to make love to Tina but when Michael got to the point of Making love he had realized that while he loved her deeply she was still too small for him to even think about doing anything more than oral with her.   He slowly stood up.

"I am going up to talk to her, you girls stay here and think about what I said, about finding some boys that want to learn about sex."   With that Michael got up and left the room.   

He climbed the stairs and when he reached the top of the flight he followed the sound of the sobs that  were coming from down the hall.   He found her laying on her bed with her little round ass and her small head showing, along  with her small little back and her long little girl legs.  Michael slowly walked over to her and sat down next to her head.  He slowly reached out and started to stroke her long beautiful hair.  "What's wrong jellybean."  

She turned around,  Michael saw the tears that were lining her face.  She pushed his hand away from her hair,  "Don't call me that anymore,  leave me alone I don't want your comfort you choose everyone over me now."   

Michael  got down so that his face was facing hers.  "Tina, I love you.  God how do I love you if you only knew."  He stopped and lightly kissed one of her wet cheeks.   "But I can't go around picking you all the time for everything its not fair to pick you for it all.  The other girls have to learn also."   

She pushed away from him and said,  "Yeah well then why didn't you pick me for sex!  Mandy has already had that before. Its not fair if you love me then you should have picked me."

Michael sighed and walked to where she was still standing.  He reminded himself how small she was.  She looked like an eight  year old.   Probably had the same body as an eight year old.   She was so thin and barely even came up to the bottom of his chest.  Michael slowly enveloped her tiny body in a hug.  She tried to pull away but Michael would not let her.  He knelt before her till they were eye to eye.  "Tina  you are too small for that kind of thing.  I couldn't do it to you because of your body size."  She still was not letting him get any closer.  "Tina look at me."  She looked up at him.  "Remember  when you swallowed my cum, or when you touched my cock the first time?"  She slowly nodded.  "I held my cum off though all five of your sisters who all did the same thing you did, and some even had a little  experience,  I didn't cum till you because I wanted it that way.  In fact if you had tired to do anything before being the last person I wouldn't have let you."  Michael  stopped when he saw that she was looking down at his cock.  He was hard again and here he had thought that he would not get another rise for an hour or two.  "See look what you do to me."

She nodded slowly and brought her hand out to grab his hard cock.  "Why won't you make love to me then."  Her small hand encircled his cock and Michael smiled.   

" I am to scared of hurting you Tina."

"But I want it so badly Michael so badly."   She smiled.  "See."  She took Michaels hand and slowly slid it down to cup her little pussy lips.  When Michael felt the wetness there he almost cried out.  His little sister was wet because of him.   

"We can't Tina, I don't want to hurt you ever."

She looked up at him her  huge green eyes capturing his.   "Michael we both want it, if it hurts we can stop, but I don't think I will ever want you to stop."  She smiled and Michael decided to take the plunge.....

End IX

X.

Michael looked at his little sister, the one that he loved more than any of the other girls in his whole family.   His left hand slowly cupped her small little  cheek and Tina smiled slightly.  "You're sure that you...."

"I am sure that I want this brother."  She smiled as he continued to rub her small cheek.   He slowly leaned in and kissed her lightly on the lips.  It felt like a fire had gone though her lips and into his  when they touched.  It was almost like a shock.  Michael pulled away and softly smiled.  Then he leaned back in and lightly kissed her again on the lips.  When they connected again Michael never wanted to let his lips slip away from hers.  Slowly he let his tongue lean out into her mouth.  Tina slowly  opened her lips and let the tongue seep in.  There tongues meet and curl together in her small hot little mouth.  Michael could feel his hard on against the light skin of her upper leg.  

Michael slowly brought the kiss to an end and smiled at his sister.  He slowly took his ten year old daughter into  his arms and lightly laid her down  onto the bed.  Michael looked down at her bright green eyes.  Then he laid down next to her and let her climb on top of him.  When she was on top of him Michael smiled up at her and put his hands on her back and guided her mouth towards his.  Michael smiled as she pushed away from him and he felt her small pussy lips go down on his hard cock.  Michael felt the small organ grinding against his large one.  He slowly started to make her little body move back and forth over the hard organ.  

Michael slowly said to her,  "I love you Tina always."  His little sister who was about to have an orgasm smiled down at him and leaned into him and they kissed as she started on her first orgasm.  Michael felt it as she started to move up an down on his cock.  He could not help it.  This was the best time.  He positioned his hardon so that he could guide her cunt onto the top of the cock.  Tina started to come down and Michael slowly started to guide his cock into her little pussy.  He could feel the lips of her pussy and as he pushed into her cunt slowly.  The lips were so small and so tight. 

Tina gasped as she felt the cock start to break into her cunt.  She wanted to tell Michael not to do it but when she felt the cock start to slide into her small little hole.  Michael was in shock from the tightness that was starting to swallow his cock.   He never imagined that a cunt could be this tight.   He slowly felt her cherry and that was when he knew that he would have to act fast.  Michael pushed into her cunt, he broke the cherry and she cried out a little in pain.  He grabbed hold of his little sister and held her watched as a tear appeared in the corner of each eye and one appeared in his also.  Michael slowly felt it as his cock went about halfway into her cunt.  He did not try to go any further form fear.  He slowly started to move in and out of her pussy.   

Tina was no longer in her orgasm but what she felt was the start of another one.  The pain from him entering her and breaking her cherry was gone now.  Tina started to move with her brother feeling his hard big huge cock in her little pussy.  She could feel the tight fit of the cock in the cunt,  it was like there was almost no room at all in  her anymore.  Michael continued to move and soon Tina started  to moan and Michael started to rub her ass and  hold it while he fucked her harder and harder.  Michael was about to cum.  But Tina came first.   When her little cunt started to  clinch on his cock Michael came.  She was milking him far worse than even Mandy had done.  Her little cunt was squeezing his cock harder than any cunt had ever done.  

Michael kept cumming.  He could not stop it went on for about four minutes along with Tina's Orgasm.  Michael could not help it.  When he finished and his cock was limp Tina laid down on his tummy she was crying a little bit as was Michael.  He slowly started to stroke her hair.   "Why are you crying Jellybean."  He slowly asked her as he caught his breath.

"Cause it was so beautiful."  Michael continued to stroke her hair lightly.   "I love you."

Michael smiled and kissed her forehead lightly.  "I Love you Jellybean."  She  lightly looked up and kisses him on the lips.  

"Why do you call me that?"

Michael looked down at her and they kissed deeply before he told her.  "Because you are my Jellybean."  No more answer was needed.

End X.

Two Weeks Later.

XI.

Michael was walking down the hall when he heard soft crying coming from the hardly open door of Mandy's room.  At first he thought that it was Mandy's crying but when he opened the door slightly he saw that Mandy was holding her sister Alice while the 12  year old girl cried.   Michael softly walked in the room and sat on the bed next to his two sisters.  He looked at Mandy who at first did not acknowledge that he was there.  Then Michael spoke.   "What's wrong?"  Mandy looked up at him and her eyes got really huge then she whispered something in Alice's ear and Alice nodded.

"Well promise you won't tell mom and dad just yet."   Michael nodded and she said,  "No you have to promise brother."

"Okay  I promise that I won't tell mom and dad."   He held his hand up while he said it.   It must have been good enough for Michael because Mandy began her tale.

"Well the week after you taught us about sex and all of that, Alice decided to mess around at school with one of the boys that had been eyeing her growing body.   His name was Danny Allen, you know the boy from down the street the one with the skater cut?"  Michael nodded as she continued.  "Well after school and after she had hinted to him at school by letting him touch her breasts in the bathroom during fourth period.   They went to his house and were fooling around kissing and everything on his bed.  She sucked him and he ate her out and all of that crap, then he said that he wanted to fuck her.  He asked her if she had started having periods and all of that shit  and Alice told him that she had not started yet, which surprised him because she was 12 and  had a nice set of tits.  At that she smiled and as he got her naked she saw that he was going to fuck her.  Alice wanted it Michael but she was just not sure how it would feel.  But she wanted it.  Anyways he slowly slipped into her and broke her cherry and everything.   Well when he came in her she wondered if she could have gotten pregnant from that.  But then she forgot all about that after all she had just had her first fuck from a really handsome boy. 

"Anyways its now a week later and well Alice came to me this morning because for the last few days she has woken up sick in the morning and she was scared that she might be pregnant, because that is one of the signs of pregnancy.  Well anyways to make a long story short, I gave her a pregnancy test one that I bought as an extra in case my pregnancy test the first one came out positive or some crap like that.   Anyways hers turned out positive.  She is pregnant Michael, and I know it for a fact because it was an EPT or error proof test."  Alice was still lightly crying and  Michael was in shock himself.   When he had started this game he had not planned on taking it this far.  And now that the parents thought he could be trusted they were leaving for the rest of the next to months to go looking for live stock.    Which was cool.

Michael spoke.  "We have to tell them before they leave for Oklahoma.  Their is no option there."  Michael paused for a second and looked down at his hands.  "It might mean the end of everything we do when they are not around, but we have to tell them what happened to Alice, we have no choice about that.   I heard a rumor once, but I didn't think much about it till now. . .the rumor was that mom and dad were cousins or half cousins or something like that,  doesn't matter the point is that the rumor might be true.  I doubt it but it might be true."

Mandy looked down at Alice who was looking at her brother.  "When do we tell them."  Mandy asked.

Alice spoke up.  "Now!  I don't want to wait, I thought I should but Mike is right we should tell mom and dad about it. . .and maybe they will have a story for us at the same time."   Michael looked at Alice and smiled.   They slowly all got up from the bed and started to go down stairs.   Michael quickly pinched Alice's ass and she turned around and said, "why did you do that?"

Michael smiled as he saw Tina walk out of her room, and the twins coming down from their room.  "Cause you are still sexy even if you are trapped in a condition."   He quickly told the other kids about what was going on and that they were about to tell the parents something important.  And with that done he lightly picked Tina up in his arms and kissed her on the lips before they reached the stairs and started down.  She only smiled at her big brother, her lover. Who had come to her room last night like he did most nights.   

End XI.

XII.

They reached the down stairs and Michael whispered something to all the kids.  "I have an idea to make some money us making a video or two to sell on the black market and I want to put it together while mom and dad are gone unless after what we announce they want to join in also,  anyways  get the  boys you want to star in it all of you except you JellyBean you already got your man."  With that he planted a kiss on her cheek and the kids went in to tell the parents what was going on with Alice and much much more.

Before any of them sat down at the table and their parents were looking at them Alice said to her parents.  "Mom dad I am pregnant."  At first no reaction came at all.

Then her mother jumped up from the chair and almost yelled.  "I Want to know the meaning of this joke now children!"  

Michael bowed his head and Mandy stepped forward,  "It is no joke mother.  Alice is pregnant."

"And exactly where did she learn how to have sex!  And who in the  hell thinks that they can just fuck my daughter with out first meeting her parents, and why the fuck are all of you looking so guilty about."

Michael was the next on to speak. "I taught Alice about sex, someone had to before it became to late."   

 His mother looked at him,  "And exactly how did you teach her,  did you tell her it was okay to go out and fuck any bastard and get pregnant."

"NO I taught her no such thing mother!  I taught her how sex was done, and how it could be pleasurable that is all I did, the next lesson was going to start the next day, but you came home early!"

Their mother looked around at her children.  She noticed that Tina stood close to Michael and that the Twins were as always broken off close to each other.  Sarah did not look like she belonged anywhere but she did look like she knew what was going on.  Mandy was  protecting her younger sister Alice who was pregnant.  Martha bowed her head and looked again at her children.  How could she have been so blind to not see it she should have stopped it sooner.  She closed her eyes and nodded as her husband stood up and walked  out of the room.  He knew this was her story not his now.    "Let me tell you something before you tell me about how it all started...something that happened between  your father and me something that was incestful and something that I thought my kids would never experience not that it matters or that their is something wrong with it because their is not that is a Christian belief, many cultures in fact have it where their children experience first sex with parents or with siblings or even marry siblings.   My story begins when I was nine years old and your father was 18 years old. . .

End XII.

End Part II.

Authors Note:  Martha is the mothers first name...James is the fathers first name,  The story is told from the mothers point of view.

Part III:  Mom's Story and the Start of the Videos

I.

" My story begins before any of you were even a real thought in my mind.  Sure sometimes I thought about having a child to ease my loneliness but that was not a real reality.  You see  my parents were not exactly around that much because they were both very busy people.   But when they were around they would often hash on about politics with each other and crap like that.  It was during my ninth year of life that things would change.  My parents decided to get someone to baby-sit me for the summer while they went on  a second  honeymoon together to spend sometime away from everything.  Lucky for them  your fathers parents had the same plan in mind.  Their son had just turned 18 and was gong to leave for college in the fall.   They collaborated with my parents and agreed that for the price of  30 bucks a day James (your father) would baby-sit me all summer long.   It was around 2000 dollars for the whole thing which was not that much to two people that made well over a million dollars a  year combined.

"So there it was I was going to have a cousin come and watch me.  Let me tell you I was not too thrilled of the idea of having someone I didn't know watch me while my parents went away for three months.   It was not something that you would exactly enjoy.   It was the day before my parents were to leave that James arrived at the house.  He was handsome, when I saw him then only being a nine year old girl I still thought he was handsome.  He had brown hair that was long, but not too long it only went down to about his collar.   His eyes were a dark deep blue that seemed to light up a whole room when he was in it.  He looked a lot like Michael does today, except he was much taller than Michael.  

"Anyways when I met him it was nothing like I excepted it to be, because he was nothing like what I thought a man should be, and don't get me wrong he was a man.   Oh I suppose that you kids don't understand how sexy your father was back then, how sexy to me he still is to this day.  Your father  did not really talk to me the first few days their I was later to learn that the reason for this was that he was attracted to me and he had a raging hard on the whole day most days because of my dress.    But then one night when I sat on his lap it must have been to much for him to take because he burst in his boxer  shorts and I felt the cum all over my panties.   To make along story short that night it happened.

"I remember your father coming into my room and sitting down on the bed next to me, what he said was something like:  'I am sorry Martha I could not control my body urges....do you know about sex.'  I had learned about sex from my parents when I was six and had caught them  by accident making love in their bed.   I told him this and he told me that:  'What happened to me Martha was an orgasm because I am attracted to  you.'  So what was a little girl to do...tell her own cousin that she is sexually attracted to him also of course.   I did and when he heard that I suppose that James decided it was time to start my sexual training.

"I remember that night very well it is one of my favorite memories.  I remember him pulling the sheet back from my body while he kissed me on the lips and our tongues intertwined.   I remember feeling his hands sliding up my thin nine year old legs.  Up those spread legs to my little mound.  I remember him sliding  his hand down under the panties and him getting me off the first time that I ever had an orgasm was that night.  We did not have sex, not until I was twelve.   That night was full of passion and I am sure that some of you have experienced that same passion with someone at least I hope so.    I will not explain it to you all you need to know is that I got pregnant that night with you Michael and that is how this story should end.   If their is love then there should be nothing to stand in its way Nothing!  That is how I fell and will always feel.  Now please explain to me what has been going on behind my back."

End I.

II.

Michael sat back in his seat after listening to his mothers story. He could feel Tina's little body on his lap and his hard-on was resting on her thigh.  Tina did not seem to mind at all.   Her little smooth body was nice to the touch.  Michael did not even realize as he began to talk that his hand was sliding softly up and down his sister's leg.   Her smooth white skinned leg.    "It stared about a week before you left in all reality.  It did not start for any of the others then but it did for me.   Well actually the twins have been playing with each other for awhile, and Tina has been looking at me for awhile and I didn't know it.  But anyways the realness of it started when I went to a secret Black Market behind the school in the old abandoned warehouse section."

Their mother interrupted.  "I Know of it your father still goes there sometimes to get some preteen movies or some young teen movies go on."  When ever one looked at her she said,  "It will be explained later go on."

Michael spoke again.  "Well I found some pre-teen tapes that were interesting they are still in my room, anyways I watched them and after the third one I got so sexually frustrated that I decided on the weekend that you are gone that  I would put my plain of sexual education in motion.    I taught the girls about how cocks worked and how cunts worked and how to get off and how to get guys off, and how to uhh...fuck.   But what brought it on was not really my suggestion but something that Tina did.  She touched my cock under the table and well it just evolved from that."   

 His mother looked at him and at her daughters for a second before she spoke.  "How many of the girls have you 'fucked'."

Michael looked at her and slowly said,  "Just one of them:  Mandy.  The other girl I make love to every night I never fuck her.  I would never treat Tina that way."  He slightly kissed her on the cheek and Tina smiled slightly. 

Mandy spoke up.  "Its the truth he fucked me to show us how  to fuck and make love, but he really  only wanted Tina."

Their mother looked around at her seven children and sighed.  "I suppose its time that I tell you everything and not leave a piece of it out, because after all you deserve the truth don't you..."

End II.

III.

"Your father is a pedophile, it is a condition that has been apart of his family for generations, and it will continue for probably the rest of his life.   I can not explain how it started and where it started but I can tell you this much...your father has found it very hard to not touch his beautiful little girls.   He kept his hands clean by fucking me while he watched a video or he looked at a magazine of little girls.  But in the recent years it has become worse because you girls have started to wear sexier clothing.  The reason for that is that society is allowing it and accepts it....little girls are in fact becoming more and more of a fascination for men, and its not only the clothing.   But your father has dreamed of fucking all of you in fact all of you were made while he fucked me.   And if you notice all of you were made when I was still pretty young I mean Michael was made when I was 12, and then fourteen, and then sixteen, eighteen, twenty, and then twenty two. 

"I want all of you girls to understand, besides you Tina, that your father might want to well. . ." Slowly a smile spread across Sarah's lips.   Her mother stopped talking and looked at her  daughter.   "What are you smiling about darling?"  She slowly asked her daughter.

Sarah bowed her head to hide a blush.  "Do you think Daddy would....would fuck me?"

Her mother looked at her and slowly shook her head in a nod.  "Come here Sarah."  Sarah slowly sat down on her mothers lap and her mother folded into her arms.    "Of course he would honey,  your father loves you, you are his favorite of all of his daughter, because you seem to be the only one that showed most interest in him."    She stopped and smiled at all of her children.  "I want you all to understand that I have no problem with your father doing things with his children, I have had for  years another man on the side who I am going to start spending more time with,  you father understood with that and agreed with it.  And now I am  pregnant with a child from this man, and  your father is about to get his life long dream with his daughter Sarah here.  And I am sure along the way other little girls till the day he dies.   We are all truly happy.  And to be sure no questions are asked my friend is going to move in with us, and me and him are going to live with all of you, and maybe even one day our daughter will be involved."  She stopped and looked around.  None of her children looked to shocked from what she was saying.  In fact most of them seemed to agree with it.

Michael spoke up softly.  "Mother I have plans that might make this family very rich."

She looked at him and smiled.  "I already figured out about your plans, when I saw the videos in your room when I was cleaning a few days ago.  I know what you are planning why don't we go to the living room and get your father first though. "    

They adjourned to the living room, where the children's father was sitting in his reclining chair watching Television.  He knew that they were coming so he turned the set off and watched as everyone started to take a set.   Michael and Tina sat down in the other chair with her on his lap.  He could feel her soft round ass though her panties.  Her skirt had gone up and it was just her panties on his bare legs.   He softly kissed her on the cheek as the others took seats.  He knew that he would have to stand soon, but it felt nice having Tina in his arms for now.  His mother sat down in another chair which was next to his fathers.   Kelly and Shelly sat down  on the couch holding each others hands.   Mandy and Alice both sat down next to them on the couch.  Alice with a hand on her still flat stomach, but which everyone in the room knew carried a child.  Sarah sat down on her daddy's lap.  At first he looked uncomfortable but when she slightly whispered something in his ears he began to relax and even put a hand on her thin eight year old leg.   They were all in order now.    

When everyone was seated Martha spoke,  "Okay son  you can start your presentation now, and please stand up and tell us about it."  

Michael softly and regrettably lifted Tina off of his body and held her for a second as he stood up.  His hardon would have to wait to be relieved a while longer.  He sat her down on the chair.  Tina quickly rearranged her dress so that her panties were hiding and she sat with  her small thin long legs crossed.   Michael looked around and began to talk.  "My idea is for this family to go into the video making business.  My idea is that we make some videos that are original and some videos that will stimulate the mind.   Some videos about everything and anything we want.    Pre-teen and teen sex.  We need a man for Mandy, or she will be totally left out and we can't have that.    I also want to do a video of Alice's progression pregnancy.  Imagine it a 12 year old pregnant, we could live off of that for the rest of our lives alone."

He slowly stopped  and looked around.  The faces of everyone seemed to be in agreement with his idea.  His mother was smiling.  She was the one who spoke.  "I agree with it.  And I think that Mandy will be able to find a man easily enough.  But darling when you pick one out please be careful and make sure that he is going for more than that body of yours.  Even if it is a killer body now to the guys your age, it won't always be so pick someone who likes your body but also someone who likes your mind."

Mandy looked at her mother,  "I already found a man mother.   His my art teacher.  Mr. Winter.  I call him Josh.  It happened about a week ago.  I was staying after and well he is so handsome I had to come on to him.   With his long brown hair and his golden eyes.    And when I got to know him better and he me,  well it just happened."   She smiled,  "I think he will agree to doing this."

Their mother nodded and looked at Alice.   "What about the boy that made that child in you is he still interested."

Alice bowed her head looking at her stomach.   "I didn't tell the truth to my sister or brother,  I told them that it was Danny from down the street.  That's not the truth.  The truth is that well....it was a McAllen, but not Danny.   I went over to his house with him and I sucked him off like he wanted, but after I was done sucking him off he lost all interest in me because he heard the door down stairs open.   He told me to get up and leave and never to beg him again to do that stuff.   I never begged him mom, he wanted me to.   Well anyways while I was walking down stairs with tears in my eyes I ran into his older brother.   His older brother had not been the one to open the door, that had been Danny's girlfriend who was two years younger than Danny.   Well anyways his brother brought me to his room and sat me down on the bed and gave me a towel to wipe my face with. 

"Then he asked  me  'what's wrong Alice.'  He knew my name because I was a friend of his step-sister who did not live with them anymore.   I told him what his brother did and he sighed.  He wrapped his arm softly around my shoulder and told me that it was okay and that he would walk me home.   Well by this time I was feeling better and I liked his arm around me and that was when I asked him if he had a girlfriend and if so why wasn't he with her.   He told me that he didn't have a girlfriend.   That was when I made my move.  My hand went out and slowly took hold of his raging cock.  I had seen it in his pants as soon as he had taken me to his room.   He looked down at me.  And well to make a long story short before long we made love.   His name is  Timothy, just in case no one remembers and well he is uh...um 18 years old.   If you will allow it he could move in with us.  Tell his parents that he is doing farm work for us and that he will be doing it for a year or more and in reality he could be well be sleeping in my bed with me and our growing child."   

Michael looked at his small 12 year old sister, what it must have been like for strong muscle filled Tim to fuck her was beyond his comprehension, he must be a very soft and gentle man.   Michael quietly  picked Tina up and laid her small body back into his arms.   He loved the feel of her skin.   She smiled and softly wiggled her but against his hard cock.   Michael could already see that her soft skin would be the way it was now, and he hopped to God her tomboyness continued and that she had small breasts.   He sighed as he slowly started to rub the inner side of one of her thighs with his hand.   He noticed his father was doing the same thing with Sarah.    His mother spoke,  "I suppose that yes that would work.  Does Tim know that you are pregnant."

Alice looked at her mother and said,  "yes we talk ever night on the phone mom.  He is very smart and thinks that I am very smart for my age, which I guess I am."  Her mother smiled.   

The family seemed to be coming together.

End III.

End Part III

Epilogue
three Weeks later


Michael woke up the next morning with Tina lightly in his arms.  He slowly pulled away from her he didn't want to but he needed to.   Michael looked down at her sleeping.  One of her little hands was clasped shut and above her head.  She was laying on her back.  Her other hand was laying flat down her side.   One of her legs was spread out in a pyramid shape.  Her little pussy lips glistened with a little wetness probably cum from their love making the night before. Michael slipped on some boxers and got ready to leave the room.  He smiled down at her and kissed  her forehead before leaving the room.   How he loved his Tina.   Michael went down stairs  and on the way passed the rooms of the family.   Sarah's room was empty no surprise their.   In Mandy's room Josh was sleeping on his side with one of his arms rapped around Mandy's stomach.  She was probably already pregnant with his seed.  Next came  Alice's room.   She was laying with her little 12 year old ass facing the door and both of Tim's hands were grabbing the ass cheeks in his sleep.   They both looked very content and probably had fallen asleep after a fuck-fest.   She still was not showing yet, well it had hardly been a month.  

The videos were already well under way, but the first two were small budget and had made them only 100,000 dollars so far.    Michael knew that the video of her pregnancy which they were taking already was going to be a success.  First they did a fuck scene where she ended up getting pregnant they even showed  her taking the test.  It was going to be big he could tell.   He continued on past her bed room and walked down the hall.  He came to Shelly and Kelly's room next.  Both girls were going to star in the next video,  Pre-Teen Lesbians was the working title.   He did not wake them yet.  Both girls were rapped in each others arms.   Their legs were intertwined and they were both sound asleep and looked so cute.   Michael continued on down.   He did not bother going to the other side of the house where his mother was.   Her boyfriend as it turned out was an expert video camera man and he didn't mind looking at little girls but he still preferred adult women.   He helped Michael while Michael directed everything but his and Tina's scenes.  His mother had suggested another person do stuff with Tina once and Michael had refused.  He did  not want anyone to touch Tina.   

Next he came apron the stairs and quietly went down and peeked in the master bedroom where he saw Sarah and his father in bed together. Sarah had her back pressed against her father and it was a good bet that his cock was buried in her small mound.  But Michael could not tell.  He closed the door and went into the studio to get set up.   He was putting up one of the lights when Tina walked into the room.

She was wearing the night gown that he had bought for her a week ago.  It was a two piece thing.  The top was short and had buttons going down it.  It ended at her belly button.  The other part was a pair of tight little shorts that showed off her little ass and pussy perfectly.  She walked up to him and looked up at him.  Michael smiled down at her as his cock started to get hard in his boxers.  He knew that it was showing to her.   She slowly pulled her shorts down and laid down on the makeshift bed.  Michael pulled off his boxers and laid down next to her.  Tina climbed on top of him they were tummy to tummy.  He slid his hands down to her small little girl ass and messaged it as he inched his cock into her small little tight hole.    They slowly moved and moaned.  Michael felt Tina shudder in his arms and she began to cum.  Her little pussy squeezing his hard cock.  Michael let go and came also.  When he finished cumming Tina slowly slid off of her bigger brother.  "I love you Michael."  She said as she kissed him on the lips softly.

"I Love you Jelly bean."  He said as he picked her up and kissed her deeply.   Letting his tongue taste her small mouth before she escaped and pulled her shorts back on and left the room wiggling her little ass to get ready to watch the video in the making in the next few  hours. . .  Michael smiled as she left.

"This family is definitely interesting."  He said to himself as he turned back to his work.

THE END

{for those of you who love Michael's Perversions  Don't Fret its not over yet!  I Swear. Trust me I love the story to much to end it just like that!!!   I will probably incorporate it  into other stories somehow!!  :-)   Anyways be on the look out for my next Erotic story:   Amy's Journal.}

This story 1997 GodSpit
Any changes made to this story without the author's consent is wrong and you are violating the copyright of this story.

GodSpit would like to thank:  everyone that reads my stories and responds to me.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....