
                               MIKE09.TXT -- m/F

                           JULIA: A Thorough Checkup

                                 By Uncle Mike
                               (Max S. Wojtylak)
                          fr582@cleveland.Freenet.Edu

      As Julia walked into the examining room, the man on the table was taking
off what looked to be a very expensive, well-tailored white shirt. As he pulled
it free he revealed a broad, well-muscled and well-tanned chest. Dr. Chegley
had to call her name twice before she appeared to come out of a daze and notice
him.

      "Yes, Doctor?"

      "Nurse, please take his blood pressure. And be quick about it. We've got
to get all these physicals finished by Friday, and there are at least a dozen
left." As usual, he didn't waste time with politeness.

      Julia unrolled the blood pressure cuff and slipped it around a bulging
bicep. As she did, her slim, dark hand rested on the man's arm several seconds
longer than seemed entirely necessary. And while she pumped away at the cuff,
she kept one hand on his shoulder. Then it slipped down and roamed across his
back.

      Dr. Chegley stood on the other side of the patient, his head bent as he
listened to the heartbeat. He frowned as it began to race a bit.

      As he picked his head up, he noticed the cuff still wrapped around the
man's arm. "Unless you think he needs a tourniquet, I think you can stop now,"
he observed acidly. Julia quickly unwrapped the cuff and put it away. As she
did, the doctor put his stethoscope on the man's chest again.

      "That's funny," he said. "I could have sworn your pulse was racing a few
seconds ago. Have you had any heart problems? No? Nurse, get Mr. Thompson's
file for me."

      Julia left quickly, with a last lingering look back. Instead of going
straight to the files, however, she ducked into a corner of the hallway.
Glancing around quickly, she lifted the hem of her short white uniform skirt
and slipped a well- manicured finger under her panties. Her head fell back and
her dark lips parted as she rubbed the finger over her cunt lips. A soft moan
escaped as her juices began to flow, lubricating her hole and allowing her to
slip the finger inside.

      The nurse's eyes were closed and her head was lolling back and forth when
a curt shout broke through: "Nurse! The file!"

      Abruptly Julia pulled her hand away. Rushing to the file cabinets, she
swept up a paper towel and dried off her finger.

      When she opened the door of the examining room again, Dr. Chegley turned
swiftly and yanked the file from her hands. She stood stock still. On the
table, the patient was lying down, his pants and briefs crumpled around his
knees. His partially erect, six-inch cock was in clear view. But even as she
stared, the doctor turned back to the man, cutting off her view. The doctor's
hands moved down as he checked for a hernia. "That's all, nurse," he called
over his shoulder.

      Julia returned to the front desk. It was almost noon, and a half-day at
the clinic. The others had all taken the day off or left early. Julia slipped
into the receptionist's chair, sliding it up to the desk. The only one in the
waiting room was a young man, almost a boy. He had on the starched uniform
shirt of one of Astrospace's messengers, and he was fiddling nervously with a
magazine, flipping the pages too fast to be reading anything.

      He glanced up when Julia sat down, then went back to his magazine. Julia
furtively slipped both hands beneath the desk top and again lifted her skirt
over the tops of her nylons and the white elastic garter straps. She fluttered
her hands over her thighs before slipping them under the soft white cotton
panties, already wet from her secretions. Gently she spread the slick labia and
put two fingers into her cunt. Her breathing grew short and ragged as she
fingered herself, letting one finger slide over her sensitive clit. After a few
minutes she pulled one hand out and rummaged through her purse, finally pulling
out a picture of her boyfriend, Paul, who was out of town for two weeks. She
laid the picture on the desk before her and put her hand back down.

      As she caressed herself, her long, shapely legs spread apart, pressing
into the sides of the desk. She leaned back, the chair's wheels sliding a
little on the carpet. Her eyes began to flutter and close.

      Then the squeak of the examining room door opening surprised her. Quickly
she pulled her hands out and began to smooth out her skirt as the patient
walked past, Dr. Chegley close behind.

      "Who's next?" he demanded in a bark.

      "I am," the messenger said at once, and then repeated it in a lower tone.

      "Well, get in here, I haven't got all day," the doctor snarled. As the
boy moved past, Dr. Chegley turned to Julia. "I should've been at the hospital
15 minutes ago. Blasted annual physicals. I'll do the once-over on this kid;
here, you finish up the paperwork on Thompson and then come in and finish up --
hey, kid, what's your name?"

      "Barnes -- Peter Barnes," the messenger said as he slipped into the room.

      Julia rushed through the examination forms, checking off all the boxes
and making a couple of copies for personnel and their own files. Just as she
finished, Dr. Chegley came flying past her, slipping on his coat and heading
for the door. "Just check his pressure and send him back to work," the doctor
said. "I'll see you tomorrow."

      When Julia opened the door of the examining room, the messenger was just
buttoning up his shirt. He looked up and perhaps he stared a little. Even the
starch of her nurse's whites couldn't conceal the lush curves of Julia Baker's
body, and the pure brightness of her uniform drew even more attention to the
perfection of her cafe au lait complexion. As she stepped toward him, his eyes
moved to her lithe legs, encased in  the usual white stockings; the heels of
her white shoes emphasized the turn of her slender calves.

      "Hello, Peter," she said, unhooking the blood pressure cuff. "Take your
shirt off, please."

      The boy looked at her, confused. "But... but the doctor just told me to
put it back on."

      "Now, Peter, I have to take your blood pressure. Let's go."

      "They usually just have me roll up my cuff," he said, as he started to
show her. She stopped him by putting her hand on his; it was warm and seemed to
give off a faint, musky smell.

      "I'm the nurse, here," she said softly. "Come on."

      With a shrug, Peter began to unbutton. Julia undid the last couple and
held the shirt as he slipped out.

      In the cool air of the examining room, he shivered slightly and tiny
goose bumps appeared on his pale, hairless flesh. They grew a little bigger
when Julia brushed against his arm as she put the cuff in place and pumped it
up. In a few seconds she had her readings and recorded them on the boy's chart.

      "Now take off your pants," she said, looking him in the eye.

      His jaw dropped. "But... what? The doctor didn't say anything about..."

      "Don't be shy, I'm a nurse. I've seen lots of men," Julia said with a
smile. "I'll help."

      Reaching down, she began to undo the buckle on his belt. Peter fumbled
her hands away. "I can do it," he said with a tremor in his voice. "It's
just... just..." He ducked his head as the buckle came loose and he slipped
down his zipper.

      "You don't have to be embarrassed," Julia said. "Look, I'll make it
easier for you. I'll take my clothes off, too, so you won't be the only one."

      Peter's head came up with a snap.

      Stepping back, Julia slowly unbuttoned her blouse. The V of the neck
widened as the buttons came loose, revealing the rises of her full breasts
confined by a lacy white bra. She let the blouse fall to the floor and unzipped
the zipper on her skirt, stepping out of it.

      Julia's pink tongue poked out between her full lips and slid back and
forth. Peter's eyes raced up and down her body; his young cock poked stiffly
against his baggy boxer shorts and a small, dark stain began to form.

      Reaching behind her, Julia undid the clasp of her bra and pulled it away.
Her breasts hung free, ripe brown mounds capped by dark circles and thick,
stiff black nipples. She cupped them in her hands a moment before bending down
to slide her panties off, leaving the stockings and garter belt in place.

      Moving closer to the examining table, the nurse tugged at the young man's
shorts, pulling them free. His cock sprung to attention, drops of pre-cum
glistening.

      "Hmmm, that's some swelling you've got there," the nurse said with a
smile. "I think I'll have to examine that more closely."

      Julia lowered her head and pressed her lips to the rod, letting her hot
breath wash over it. Then her lips parted and she swooped down, engulfing his
shaft in one swift move.

      "Ohhhhhhhhh!" The boy gasped and arched his back. "Ohhhhhh that's good,"
he managed to sigh as Julia's head bobbed up and down, her lips sliding over
his cock while her tongue tickled the head and its sensitive sides. Peter
reached out and grasped her breasts in both hands, caressing them.

      In just a few minutes his breath began to come in quick, sharp gulps.
"Ohhhhh, I'm gonna cummmmmm!" he shouted as a burst of sticky white goo shot
into Julia's mouth. She swallowed it all and kept his cock in her mouth as it
deflated.

      Giving him a minute to recover, she began to suck his shaft again. At
first it was too sensitive and he tried to push her away, but she kept up a
gentle motion and soon the rod grew long and stiff again.

      Then Julia pushed him back on the table and slid him around so he was on
it full-length. As Peter watched, the nurse clambered up on the table herself
and squatted over his waist.

      He could see her cunt now, wide open underneath a patch of curly black
hair. She had spread apart the dark brown, almost black pussy lips, revealing
the deep pink folds inside.

      "Let the nice nurse give you a good physical," Julia said as she lowered
herself onto his erect cock. It slid easily into her hot, wet cunt, but Julia
took it slow, allowing only a little bit in a time even though Peter began to
buck up at her, trying to stuff it all in.

      But at last she settled down, the young man's shaft buried to the hilt in
her tunnel.

      "Mmmm, everything seems to be in working order," Julia whispered. "But I
think we need to run a few more tests." Peter could feel her cunt muscles
squeezing his cock as she began to move on him, rising and falling, sinking his
cock into her velvety folds.

      "Let's test your reflexes now," she said, bending her face down to his
and slipping her tongue into his mouth. Peter kissed her back, their tongues
tangling, and she rode him like that for awhile.

      Then she sat back up again. "Very good. I think you're going to pass this
physical with flying colors. But I need to check your muscles." She lifted his
arms up to her chest, bringing his hands to her bouncing tits. Getting the
idea, Peter again grabbed them and massaged the mounds, sliding his fingertips
over the nipples.

      "Yes, yes, that's it," Julia began to moan as she increased the pace of
her bucking. "Rub my tits. Fuck my hot pussy. Show me what you've got!"

      Peter bucked frantically up at her sopping wet crotch, mashing his cock
into her as sweat and juices covered the table and stained its white sheet. He
caressed her tits, her smooth legs, her stomach. Their shouts of ecstasy began
to bounce off the examining room's tile walls as the tempo of their rutting
increased.

      Finally Julia could hold it in no longer. With an incoherent screech she
stiffened all at once, then began to shake and writhe in tremor after tremor.
Her motions sent Peter over the edge and he again shot his wad, this time
jetting his cum into Julia's eager cunt.

      They lay on the table for several minutes before Julia rolled off and
slipped back into her uniform. Without a word, Peter put on his own clothes.
They left the clinic together; Peter held the door for her. Just as she was
about to step outside, she turned abruptly and walked back to the
receptionist's desk.

      Picking up Paul's picture, she smiled briefly and slipped it into her
purse.

