

Mike18 Happy Days Mf inc pedo


------------------------------------------------------------------------



From           fr582@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Max S. Wojtylak)
Organization   Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland OH (USA)
Date           30 Jun 1996 18:05:04 GMT
Newsgroups     alt.sex.stories
Message-ID     <4r6fkg$ppo@madeline.INS.CWRU.Edu>




------------------------------------------------------------------------





If you like this story, please archive it.









HAPPY DAYS: He Shoots, He Scores

By Uncle Mike


    Bamp-bamp-bamp. Clang! Bamp-bamp, thunk!

    I grabbed the basketball as it thudded off the backboard on 
the garage. A quick dribble back to the crack I called the foul 
line, a spinning jump shot ... nothing but concrete.

    "You're pitiful, Rich! You couldn't score with Betty and you 
can't even score on your own court."

    It was Potsie, my friend  from high school. Running up the 
driveway, he snatched the ball out of my hand and we started 
up a one-on-one. Potsie was even worse than me, usually, but 
he was right -- this weekend, I couldn't score at all.

    I'd been going out with Betty for a couple of months by 
then, and as Potsie knew she hadn't let me do anything more 
than feel her tits through her sweater at the movies. She had 
good breasts, more than a handful, but even the best tits 
don't feel too great when they're strapped into the stiff, 
cone-shaped bras girls wore back then.

    "So am I right, Rich? You didn't score last night?"

    I snorted a laugh. "Score? Her dad was waiting on the 
porch when we got home. I didn't even get a kiss!"

    "Hey, Richie, why are you still going out with that tease? 
You treat her better than most guys would, and she hasn't 
done a thing for you. Jeez, Rich, at this rate you'll still be a 
virgin when you get to college!"

    "Yeah, well, you should talk, Potsie."

    "Hey, don't forget Mary Sue Ferguson!"

    "You were eight years old then and you didn't even know 
what a pussy was then! That doesn't count."

    "We were naked and my dick was inside her. It counts." I 
let it drop; Potsie was real proud about being the first one of 
us to get any, and real sensitive about not having gotten even 
close since. I took advantage of his distraction, though, to 
drive around him for a easy lay-up -- which, of course, I 
missed.

    "So, Rich, are you coming with us to Arnold's tonight?"

    "Nah. I gotta watch Joanie. Mom and Dad went down to 
Chicago for the weekend for some cousin's wedding."

    "Geez, tough break, Rich. Can't you just leave the brat 
alone and come over?"

    I stopped dribbling long enough to catch my breath. "Hey, 
don't call her a brat, Potsie. She's a real nice kid. It's not her 
fault she's not old enough to stay by herself. I'm not gonna 
leave her alone. What if something happens to her?"

    "What's gonna happen to her? She's gonna pass out from 
eating too many Oreos?"

    A shrill shout came from the upstairs window. "Potsie 
Weber, I do not eat too much!"

    I looked up. "Joanie, aren't you supposed to be studying 
your English? How long have you been listening?"

    She smiled. Joanie was a cute kid, short dark hair, button 
nose, and a smile as bright as the neon signs at Arnold's. 
"Long enough," she giggled, and ducked back inside.

    I was a little bit worried. Had she heard us talking about 
Betty? Joanie was usually pretty good about keeping secrets, 
but I'd never let her in on a secret that could get me in this 
much trouble with Mom and Dad. While I was thinking, Potsie 
grabbed the ball and tossed in an easy shot. The swish of the 
ball as it dropped through the hoop brought me back into the 
game. I did manage to sink a couple of baskets, but Potsie 
was beating me by a mile. Finally, I conceded; he went over 
to Ralph's while I went inside to take a shower.

    When I got upstairs, Joanie was lying on her stomach in 
bed, a schoolbook propped open in front of her. Her feet were 
up in the air as she kicked her Mary Janes together 
absentmindedly. Her skirt had slipped down to her knees, but 
what I could see of her legs was still mostly covered by a 
pair of baggy white socks. She seemed lost in her reading; I 
figured if she wasn't teasing me that must mean she really 
hadn't heard about Betty.

    I think I was still worried about it, though, because I 
jumped into the shower without even realizing I'd forgotten 
to bring in a change of clothes. I didn't remember until I got 
out and toweled down. I know I was trying to get into Betty's 
pants, but I was still young enough to be kinda shy about 
parading around almost naked, even in front of just my kid 
sister. But I didn't have much choice. I rummaged through the 
linen closet until I found the biggest towel we had and 
wrapped it around my waist. I didn't even trust knotting it; I 
held the ends up with both hands as I left the bathroom.

    I had to go past Joanie's room to get to mine. When I looked 
in, she was still lying down, facing away from the door. I 
must've sighed in relief or something, because she looked up 
-- right into a mirror at her bedside that showed me 
marching past. I almost dropped the towel, but I held on and 
ran into my bedroom, quickly closing the door.

    Once I got inside, I went over to my dresser to pull out 
some stuff, but I saw Betty's picture on the top. I got angry 
and sad and horny all at once. I dropped on top of my bed and 
just lay there for a couple of minutes, feeling sorry for 
myself. Then I started thinking about what I wanted to do to 
Betty, and I felt my cock starting to stiffen. I reached down 
and rubbed the bottom of the shaft softly. I know lots of guys 
have to use pictures or stuff to jack off, but I guess I always 
had a good imagination; just fantasizing was enough for me, 
most times. But the problem is that when you fantasize you 
can get really lost in it and not know what's going on around 
you.

    I guess that's what happened, because I didn't hear the 
door opening or anything until I heard Joanie's voice.

    "Whatcha doing, Richie?" She spoke softly, almost a 
whisper, but it was enough to startle me. I grabbed my cock 
with both hands to cover up.

    "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't want to scare you." This was funny, 
my little sister trying to comfort me, her big brother. But it 
worked. My heart slowed down to a more normal beat as I 
looked across the bed.

    Joanie was standing right at the edge, right by my feet. 
Her oval, freckled face was beaming down at me. She'd 
changed into a nightgown, one that must've been a hand-me-
down because the material was worn pretty thin and the pink 
and blue embroidery around the collar was frayed a lot. It 
was transparent enough for me to make out the outline of her 
body. She was just starting to hit puberty then, I guess. 
There was only the slightest of hints of a curve to her waist. 
She didn't really have any breasts, but Mom had gotten her a 
training bra and she wore it all the time. I could see the 
white triangles through the gown.

    I'd loosened my grip on my cock, and I suddenly realized it 
was rising up above my hands, standing stiff and straight. 
Joanie followed my eyes.

    "Wow, Richie! You're big!"

    I blushed, at first with pride. Then I remembered this was 
my baby sister! I was naked in front of her, and it was 
making my cock swell. Even as I thought about how terrible 
that was, my cock got bigger and harder. I couldn't figure it 
out. I'd never thought of Joanie THAT way; she was just a kid. 
OK, she wasn't really a kid anymore; I'd even wondered why 
Mom had bothered to make me stay and watch her that 
weekend. Joanie had already baby-sat herself for a couple of 
families on the block. And her face had lost all of its baby 
fat; she was obviously going to be a really pretty girl when 
she got older. Oh, heck, she was pretty now. Her lips were 
fuller than Betty's, and her brown eyes had this kinda sexy 
twinkle sometimes ... God, I was doing it to myself, I thought. 
My cock was eight inches long now, bobbing a bit up and down 
like a skier waiting at the top of a jump.

    As I looked up from my cock, I saw that Joanie was staring 
at it too. Her eyes were wide open and her pink tongue was 
peeking out between her lips, rubbing back and forth slowly. I 
saw a blush spread over her face when she realized I knew 
what she was looking at.

    "Haven't you ever seen a boy's -- you know?" 

    "I saw Tommy Johnson's when we were six, but it didn't 
look anything like that," she whispered back. "It was small 
and stubby and it looked kinda soft. And he didn't have any 
hair ... down there." 

    "Well, all boys are like that when they're kids. When we 
grow up, we get hair. And mine isn't always so big, it's just 
..." I stopped. What could I say? It's just that I got hot 
thinking about my baby sister? And what did I think I was 
doing, just lying there naked, anyway? I grabbed for the 
sheet to pull it over me, but Joanie held it back.

    "No, don't. It's OK. If you're worried about me telling Mom 
and Dad, don't. I won't tell. Just like I won't tell about you 
and Bet... oops."

    My cock quickly deflated. "You heard?""Yeah," she said 
shyly, ducking her head. "That's why I'm here." She sat down 
on the edge of the bed. "I heard what you said, and what 
Potsie said. I bet that Betty's a stuck-up girl like her little 
sister Tracy. I remember how long you worked on that poem 
you wrote for her last week -- and she didn't even say 'Thank 
you,' I bet. ... And I heard how you stuck up for me when 
Potsie called me a brat. That was really sweet, Richie."

    As she finished, she looked up at me again. "Oh, Richie, 
your thing's so much smaller! Did I do something wrong?"

    "No, no, it's ..."

    "It's Betty, isn't it? It's 'cause I reminded you about her." 
She paused and seemed to be making up her mind about 
something. "It wasn't right, what Betty did. When I heard 
about it, I wanted to do something to help. But I couldn't 
think of what, until I saw you running past my room." She 
reached a hand out tentatively. "Jenny Piccolo said guys like 
it if you touch their things. Can I touch yours?"

    I stared at her. I couldn't believe this! My kid sister, the 
little girl I'd seen in diapers, wanted to touch my cock? I 
thought about it. She was really cute, and I was horny. But 
could I...? Even as I thought about it, my cock started to 
swell again.

    "Oooh, I think you want me to," Joanie cooed. She softly 
encircled my rod with her right hand. The warm touch sent a 
shiver all the way up my spine and I let out a deep sigh.

    "What do I do now, Richie?"

    I should have told her to stop. I should have sent her out of 
the room and gotten dressed. I should have done a lot of 
things. But what I did was say, "That feels really good, Sis. 
Now move your hand up and down, real slow. Yeah. All the way 
up to the tip, and down. Mmmmmm."

    I lay back on the bed as Joanie's small hand massaged my 
cock. I tried not to think about how I was corrupting my kid 
sister. Then ... I felt a warm breath on the head of my dick, 
and it was engulfed in a hot, wet embrace.

    "What?" I yelped, as I looked down to see my little sister 
swallowing my cock.

    She slipped it out of her mouth. "Sssshh." She grinned. 
"This is something else I learned from Jenny Piccolo. She 
showed me on a banana. Am I doing it all right?"

    With that, she swooped down onto my dick again and began 
to bob up and down on it, holding her lips in a tight "O" that 
sizzled up and down the rod while her tongue flicked out at 
the tip. 

    I had never even dared think about asking Betty to give me 
a blow job, and now Joanie ... well, I was going to have to 
change the way I thought about her. Fast.

    And faster. She picked up the rhythm, her dark hair flying 
as her head bounced up and down while her hand kept rubbing 
the rest of my cock. The bed was creaking and squeaking as I 
finally let out a loud groan. "Look out, Joanie! I'm 
commmmmmmmiiiinnnngggg!"

    She pulled her head up just in time to get a jet of cum 
across her face. Her eyes flew open in surprise. When she 
flicked out her tongue and had a taste, though, she smiled and 
licked some more off. "Mmmm," she said, "it's as good as 
Jenny said."

    I reached down and pulled her up to me. "Joanie, that was 
wonderful. I've never had anything so good. You're the best 
sister ever." Looking at her cute face with globs of my spunk 
still spattered here and there, I couldn't resist. I pulled her 
closer and pressed my lips to hers.  I'd heard the expression 
"a tie is like kissing your sister," but I don't think this was 
what they meant. She kept her lips slightly open, and as we 
pressed together she slipped her hot tongue inside me. I 
flicked back at it, one hand entangling itself in her hair as 
the other slipped down and caressed her tight little butt.

    We became lost in passion. I kissed my way from her 
mouth down to her neck, licking and sucking around to her 
tender ear.  When I slipped my tongue into it, she yipped as 
her body shook. "Richie!"

    I whispered into her ear, my warm breath washing over it. 
"I've learned a few things too, little Sis." We kissed and 
licked for several minutes. Then Joanie slipped out of my 
arms and stood beside the bed.

    "Richie ... I love you," she said in a deep, sighing voice. "Can 
I, can I ask you something? There's, um, there's something 
else Jenny told me about." She pressed her lips together 
tightly and squeezed her arms at her side. I reached out and 
took her hand. 

    "It's OK, Joanie. What?"

    She took a deep breath. "Jenny-said-boys-could-do-girls-
like-I-did-you-but-they-don't-like-to-Could-you-do-me-
please?" The words tumbled out fast, as if she was afraid if 
she stopped for a second she'd be too afraid to go on.

    "I've never done that, Joanie -- but I'll try," I said. The 
familiar grin broke out on her face, like the sun coming out 
after a gray morning. I couldn't help but love her, I thought.

    "What do I do, Richie?"

    "Well, I guess ... Take your clothes off, first."

    She lifted the nightgown over her head. As I'd thought, she 
still looked like a little girl on the outside, without any real 
curves. But as she slipped off her training bra, I could see 
that her nipples were long and hard, standing out from the 
dark circles around them. And when she pulled off her 
panties, I could see the first few wisps of hairs above her 
pussy.

    I moved over on the bed to make room for her. "Now you lie 
down," I said.

    Moving between her legs, I licked from her feet to her 
crotch as I gently spread her thighs apart. Better take it 
slow, I thought. I moved up further, sliding my tongue around 
her belly button, then taking each of her nipples into my 
mouth and sucking. I could feel her smooth, warm skin next 
to mine. My cock had already gotten hard again and was 
rubbing on her legs. I kissed her again, then moved all the 
way down to her crotch. A pungent aroma was already rising 
from her pussy as I nibbled around the edges. Joanie's hands 
grabbed my head as her knees rose up around me. "Nnnnice, 
Richie! Ooooh, that's so good!"

    Gently, I began to lick her labia, already slightly wet. She 
wiggled her pussy in my face and urged me on, but I was 
afraid to do too much at once. Plus, I wasn't exactly sure 
what I was doing. After licking up and down at the entrance 
to her pussy for awhile, I used both hands to spread the lips 
slightly and slipped my tongue inside.

    "Aaaaaaah! Richie, yes! Yes-yes-yes! Unnnggghh!" 

    I guessed I must be doing something right. I pushed my 
tongue in further and in and out. My fingers roamed outside 
the now-slick cunt of my baby sister, until I felt something 
like a small, hard button. As soon as I touched it, a jolt shot 
through Joanie's body. A sudden realization hit me: her clit! 
For all my hopes with Betty and the boasts Potsie, Ralph and 
I made, I'd never done anything like this before, and I'd never 
really known what all the words we used meant. It felt kinda 
weird to be getting a sex education from my kid sister. 
Before I could waste too much time thinking about it, though, 
Joanie's thighs closed around me and she called out."Don't 
stop, Rich! That feels so good!" She gasped several times, and 
her voice got low and soft. "Richie, that's it. Touch me there. 
Oh, rub it. And lick me. My whole body's burning up with you, 
Richie. Uhhhh, please, yes, right there. Oh, Richie, I love you. I 
love you!" All at once she stiffened. "Gaaaaah-nnnnng-
unnnnnnh-AAAAAAAHHHH! Oh, God, Richie, did I cum? I think I 
ccuuuuuuunnnnnnnggghhh-AAAAAHHHH!"

    This time it was Joanie who pulled me up for a deep kiss, 
licking her own juices off my face. As we nuzzled, my stiff 
cock was at the gate of her pussy. I felt the hot, slippery 
fluids from her washing over the tip of my dick.

    I looked straight into her warm brown eyes. "Did Jenny 
Piccolo tell you about anything else? I mean, about what boys 
and girls can do ...?"

    "You mean ... Oh, Richie, do you want to fuck me?" Hearing 
my kid sister use words like that turned me on even more 
than ever.

    "Yes, yes, Joanie, I want to fuck you. I want to put my cock 
inside you and feel your pussy around me. Please, Joanie, I 
love you so much, can I?"

    She closed her eyes and sighed deeply. "Yes, please, yes! I 
want you inside me! I want you deep in me, Richie!"

    I pushed my cock up to the entrance of her steaming tunnel 
and slowly slipped inside. She was tight, even tighter than 
when she'd sucked me. But all the juices made it easy to push 
in, her pussy lips squeezing around the inflamed head of my 
dick. I felt the wide helmet pop past the lips, which 
immediately tightened again around my rod. I almost came 
right then, but I held it there for a long time until that 
feeling went away.

    Then I began to stroke, real slow and gentle. The feeling 
was a hundred times better than I'd ever expected. I kept 
pushing in a bit further every time, carefully probing for 
Joanie's maidenhead. Soon I had three or four inches inside 
her, and still nothing stood in the way. 

    "Joanie, I..."

    I heard a soft giggle. "I used a candle, Richie. Three months 
ago. That's something else Jenny taught me."

    "Remind me to thank Jenny next time I see her," I 
murmured. I was happy that the pain of breaking her hymen 
wouldn't interrupt our lovemaking.  Opening my eyes, I looked 
down at Joanie's face, now flushed and covered with sweat 
and cum and juices. My little sister's first fuck, I thought, 
and it was me! Somehow it felt right, now, that I'd be the 
one, not some fumbling jerk who didn't really care for her ... 
like I didn't care for Betty, it occurred to me. Yes, this was 
the right thing.

    By now I was plunging all the way inside her, burying my 
cock to the hilt in the hot, sopping wet pussy, then pulling 
out. Joanie was bucking her slim hips back at me in a primal 
beat.

    "Fuck me, Richie. Fuck me so good. Ohhhh, you feel so good 
inside me. Deeper. Deeper! DEEPER! YES! Ohhh, Richie, it's 
wonderful! Oh, God, it feels so good."

    Her legs closed tight around me, her feet sticking straight 
up in the air. I couldn't believe I could go so deep inside her!  
Her fingers clawed at my back and my knees ached a little 
and my arms were stiff but I didn't really feel much of that 
at all. It seemed like my mind was wired directly to my cock 
and the feel of  Joanie's soft pussy squeezing along the rod 
and the tip bumping up against the back of her cunt and the 
base bouncing against her crotch.

    She brought her heels down against my butt, pressing me 
deeper.

    "Harder! Faster!" Joanie urged me on. "Fuck me harder, 
please, pleasepleaseplease-yes-that's-it-that's-it!"

    The bedsprings were screeching, the sheet and blanket had 
slipped off onto the floor, the pillows had fallen off and 
Joanie's head was bouncing up and down on the mattress, 
sweat flying off as she bucked and jerked and I had never 
loved anyone as much as I loved her at that moment. I felt a 
burning deep within and I knew it was time.

    "Joanie, I'm cuuuummmmmmiiiiiinnnnnnggggg!" Waves of 
jism pulsed through my rod and exploded into her as her 
pussy convulsed, squeezing me dry. "Me too, Richie, me 
toooooooo-AAAAAAHHHHH!" She trembled and stiffened, 
trembled and stiffened, her fingers digging into my sides as 
her eyes flew open and she stared blankly at the ceiling. 
"Aaaaannnnnggggghhhh! Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-AAAAAHHHHH!"

    As my cock made it last feeble pulses, all at once I felt 
the ache in my arms and the friction that had rubbed my 
knees raw. I slipped out of Joanie and rolled over onto the 
bed next to her, taking her in my arms and kissing her long 
and hard.

    "Richie," she said, her eyes softly shining, "I do love you. 
You're so good to me. Can I ask you something else?"

    "Mmmm, yes, little Sis, anything you want."

    "Next time ..." Just the thought of next time made me press 
my mouth to hers again. Next time! My baby sister and I, 
lovers! 

    "Next time ... Can Jenny join us?" She giggled. "I ... I kinda 
promised her, Rich." I might have been shocked, even then, but 
I didn't have a chance. Joanie slipped a hand down to caress 
my cock back to life as she snuggled up to me, sticking her 
tongue into my ear. Before I knew it, she had rolled me over 
onto my back. Incredibly, my dick was stiff and straight 
again. Joanie got on top of me and slowly lowered herself 
onto my cock, letting it slide past her slippery lips and all 
the way up. At first she kept it slow, sometimes even lifting 
all the way off so that the tip would have to pop into her lips 
again. I reached up and twiddled her nipples between my 
fingers, feeling her heart beating swiftly beneath her sweaty 
skin. Then Joanie picked up the pace, until soon she was 
bouncing up and down as if she were riding a bucking bronco.  
My hands slipped down her silky body to rest on her hips, 
holding onto her as the speeding friction drove me wild again. 
Her voice was like a helicopter traffic guy's, all jerky 
because of the bouncing: "Oh-oh Ri-hich-hie I-hi lov-ove yo-
hou! Fu-huck me ye-hes ye-hes uh-NG-GAAAH-haaa-GAAa-
aaaaaaaaahhhh-DDDeehaaaa!"

    My cock was still hard and I urged her on even after her 
orgasm. She must have ridden me for 30 minutes before she 
finally cried out, "Oh, Go-haaad Ri-hichie I-hi can't ta-hake 
this mu-huch loooonnnggge-hheeerr!"

    I eased her off me -- my cock was so swollen that I was 
afraid it would break -- and had her lie face down on the bed, 
already soaked with our sweat and juices. Quickly I moved 
behind her and pressed my dick up against her puckered little 
asshole. I don't know why I thought of it, except from raw 
sexual passion. Smearing some of the juices from her pussy 
onto her other hole, I worked my index finger inside her and 
then slowly but firmly pressed my cock in its place. "Richie! 
Richie, Jenny didn't say anything about this? What are you 
doing?"

    "I love you, Joanie, and I want all of you! It'll be all right! 
Just relax and let me -- oooohhhh, yes!" My dick slid inside 
her asshole, even tighter than her pussy. With my hands I 
kept her small butt cheeks separated as I began to stroke. I 
kept the rhythm slow and steady until I felt the familiar 
burning and my jism blasted deep into Joanie's ass. "I'm 
cummmmiinnngggg!"

    

    The next several years were the best I've ever known. 
Joanie and I had many happy days together, and Jenny Piccolo 
did join us. Joanie blossomed into a beautiful young woman 
with ample breasts, shapely legs and the hottest mouth in 
Milwaukee. Every guy in school wanted her. Even Potsie asked 
her out. She did go out once in awhile, but the guys who went 
with her never got more than a good-night kiss. Joanie saved 
her best for her big brother.

    





