Archive-name: Affairs/mike01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Party, The


Mike is somewhat shy and quiet.  He is married to Betty, a
vivacious, outgoing girl who likes to flirt with other men.  When
they go to parties together, Mike usually winds up being
something of a wallflower while Betty disappears into the crowd.


     Mike was actually enjoying himself.  He couldn't believe it. 
Normally, he didn't particularly like parties.  He went because
his wife liked to go and he usually wound up in a small group
talking while his wife disappeared on the dance floor.  But
tonight Mike was enjoying himself.  He was dancing with the
hostess, June, and he was enjoying every move they made together
in the crowded den.  He caught sight of his wife across the
crowded room, dancing with June's husband.  Even seeing the way
she was molding her body to her partner's didn't upset him
tonight.  It didn't bother him because June's body was glued to
his.

     Mike couldn't believe how he and June were dancing.  She had
her face buried against his neck and he could feel her lips sort
of nibbling at his throat.  Her body was molded to his own and he
could feel her ample tits against his chest through the pullover
shirt which he wore.  He was sure she wasn't wearing a bra.  He
had been pretty sure before he danced with her, because he could
see her nipples pressing against the soft thin blouse she wore. 
Now he was absolutely sure she was braless, because he could feel
her tits pressing against his chest.  He was amazed at the way
she was rubbing up against him as they danced.  He could feel her
crotch against his thigh.  She was actually rubbing her pussy
against his leg!  And her hip was pressing against his crotch. 
He knew that his dick was getting hard in his pants as they
danced.  He wondered if she could feel it.

     "Umm, Mike, you must be enjoying this as much as I am," June
whispered in his ear.  "You're getting a hard-on."

     "I'm sorry, June," he said, "I just couldn't help it."

     "Don't appologize," she giggled.  "I think of it as a
compliment."  As she said this, she boldly rubbed her stomach
against the bulge in his pants.  He gasped with pleasure.

     "Why don't we go out and dance on the patio where it isn't
so crowded?" June suggested.  "Besides, it's cooler out there."

     June pulled away from him and took his hand.  They threaded
their way through the swaying couples and went out through the
sliding glass doors onto the patio.  There were two other couples
dancing in the semi-darkness away from the light which came
through the sliding glass door.

     June led him over to a dark corner of the patio and snuggled
up against him.  He took her in his arms and they began to move
to the music again.  As they danced, he glanced at the other two
couples.  He could see that one couple was the gal who lived
across the street from him and a guy from across town.  He
suddenly realized that the guy had one hand in the woman's
blouse!  He was feeling her tits as they danced!

     If he had thought June was dancing close inside, it was
nothing compared to what was going on now.  She was actually
rubbing her stomach up against his hard dick!  She seemed to be
enjoying the feel of it against her belly.

     Mike caught a glimpse of the other couple and suddenly
realized that it was his wife and June's husband.  They didn't
seem to realize that Mike and June were there.  He saw that
June's husband had his hand down on his wife's ass.  He was
squeezing it and probing between her legs with his fingers from
behind.  Then he realized that she had her hand down between them
and was rubbing his dick through his pants.

     "They really seem to be enjoying themselves, don't they?"
June whispered in his ear.

     "You don't mind?" Mike asked.

     "Oh, no," June chuckled.  "Sam has been wanting to get in
Betty's pants ever since we met the two of you."

     "What?!" gasped Mike.  He drew back and looked down at her.

     "Oh, don't be like that," she told him.  "Actually, I've
been wanting to get in your pants ever since Betty told me what a
big dick you have."  She reached down and boldly grasped his hard
dick through his pants.

     "Boy, she wasn't lying," June giggled.  She slid her hand up
and down the length of his big rod, massaging it through his
pants.

     "Come on, forget them," June whispered to him.  She took one
of his hands and slid it inside the bottom of her blouse.

     Mike found himself sliding his hand up over her warm flesh
in spite of himself.  His hand closed on her big tit and he began
to squeeze and manipulate it.  She gasped into his ear.  Out of
the corner of his eye, he saw Sam slide the zipper down in the
back of Betty's pants and slip his hand down inside.  He knew
that Betty wasn't wearing any panties so he knew that Sam had his
hand on Betty's bare ass.  He saw that Sam had his other hand up
inside Betty's blouse, and he knew that she wasn't wearing a bra
either.  He wondered for a moment if Betty knew he was there,
then he realized that she had her head buried in Sam's neck, and
couldn't possibly know who else might be on the patio.  Stangely,
Mike found himself almost as excited by what Sam and Betty were
doing as by what he and June were doing.

     "Why don't you pull my skirt up and feel my pussy?"
suggested June.  "I'm not wearing any panties," she added.

     Without hesitating, Mike pulled her short skirt up in the
back and slid his hand down over her warm bare ass.  When he
reached the bottom of her ass, he just slid his hand right in
between her legs from behind and dipped his middle finger into
her crack.  He found her pussy flowing with juice!

     Glancing at Sam and Betty again, he saw that Betty was
unzipping Sam's pants.  Evidently, Sam was not wearing any
shorts, because his dick sprang right out through the open fly. 
Mike was a little relieved to see that Sam's dick wasn't quite as
big as his own.

     Mike felt June's hand pulling his zipper down.  She pushed
the front of his jockey shorts down and wrapped her hot hand
around his hard prick.

     "Umm," she purred in his ear.  "That thing is huge."

     Mike removed his hand from June's blouse and boldly began to
unbutton it.  When he had it unbuttoned all the way, he pulled it
wide open and palmed one of her big jugs.

     "Why don't we find someplace a little more private?" June
suggested.  Mike didn't resist when she pulled away from him and
took him by the hand, leading him towards a gazebo in the back
corner of the yard.  Boldly, they walked hand in hand towards the
gazebo, with June's blouse hanging open and Mike's dick sticking
out of his open fly.  When they reached the gazebo, June led him
inside and then turned to face him.  She wrapped both her arms
around his neck and pulled his lips to her own.  Mike palmed both
of her tits as he kissed her.  He felt her breath quicken in his
mouth as he pinched her nipples.

     Pulling his lips away from hers, he bent down and took a big
rubbery nipple in his mouth.  He sucked it in between his lips,
gently nibbling on it.  While he sucked her tit, he reached down
and pulled her skirt up, sliding his hand up between her legs. 
He palmed her pussy, feeling the heat from it against the palm of
his hand.

     Gently, Mike inserted the tip of his finger between her
pussy lips, gradually sliding the finger down deeper into her
slit.  He rolled her clit with his finger, then slid his finger
farther down and swirled the end of it around in the entrance to
her pussy hole itself.

     He felt her slowly backing up.  He raised his head from her
tit to see what she was doing.  Then he realized that she was
maneurvering them to a table located over against the wall.  He
followed her, keeping his finger busy in her pussy.  When they
reached the table, June just reached down and pulled her skirt up
around her waist and sat her ass up on the edge of the table.

     She reached down and began to unfasten his belt and unfasten
his pants.  When they were unfastened, she let them slide down
and pushed his shorts down.  She wrapped her fingers around his
massive hard-on and slowly slid her hand up and down the length
of his shaft.  Mike now had his finger buried in her wet pussy. 
He was sliding it in and out of her, fingerfucking her with the
entire length of it.

     Suddenly, whe began to pull on his dick, drawing him close
to her.

     "Fuck me, Mike," she begged him.  "Stick that big dick up my
hot pussy and fuck my ass off," she told him.  Mike pulled his
finger out of her pussy and moved up against her.  He reached
down and took his dick in his hand, sliding the head of it up and
down in her juicy slot.  He could feel the heat coming from her
cunt.  It felt like an oven.  She pulled her legs up and spread
them.  Mike slid the end of his dick down to her cunt hole and
slowly began to push it up into her.  She groaned as his big dick
slowly penetrated her hot cunt.

     Mike couldn't believe how hot her pussy felt as it slowly
engulfed his dick.  He looked down and watched his dick disappear
up between her legs, sliding right up into the pink opening
framed by her black cunt hair.

     When he had it all the way up in her, he stood for a moment,
just feeling the wet heat surrounding his dick.  He reached down
and hooked his arms under her knees, lifting her legs and
spreading them wide.  June leaned back on the table and supported
herself on her hands.

     Mike slowly withdrew his dick until only the end was still
in her, then slowly pushed it back up into her again.  She
groaned as he fucked her, slowly and deeply.

     Mike began to pick up speed now, screwing his dick in and
out of her faster and faster.  She was responding to his thrusts,
pushing herself up to meet him on every thrust.  Harder and
harder he fucked her, slamming his dick in her up to the balls on
every stroke.

     Mike could feel it building up, deep in his balls.  He could
feel the pressure moving up along the shaft of his dick,
indicating that he was just on the verge of coming.  He wasn't
sure he could hold off much longer.

     Suddenly, June let out a little muffled scream, and her legs
began to jerk and spasm.  Her eyes were shut tight, her face a
picture of intense pleasure.  Mike groaned and suddenly thrust
forward hard, burying it as far up in her as it would go.  His
dick jerked and throbbed as it shot squirt after squirt of his
hot cum deep into her cunt.  Finally, the spasms of pleasure
subsided and he just stood there with his dick still buried in
her cunt.

     After a few moments, he slowly withdrew his prick from the
juicy hole.  She kind of moaned a little as the end slipped out
of her.  He lowered her legs and pulled her back up to a sitting
position.

     "Oh, boy," she smiled at him.  "That was really something
else!"

     "You can say that again," he agreed with her.  "I can't
remember when I have come so hard."

     "It's that strange pussy," she told him.  "Getting some that
you haven't had before will always do that to you, or so Sam
says."

    " Speaking of Sam, I wonder where he and Betty are," Mike
said.

     "Why don't we find out?" June suggested, sliding down off of
the table, letting her skirt fall back down into place and
beginning to button her blouse.  Mike quickly pulled his shorts
and pants up and got himself fastened up.

     They moved over to the entrance to the gazebo and June
peered out.

     "There they are," she said, pointing into the darkness. 
Mike looked out past her and saw them.  Betty was sitting on a
bench in the semi-darkness, leaning back in much the same
position which June had been in.  Her blouse was hanging open and
her pants were lying on the ground beside her.  Sam was on his
knees, between her wide-spread legs.  His pants were down to his
knees and Mike could see his dick, appearing and disappearing
below Betty's ass as he fucked it in and out of her pussy.  He
could hear her moaning and groaning, saying "Fuck me, Fuck me"
the way she always did when she was really getting her ass
screwed off.  And it was obvious that she was really getting
herself fucked good.  Sam was banging her as hard as he could.

     As June and Mike watched, the other couple suddenly went
into orgasm.  Betty was pulling and clawing at Sam, who had his
dick buried to the hilt in her cunt, pumping load after load of
cum deep into her spasming twat.  Finally, they raised up and
separated.  Mike and June watched them rearrange their clothes
and head back for the house before they themselves left the
shadow of the gazebo.

     Something suddenly occurred to Mike.  "Why didn't Sam bring
her to the gazebe?" he asked June.  "They could have walked in on
us."

     June giggled.  "That happened once," she told him. 
"Actually, I walked in on him screwing the wife of the guy I was
about to fuck.  The guy got very upset and was about to try to
punch Sam's lights out when his wife asked him what he was so
upset about when he was oviously there to fuck me."

     Mike chuckled.  "What happened?"

     "Well, we wound up watching them fuck, then they watched us
fuck, but Sam and I decided that people are too unpredictable to
take a chance on that again.  So we decide ahead of time who is
going to get the gazebo for a particular party and the other one
has to find someplace else.  It has worked fine for us ever
since.  Mike laughed.

--
