     Mike's Education, by Bill B. 

     This  is a TRUE STORY (honest....would I lie to you?) It begins a
     rather long time ago in a small town in Texas.....The names  have
     been changed to protect the INNOCENT?
     
     It  was  a  warm  summer  day  and everyone was just being lazy and
     relaxing. School was out for vacation and the  days  just  melted
     into each other for Mike. He was getting bored with nothing to do
     even though he had just finished the tenth grade at the local High
     School. Mike is a handsome lad 5' 9" 140 pounds and a running end
     on  the  football  team. Normally he is very popular, but must of
     his friends have other things to do on vacation.  And  he  hadn't
     seen any of them for the last two weeks.
     
     Mike's parents own the Trailer Park where they live and from time
     to  time  Mike  works  there as a handyman. Fixing water leaks or
     other odd jobs around the park. He was mowing the grass  the  day
     the  Parkers  moved  in,  that  day Mike was wearing only jogging
     shorts and track shoes. Pat and Jim Parker were from Lubbock, and
     Jim worked for a construction  company  that  had  a  project  just
     starting up in the area.
     
     Pat  Parker  was  a small woman in her early 20s with Honey Blond
     hair and rather large breasts for her 4' 8" height. The had a 35'
     by  10'  trailer  that  looked  well  traveled.  Jim  had  been  in
     construction  for the past 3 years, and they traveled from job to
     job. Pat was getting tired of all  the  moving  and  never  staying
     anywhere long enough to make friends...........
     
     When  the  Parkers pulled their trailer into the park Mike helped
     Jim set it up and got all of the utilities connected. By the time
     they got all of this done it was dark and they were all  hot  and
     dirty,  Jim invited Mike inside to have a cold drink and cool off
     in the air condition.....While Mike sat on the couch in the front
     of the trailer Jim was busy in the kitchen making  tea  for  iced
     tea,  and  Pat  was  getting  ready  to  take  a  bath in the bed
     room........Pat MUST have forgotten that they had company because
     she didn't close the door and from  where  Mike  was  sitting  he
     could see all the way through to the rear window.....
     
     Mike  was being treated to a show he had never seen before in his
     15 years.......Sure he had peeked into the girls locker  room  at
     school  but  he  had never seen such a well built fully developed
     woman totally nude and doing the things she  was  doing...She  was
     rubbing  herself  under  her full round breasts where her bra had
     been and around her waist where her belt had  been  and  up  into
     her.........................
     
     When  Pat realized that she had an audience she looked straight at
     Mike and did a ballet maneuver where she brought her  right  knee
     up  to her breast and with her right hand straightened her leg all
     the way up to her head......This exposed her glistening  lips  to
     Mike.........Then  she inserted two fingers and moved them around
     in her vagina........When she brought her fingers out  they  were
     damp  with  her own juice.......She kissed the tips of her fingers
     and blew Mike  a  kiss.........With  this  she  closed  the  door
     between  the bathroom and the kitchen...silently so as not to get
     Jim's attention............
     
     By now Mike was thoroughly rattled he had  NEVER  seen  anything
     like  that  before  even  in his Dads magazines.....his pulse was
     pounding.......the bulge in his shorts was  obvious  and  he  even
     felt a little wet...............
     
     Mike  sat  and  drank his iced tea,trying to put the sight he had
     just seen out of his mind,so the erection he has will go away and
     he could stand up without Jim  noticing  anything.......  Finally
     after  about  20  minutes  he  was  able to stand without his knees
     shaking,just as Mike was ready  to  leave,  Pat  came  out  of  the
     bathroom  (God he thought I've got to get out of here FAST), Mike
     said "Goodnight" and left before his erection returned.....
     
     That night Mike got little sleep, if it wasn't his erection  that
     woke him, it was the dreams of Pat and her gorgeous pussy and the
     way she acted, but what was waking him up is, just as he got near
     Pat  in  his  dream,  Jim  would  ask  him  if  he wanted more ICED
     TEA.......All in all it was a terrible night..................
     
     Monday morning Mike awoke late in the  day  and  didn't  feel  like
     doing  anything,  so  he  went  to  the  river  where his canoe was
     tied..As he approached the river he saw  Pat  standing  there  in  a
     halter  top  and SHORT shorts......from the back he could see the
     bottom of her full cheeks below the hem of her shorts,  but  when
     she  turned around he could SEE the BULGING LIPS and the OUTLINE
     of her FURRY MOUND through the white material of her  shorts.....
     She was wearing NO UNDERWEAR......(oh God thought Mike, I'm gonna
     die....I just know I'm gonna DIE).....................
     
     Pat Says "Hi Mike, I looked all over for you but I guess you were
     sleeping  in. Is this your canoe? It's been so long since I had a
     ride in a canoe, do you think we could take a ride?"
     
     Mike knew his  erection  had  returned  without  even  looking  and
     thought "I've got to sit down before SHE notices."
     "Sure." Mike said "Just let me get it untied and set up the front
     seat",  he  then busied himself with the canoe and had Pat sit in
     the front facing him. When he got in and started  paddling  away
     from  the dock he looked at Pat and saw that she was sitting with
     each knee resting on opposite sides of the boat and her crotch was
     spread wide for his view......Was he wrong or did  it  look  like
     her shorts were damp.....????
     
     When  he  looked  away  from  her crotch she was staring at his and
     licking her lips in the most seductive way he had ever  seen.....
     His  member  was throbbing by now as he paddled across the river
     and into a hidden cove out of sight of anyone. He banked the boat
     and Pat said "Goodness you look like you have a  problem......but
     don't    worry    I    know    just   what   it   takes   to   cure
     it"......................................
     
     They walked a little ways into the woods...and Pat found a  patch
     of  fresh  moss....she  pushed it into a pad about 6 inches thick
     and turned to  Mike......"Pretty  nice  bed...huh?"..............
     Mike  was speechless.....she removed her tube top and her breasts
     sprang out full, ripe and with nipples as hard as small  pebbles.
     Then  she  removed  her  shorts.....in  the  soft light filtering
     through the trees she was even  more  beautiful  that  the  night
     before......she  laid down on the bed of moss....and motioned for
     Mike to join her.....That was  easy  because  Mike  could  hardly
     stand  his  knees  were  so weak.......She kissed him full on the
     mouth with her tongue probing deep  into  Mikes  mouth...all  the
     while  removing Mikes shirt and jeans....she did all of this with
     the hands of a master and never faltered as Mikes hard 8  inches
     jumped  free  of  his underwear.......she stroked the full length
     and cupped her palm over the hard head to collect the juice  that
     was  already flowing......she spread the juice down the shaft and
     massaged his  testicles.......Mike  was  going  crazy... he  was
     about  to  explode when she broke away from his lips and engulfed
     his hardness with her soft hot mouth....That  was  MORE  than  Mike
     could  stand......He EXPLODED in her mouth and she had to swallow
     hard 3 times to keep from loosing any of his cum.............
     
     When the spasms stopped  and  Mike  started  to  breath  normally
     again,  Pat  withdrew  his  still  firm member from her mouth and
     said, "That was a nice way to break the ice.......I'm so hot now,
     I need you to take care of me, and we can both relax......."  She
     lay  down  and  spread  her legs and guided Mikes head toward her
     flaming crotch...."I need to be EATEN ALIVE LOVER......" Mike had
     never seen the full lips and soft inside of a pussy  before,  but
     it  looked  so inviting he gladly opened his mouth and started to
     flick the soft wetness with  his  tongue.........The  smell  was
     intoxicating  and  the  taste  was between natural honey and mild
     salt water. Pat  was  moaning  and  starting  to  move  her  hips
     rhytmically  up and down, so that Mikes tongue traced a path from
     her clitoris to the sensitive area  between  her  pussy  and  her
     anus.....each  time Mikes tongue passed her vagina it caused her
     to shudder...SHE WANTED MORE.... She held  Mikes  head  with  one
     hand     and     moved     the     other     to    massage    her
     clitoris..."YES... LOVER.... PUT... YOUR... TONGUE.... RIGHT....
     INSIDE
     MY... HOT....  HOLE.....  OH...  OH...  YES....  YES....  JUST...
     LIKE... THAT..."
     Her love juice was flowing and  Mike  was  drinking  all  of  the
     marvelous   stuff   he   could   capture   with   his   swirling
     tongue......Her  breath was in short  rapid  gasps  as  her hand
     worked furiously on her clitoris and she bucked harder and harder
     against  Mikes  waiting  mouth  .....   "YES....  YES...  YES....
     JUST...  LIKE... THAT.... OH... OH... OOOOH. YES...  OOOOOOHH....
     OOOOOOHHH...  NOOOOWWWWW....   NNNNOOOOOWWWWW.......   SOCK  HARD
     ..... OOOOHHHH...... YESSSSSS..... HARDER........ YESSSSSSSS..."
     
     They   lay  side  by  side  and  basked  in  the  glow  of  their
     activity....... Mike started to stroke  Pats  soft  body....first
     her  back.....then  her  buttocks......then her breasts......Pats
     Breathing  started  to  quicken  again  and  Mikes  erection  was
     returning....Without  speaking,  Mike  rolled  onto  his back and
     pulled Pat on top......Pat sat up and inserted just the  head  of
     Mikes  dick in her already hot pleasure tunnel and started making
     small rapid circles with her hips, like using a  hula  hoop......
     At  the  same time she was constricting the muscles in her vagina
     and making them quiver....Mike manipulated her breasts and rubbed
     the  hard  nipples   sending   little   electric   shocks   through
     her......With  each  revolution the head of Mikes dick rubbed her
     G-SPOT a little harder.... Driving her into more of a frenzy with
     each turn................. Finally when they both could  stand  no
     more.....Mike rolled them over..... with Pat now on the bottom he
     lifted  her legs up to her breasts........ Opening her pussy WIDE
     to  his  thrusts  which  were   now   full   length,   rapid,   and
     demanding....In this position each time he thrust into her he hit
     the sensitive G-SPOT causing her to shudder with each stroke.....
     There  mutual  orgasms started as a swelling tide and then rushed
     over  them   with   crashing   frequency.....   again....   and....
     again..............
     
     When  it  was  over they dressed and returned to the boat for the
     trip back across the river.......Mike knew  that  he  had  PASSED
     the entrance TEST for SEX EDUCATION 101.....and Pat knew that she
     had     FOUND     a    friend    for    her    STAY    in    this
     town..



