Archive-name: School/mikebamb.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Mike and Bambi


        Late one night, I was sitting in my dorm room agonizing over our latest
defeat at football.  To make matters worse, I had suffered a knee injury in the
second quarter and wasn't very effective after that.  I changed into my robe and
limped down the hall to the bathroom to take a shower and reflect on next week's
opponent.

        I stepped into the shower area and took off my robe after closing the
curtain and stepped into the shower.  The rush of hot water coming out of the
shower head was exhilerating!  I stood there for an eternity, just letting the
water splash on my face.  After a while, I got enough strength to wash my body
and limp out of the shower.  After drying off and shaving, I walked out of the
bathroom feeling like a new man.  I walked to my room and saw a note on my
message board.  It said:

        "Mike,

                Saw you walking into the shower room so I'll be back in
                a half-hour.

                                                        Bambi"

        Bambi?  What does she want?  I guess she just wants to see if I'm OK or
not.  Bambi is a freshman cheerleader from California.  Her long, straight
blonde hair cascades down to her shoulders and her naturally tanned skin make
her look like the stereotypical blonde that I like to joke about at times.  She
is a very beautiful woman of 20 and her curves are in all the right places.  All
of the players love to look at her on the sidelines when we're not in the game
and it's not very hard to see why.  But I like her because of her intelligence
and our frequent conversations at the Abbey on a variety of subjects.

        I'll still never forget the first time we really talked.  We had smiled
to each other in the training room as we had our ankles taped before practice
every day.  One day, I was on the VAX during a break between classes and she
approached me for help on something, like all freshmen and freshwomen do at the
beginning of the year.  Most of the time, it's in the manual so it irritates me
when they don't bother reading but they'll bother other users.  But with Bambi,
I didn't mind at all and after I got her problem solved, she hugged me and
kissed my cheek in gratitude.  My face became a beet red, but fortunately,
nobody was around to embarrass me about it.

        I was just sitting on my bed and reminiscing about this when my light
flashed.  In all that, I had forgotten to change out of my clothes, but looked
through the peek-hole to see Bambi standing outside.  I stuck my head and one
hand out to tell her that I would be with her in a minute.  She asked, "Are you
naked?"  I said, "No, but I am in a robe and was about to change clothes."  She
said, "As long as you're dressed, I don't mind.  After all, I've seen your bare
feet in the training room," giggling.  So I let her in and offered her a drink.
She accepted and I grabbed two Budweisers out of the refrigerator.  Being the
gentleman I am, I opened her beer before handing it to her.

        We both sat on my bed (In Benson, by the way) and talked about the game.
After talking about it a while, my disappointment must have shown because she
compassionately looked into my eyes and told me that she was proud of me.  This
got me thinking and I finally asked, "Bambi, with all the team and most of the
student body wanting to take you out on a date, why are you so interested in
little ol' me?"

        Bambi said, "Mike, you are the nicest guy I have ever met and I know
that I can trust you with anything.  Plus, you're funny as hell!"  I grinned at
the last part and she told me that she was wondering what I was planning for the
night.  I told her that I was going to try to get some studying in because I
have a test on Monday.  She said, "That's another thing.  Most of your teammates
are only here to play around and chase skirts, but you care about your education
and want to make a difference in this world."

        "I doubt if I really *can* make a real difference in the world the way
the world is built as it is," I replied.  "Well, I know my world has changed
since I met you," she said with a shy look on her face.  It seemed that she
wanted to make a move, but was afraid to.  But I was afraid, too because I asked
myself, "What if I'm wrong?"  I decided to try a hug and see how it goes.  As I
outstretched my arms, she melted into them and rested her hed on my chest and I
gently held her like a little baby.  She looked up, giving me an opportunity to
stare into her eyes.  Slowly, like in the movies, our lips approached and I gave
her a soft, tender kiss.

        After what seemed to be an eternity, we broke the kiss and she looked at
me.  "I've wanted you ever since we met but didn't have the nerve to ask."  I
said, "Really?  Well, it looks like you might not have to ask now."  And with
that, we charged into each other and gave a long, passionate French kiss.  I
held her waist as we poured our passion to each other and she grabbed my hands
and put them on her full breasts covered by her cheerleader's sweater (She
hadn't changed clothes since the game ended).  I rubbed her chest with great
enthusiasm and moved down to kiss her neck.  This move made her go crazy with
lust and she broke off momentarily to remove her sweater.  As I suspected by my
rubbing, she wasn't wearing a bra and her breasts were there in all their glory.
They were as big as I like, but also firm and capped by rosy red nipples.  I
tenderly placed my fingers on them and rubbed them slowly and sensuously as I
went back to sucking on her neck.

        I could feel her groans of pleasure at my manipulations and I laid her
flat on her back and flicked the very tip of my tongue on her nipple.  She
shivered in ecstasy.  I then began to suck on her nipple like a little baby
taking in the nourishing love she had to offer.  Though she was getting much
pleasure, she managed to slide off her skirt and panties and I got up to remove
my robe and shorts.  When I tossed them aside, she traced the outside of my
cock with her fingernails which sent spasms of electricity through my mind.
I was so lost, but she woke me up by saying, "Can I suck this?"  I looked at
her pussy and said, "OK, but let's 69 so I can do you, too."

        So I laid on my back to allow her to be on top and smother my face with
her juices as she lowered her womanhood onto me.  My tongue accepted her
eagerly as I playfully flicked my tongue back and forth across her clit.  I
lightly rubbed her butt cheeks while I feasted on her sweet pussy, drinking in
all her love juices.  I could feel her body begin to shake and I pressed my
face as deep inside her as I could, nuzzling my cheeks across her labia and
furiously licking her clit.  She began to hump my face and I could tell that
I would be tasting the full force of her very soon so I added the extra charge
of lightly nibbling on her clit and it blew her mind as she had a tremendous
orgasm.  I greedily swallowed all of her juices and laid my head back.  It was
then that I became aware that I was still getting my knob polished expertly by
her sweet lips as she sucked furiously.  I concentrated and bucked my hips
slightly, forcing more of my cock in her mouth.  She didn't mind and started to
suck harder and harder until I couldn't take it anymore and filled her mouth
with my cream, which she swallowed.

        After relaxing for a minute, she turned around and kissed me tenderly.
I could only smile as she started to rub my cock again to get it hard.  "I
want you inside me," she said seductively.  I said, "Never argue with a lady."
We manuvered around (The beds in Benson are great, but still too small!) so
that I could be on top of her and asked her if I needed protection.  She said,
"No, I'm on the pill."  So I lightly rubbed the head of my cock against her
clit, using it like a big finger and rubbing circles around.  Finally, I
inserted the head inside her hot, wet, waiting pussy and slowly pushed it in.
I looked into her face and could tell that she felt good with it and I slowly
rocked back and forth, giving her wave after wave of pleasure.  She said, "It's
so good!  Fuck me!"  I continued my motions and she pleaded with me to go
faster.

        So I speeded up my rhythm a little and began to push myself with more
authority.  She moaned and groaned in pleasure as she cupped my ass cheeks to
help push me in harder and deeper.  Sweat was beginning to drip down my forehead
and she kissed it off for me as I drove myself deep inside her.  Bambi started
to scream (with signs o' course), "OH YES!  I'M CUMMING!!!"  And as she started
to erupt in orgasm, so did I and I filled her hot, tight hole with my seed to
meet her juices.  After that, I was spent.  I collapsed on top of her and held
her, hoping that I could have her forever.  I kissed her cheek and said, "You
were wonderful and I love you."  She smiled, "I love you, too," and kissed me
softly on the lips.  With no roommate (Is that fantasy or what?), we just laid
there and fell asleep in each other's arms.

                                                To be continued (?)
-- 
