
                          MIKE31.TXT -- M/F/f, INCEST

                                     COSBY:
                        The Daughter Never Knocks Twice

                                 By Uncle Mike
                               (Max S. Wojtylak)
                          fr582@cleveland.Freenet.Edu

      Denise was sprawled face down on her bed, kicking idly at the mattress
with her Nikes. She was in her mid-teens, a street-wise girl with a
milk-chocolate body that was concealed now inside a baggy pair of overalls and
a tattered men's T-shirt. She had learned to keep her curves well-hidden,
although even the best disguise wouldn't stop some of the guys in high school
from hitting on her.

      Still, Denise knew that it could have been worse. There were some girls
who asked for it, dressing like hookers, but even those who wore simple skirts
and blouses had to put up with an incredible amount of shit.

      She walked a lot of lines to avoid trouble -- working hard to get the
grades that would get her into college, but being careful not to be seen as a
grind or a brain (not that the last was any real problem). And dressing down,
but keeping it funky enough not to become the class joke.

      Those weren't lines her parents understood. Mom the lawyer and Dad the
doctor didn't see why being too good in school could be a problem. They were so
sold on education that they'd probably have been on her case full-time if she
wasn't lucky enough to have a younger brother as dumb as Theo around, screwing
up his grades far worse than she'd ever dare to do.

      She picked at a bit of fuzz on her comforter as her thoughts drifted. It
wasn't really aimless thinking; she was consciously trying to avoid doing what
she knew she couldn't avoid. She reached over and flicked on her radio,
stalling for time.

                             ===   ===   ===   ===

      Clair had disappeared after dinner, mysteriously telling Cliff only that
she had something special to do in their bedroom. He puttered around the living
room for awhile but finally his curiosity got the better of him and he clumped
up the stairs. His middle-aged bones protested the strain of attending two
births earlier that day, but despite his graying hair Cliff forced a slight
spring into his step.

      When he opened the bedroom door, he thought Clair must have snuck
downstairs again without his noticing. The lights were out. Cliff wanted to get
the book on his nightstand, anyway, so he took a step into the room.

      "Hi, Cliff," came his wife's voice from the darkness. "Close the door."

      His eyebrows rose. As the door clicked shut behind him, a light snapped
on next to the bed.

      Clair was stretched out before him in a white nightgown sheer enough to
let him see that she had nothing on underneath. He drank in her slim, shapely
brown body -- the breasts, still firm for a woman her age, the taut belly, the
long, slender legs.

      "Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho," Cliff burbled as he approached her, stripping off
his own clothes. After all their years of marriage, she could still turn him
into a sex-crazed wildman.

      "Like my surprise, lover?" Clair whispered huskily.

      "Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho," he chuckled in reply, stark naked now as he reached
the bed and crawled toward her.

                             ===   ===   ===   ===

      Denise groaned as another commercial interrupted the music. She glanced
up at the clock. Groaning again, she got up slowly and sat on the edge of the
bed, pulling out the note from her teacher and staring at it for the fortieth
time.

      Mr. Pfister wanted her parents to know that Denise was turning down "an
excellent chance to sharpen her curriculum vitae before applying to college" by
rejecting membership in the National Honor Society.

      She'd only made the cut by the skin of her teeth, and if she'd even known
she was close she would've managed to trim a few points off her GPA somewhere.
The NHS was the worst of all, even worse than belonging to the chess club. But
Denise knew her parents wouldn't understand; they'd insist that she apply.

      She groaned again. Could she tell them? How the last two girls she knew
to get named to the group had been haunted by half the boys in the class? How
Shanelle had been almost raped by one boy who wanted to teach her not to be so
uppity? Denise held herself tightly. Still a virgin, somehow, she didn't know
what she feared most: having the other kids find out -- or having them find out
why, that she was just too scared that the boy she chose would reject her. She
knew the kids would hit on anything with two tits, but when it came right down
to it, when she had found someone she really liked -- what then?

                             ===   ===   ===   ===

      Clair moaned softly as Cliff expertly ate her pussy, licking ever so
delicately. She ground her hips under his ministrations, her fingers running
through his short, kinky hair. "That's perfect, Cliff," she said. "Just a
little lower... ohhhhh, that's it!" He maneuvered his tongue around her cunt.
Of course he could eat pussy, he thought to himself; after all, he was a
gynecologist.

      When she came, it was in her usual torrent of tremors, her body twisting
and turning as the sheets wrinkled under her, slipping off the corners of the
mattress under the strain.

      Careful not to make any noise with all their children still up, Clair bit
into the side of a pillow, muffling her shrieks of passion.

      When at last she calmed down Cliff moved up, his stiff cock poised at the
entrance to her hot, wet cunt. With the ease of a long-married couple, they
joined swiftly. Cliff's hips rose and fell as he plunged into her tunnel.

      "Damn, you're still good, woman," he whispered in her ear.

                             ===   ===   ===   ===

      Denise took a deep breath and got to her feet. She knew it couldn't be
postponed any longer. Note crumpled in her hand, she left her room and went
downstairs. Mom was going to be in her bedroom, but Denise figured this was one
that might go down better if she talked to Dad first. Not, she reminded herself
ruefully, that either one was very accommodating when it came to school stuff.

      She searched the first floor and called out into the basement, but Dad
wasn't anywhere. Sticking her head into the kitchen she had startled Theo, who
was supposed to be studying but really was having a sandwich and listening to a
tape -- with the volume at full blast, to judge by the noise that came through
the tiny earphones. She tried asking if he knew where Dad was, but by the time
he took out the earphones she was tired of asking and just walked away. In the
living room, Rudy was reading a book on the couch; all Denise got for asking
her if she knew was a two-syllable answer -- "uh-uh."

      Denise shook her head as she trudged up the stairs. Dad must be up there
too. Sometimes getting them both at once was even worse than one at a time, but
there was no getting around it.

                             ===   ===   ===   ===

      Clair's legs were wrapped tightly around Cliff's waist and her hands
clawed at his back as he thrust into her again and again.

      "Yes, yes!" she whispered, "yes, harder, Cliff! Drive it into me! Put
that meat into motion, lover!"

      Cliff complied, launching himself into her cunt. He was enjoying this
fuck more than any in the last several weeks, feeling in complete control. With
the stamina that comes with age, he held back his own orgasm as his cock drove
in. Clair, always ready for more, let herself go in another swirl of bucking
and arching, driving her face into the pillow once more to stifle the screams.

      The pillow was still covering her face when their daughter's voice
crackled.

      "Dad? Mom! Oh, my God! Oh, no!"

      Cliff rolled off Clair's sweaty body and grabbed for the sheet to cover
himself; it didn't quite reach. He didn't know where to hide. He wasn't one of
those fathers who's casual about being nude in the house; he guarded his
privacy and respected his children's. And he'd taken one too many child
psychology classes not to worry about the effects of what Denise must have
seen.

      Clair was uncovered as well. Denise stared at the juices oozing out of
her mother's cunt and became aware of the musky odor of sex that filled the
room. Too shocked to move and too embarrassed to speak, she stared
open-mouthed.

      "Mmph-ur-ump!" Clair said, and then spat out the pillow. "Denise! What
are you... why didn't you knock?" Even nude, Clair was able to compose herself
into a sort of commanding posture, and she shook her finger at her young
daughter. "We've told you time and time again..." Cliff stared at her,
wondering how she managed to become so calm. Personally, he thought he wouldn't
be able to manage much more than some incoherent babbling.

      From the hallway came the tiny voice of their youngest daughter, Rudy.
"Momma, can I come in?"

      "No, honey," Clair quickly called out. "Close that door. Now!" she
whispered sharply at Denise. "Denise and I have to have a talk, honey. You go
on to bed now. I'll be in to tuck you in later."

      Denise closed the door and turned to face her parents again, but still
clung to the doorknob with one hand. "I can -- can just leave," she stuttered.

      Cliff was too busy trying to work the sheet loose to respond. But Clair,
unmoving, spoke calmly.

      "You just stay right there. Now I want to know why you barged into our
room without knocking."

      "I just -- just didn't think," Denise offered weakly.

      "Didn't think? Didn't think? Why did the good Lord give you a brain if
you're not going to use it, young lady? I don't want you ever coming into this
room again without knocking. Ever. Do you hear me?"

      "Yes, Ma'am," the young girl said. "Can I go now?"

      "Not quite," Clair said flatly.

      Cliff had given up trying to move the sheet up and had shifted down
himself, working enough of one end free to cover his privates. "What? Let the
girl go, Clair," he protested. He gave the sheet another tug, trying to cover
up his slight pot belly -- well, he considered it slight, anyway. Was she
crazy? He just wanted this whole thing to be over with.

      Clair refused to give in. "You came in here for a reason, young lady,"
she said, keeping a steely gaze on her daughter's face. "It better have been a
good one."

      Denise felt trapped. This was definitely not the time to bring up the
note -- but what else could she say? She stammered and stumbled and hemmed and
hawed, stalling in hopes that her mother would finally just send her away.

      But instead, Clair's face softened and she sat up on the bed. Her breasts
sagged only slightly as she leaned forward.

      "I think I know what the reason was, honey," she said quietly.

      Denise stared back, racking her brain to figure out what her mother was
talking about. She came up blank. Cliff was thinking fast, too, but to no
better result.

      "You knew what we were doing, didn't you?" Clair asked.

      Denise shook her head frantically. "No, I swear, I..."

      "Yes, you did. And you wanted to come in. To see. Well, did you like what
you saw?"

      "I -- I --" Denise fell back against the door in surprise. "No, really, I
just -- I mean..."

      "Honey, you've never seen anyone having sex before, have you?" Clair had
scooted down to the foot of the bed now, and reached a hand out to her
daughter. "It's OK. I had an idea you were still a virgin. Oh, don't be so shy.
Look, we're not born knowing what to do. It's natural to want to see what it's
all about. I just wish you'd asked me, that's all."

      Without quite knowing why, Denise took her mother's hand and stepped up
to the bed. Her father was staring wildly at Clair, eyes bugging out as he
tried to back away but couldn't bring the sheet with him. Now he knew Clair was
crazy. What did she think they were, some kind of visual aids for their kids?

      "You know, just watching isn't really enough," Clair said softly,
reaching out and gently unbuttoning the straps of Denise's overalls.

      Cliff sputtered in shock. "Say what?" He had seen a lot of naked women in
his practice, but his daughter -- he shuddered -- that was one body he didn't
want to know about.

      But Clair gave a quick yank on the sheet, exposing his cock -- which, to
his shame, had begun to thicken again when his daughter's overalls had slipped
to the carpet, exposing a wispy of pink satin at her crotch and a pair of legs
not quite as long as her mother's but just as shapely. It was hard for him to
admit it, even to himself, but Denise's body turned him on. She reminded him in
some ways of Clair when she was younger, but he'd never known her when she was
that young. Hell, he'd never known any girl -- you know, known them -- that
young.

      "I'm not saying this is right for every child, Cliff," Clair said,
helping Denise lift off her T-shirt and expose her budding cupcake breasts,
"but Denise must have wanted it, whether she knew it or not. And frankly, from
the looks of things (his cock was now fully erect), so did you."

      Denise's mind swirled as, at her mother's direction, she slipped off her
shoes and crawled naked onto her parent's bed. Cliff tried not to watch, but
the vision was impossible to ignore. Denise looked like a nymph, the freshness
of youth turned into an erotic masterpiece. His daughter, he realized with a
gulp, turned him on.

      "Now, honey, we're going to take it nice and slow, let you get used to
everything first," Clair said, guiding her daughter to lie down on her back
between them. Cliff flinched when the girl's warm, smooth thigh brushed his,
but with a gentle touch Clair held him in place. "And so you can get used to it
too, Cliff," she said.

      He stared, open-mouthed, at what came next, slowly rubbing his cock.

      Moving between her daughter's dark-skinned legs, Clair slowly parted them
with her hands as she planted soft kisses on the insides of Denise's thighs.
She was so gentle that Denise almost didn't realize it when Clair's tongue
first flicked against her labia.

      But soon her mother's tongue was probing inside her, drawing forth a
passion she'd never known before.  And to her amazement, her father became so
excited that he forgot his inhibitions and bent down to nuzzle his young
daughter's breasts, sucking the tiny nipples in until they grew stiff and
erect. Cliff let himself go, forgetting for the moment that this was his own
child, forgetting that his wife was right there with him, letting his raging
lust take over.

      A warm glow spread through the young girl's body and then burst into a
heated explosion that seemed to yank on every muscle she had. Like her mother,
she was a screamer, but her yelps were muffled by her father's open mouth,
which pressed against her lips as his tongue slipped inside. "I love you,
Denise," he had whispered as he rose to her, and he meant it. His hands roamed
her supply body, brushing gently against her budding breasts.

      At the height of her passion, she felt a sharp pain in her cunt. She
pushed aside her father's lips and stared down at her mother. Clair was pulling
out the two fingers she had jammed into her daughter's tunnel. Drops of blood
glistened on the fingertips.

      "It's all right, honey," Clair assured her daughter as she wiped her hand
on the sheet. "It's just another natural thing. I just needed to make you ready
for your father."

      As Clair said that, Cliff seemed to become suddenly aware again of what
was going on. He rolled over to the side of the bed, almost falling off.  God,
he thought, this is my daughter and my wife! What kind of sick family are we?

      Denise, too, seemed stunned; she drew her legs up and closed them
tightly, hugging them in a fetal position. Her mind was ablaze and she shook
her head, trying to clear it. One part of her was hungrily crying out for more,
but the other was afraid, desperately afraid, of what was going on. She looked
at her father, and though she didn't dare admit it to herself, the sight of his
big cock enticed her. She wondered what it would feel like inside her -- she
couldn't fit it all in, could she? And even if she did, she wouldn't be any
good. She'd never done this! She'd be a disaster.

      For the moment, Clair let Cliff fret. She concentrated on easing her
daughter's fears.

      Crawling up to lie beside Denise, Clair began to stroke the young girl's
goose-pimpled flesh. Her hands roamed over the taut belly, the tender breasts.
Slowly she moved in closer until her nipples brushed her daughter's side.
Tenderly Clair began to kiss Denise's shoulder, her neck, her chin. As she did,
her daughter's legs relaxed and slid back down. Clair raised herself up and
kissed Denise full on the lips. Their tongues met in a sizzling touch, and
Clair straddled the young girl's body with her own.

      Denise melted under her mother's caresses, finally responding with her
own. She reached a trembling hand to her mother's side, then slid it ever so
slowly up until she felt the swell of the older woman's breast.  Soon she grew
bolder, pulling her mother's body down onto her and crushing their cunts
together as she twisted underneath. Clair encouraged her daughter, whispering
her love into the young girl's ear. Quickly Denise's passion overtook her and
she reached down, pulling her mother's hand into her cunt as she eagerly began
to finger Clair's. Again Denise's mind was ablaze, but this time it was all of
a piece. She wanted this, dear God she wanted this! Wildly she shoved her
fingers against her mother's twat.

      Clair patiently instructed Denise in just how to please her,
demonstrating on her daughter's pussy and then sighing as Denise responded in
kind.

      Denise was lost in their lovemaking when Clair unexpectedly rolled off.
"It's time, Cliff," she whispered, but the urging wasn't needed. Cliff had been
stroking himself as he watched, and now he quickly moved on top of his
daughter, his hard cock poised at her sopping wet pussy lips. He looked down at
her, his eyes clouded with tears. The lovely sight of his own, naked daughter
was almost too much to bear.

      Denise shook a little in fright, staring at the size of her father's
shaft. "It won't fit, will it?" she asked her mother. Clair smiled. "You'll
manage," she said, slipping a hand between her daughter and her husband,
guiding his cock home.

      Denise let out a muffled groan as the swollen head of her father's cock
spread her cunt lips, slipping wetly between them. Clair held him there,
letting Denise get used to the feeling. "Now, Cliff," she said at last. "But
take it slow."

      "Ohhhhhhh," he groaned as his shaft slid into his daughter's burning-hot,
glove-tight cunt. Not in decades had he entered a pussy this small. He felt
every centimeter as his cock spread apart the cushiony wet walls. Halfway in he
stopped and began to withdraw, using short, slow strokes until he felt Denise
beginning to buck back at him.

      Then he pressed in harder and soon sank into her to the hilt. A deep moan
forced itself out of him as Clair spread Denise's legs apart, opening her to
Cliff all the way.

      Cliff could feel Denise's nipples slipping across his chest as she
twisted under him. Again and again he plunged into his daughter's cunt, every
time amazed by the incredible sensations stirred up by her tight pussy.

      "Daddy, am I doing OK?" Denise's voice was trembling.

      "Denise, you're doing just great," he whispered to her. He bent down to
her ear. "You're the best fuck I've ever had," he said quietly. "But don't tell
your Mom I said so!"

       Joy filled Denise as her father pulled away. She was good at something,
at last! At that moment she resolved to make her father happy every chance she
got. She'd show him what a hot little daughter he had.

      Cliff was lost in his passion, pounding at his daughter's sweet pussy.

      Clair stroked his balls, driving him even wilder. Madly he sped up the
pace and Denise kept up with him all the way, smashing her hips up at him.

      Feeling an orgasm build, he called out, "I'm cumming! I'm gonna shoot!"

      But Clair quickly squeezed the base of his cock, shutting off the flow
and slightly deflating him. Over the next hour she led Cliff and Denise through
a Kama Sutra of positions. Denise learned to suck her father's dick, to take
him doggie style and sideways. Finally, with Cliff drenched in sweat and near
exhaustion, Clair rolled him over onto his back and had Denise squat over his
still-erect cock.

      Gently she eased her daughter down until the shaft slid home again,
bending slightly under the pressure before Denise took it all in.

      "Now ride him, honey," Clair urged, fingering her own cunt with one hand
as she massaged her daughter's clit with the other.

      Denise did as she was told, rising and falling with her father's cock
rubbing her cunt raw. Thick juices flowed freely out of her pussy and soaked
the bedsheets that were tangled and knotted beneath them. Cliff stared up at
her, fondling her tits as he humped back at her. He was amazed at what Clair
had done, but he loved her more than ever for it, for sharing their love with
their daughter.

      "Faster, sweetie, faster," Clair said, stepping up the pace of her own
frantic masturbation.

      Cliff's eyes were shut tightly as the motion drove him ever and ever
closer to the edge. He grabbed at the mattress and shook his head back and
forth on the soaking-wet pillow as his daughter fucked him, her small tits
bobbing up and down with every stroke.

      At last he could hold back no longer and a hot jet of cum spurted out of
him, sending Denise over the edge as well into another orgasm. Clair came at
the same instant and locked her lips with her daughter, their groans sending
out vibrations that intensified the passion of their kiss.

                             ===   ===   ===   ===

      After it was all over, Denise slipped back into her clothes and crept to
her room, peeking out carefully first to make sure her brother and sister
weren't around. She quickly grabbed a nightgown and took a shower before
returning to her bedroom and crawling into bed. She was just about to flick the
light off when there was a knock at the door.

      Her mother came in and shook a crumpled piece of paper at her. "I found
this on the floor, young lady," she said. "And just WHAT does this mean?"

