                              Milady and Milord

[Copyright (c) 1988 by Edward L. Stauff.  Duplication of this story, without
changes or omissions, is permitted for personal, non-profit use.  All other
rights are reserved.]

     It happened in Soskermo, on a very hot day in the middle of summer.  It
was, in fact, the last time I passed through that city before moving north:
the supply of minstrels had quite exceeded the demand for our services.  On
that last trek along my route I nearly starved, and I rode into Soskermo
with one letter to deliver and a firm resolve not to surrender it until my
stomach had been filled at the expense of the letter's recipient.
     In the towns of the north, basement apartments are occupied by those
who lack the means for more desirable lodging.  In Soskermo, however, it was
the fashion for the wealthier classes to occupy the lowest levels of a
building, in order to escape the constant heat.  My destination, as I found,
was the lowest (and therefore the most expensive) apartment in a tall
building near the center of town.  This edifice was set well back from the
street, which made room for a deeply sunken garden between the pavement and
the front of the building.  A bridge of wrought-iron, brightly painted,
crossed the center of the garden to provide access to the main doorway.  My
knock was answered by a door-man, who evidently was employed jointly by all
the residents of the building.
     "What is the nature of thy business?" he asked in a pompous voice.  As
he spoke he studied me with a practiced eye from my cracked and dusty boots
to my cropped, sweat-damp hair, and added with ill-disguised reluctance
"Sir?"
     I bowed low, sweeping my hat through the air in a grandiose circle, to
show him that I was civilized, too.  "I have here a letter for the Lord
Rathmund t'Auliern, from his brother the Duke of Whinton."  My northern
accent seemed to lower his opinion of me even further, if that was possible.
     "Milord is not at home.  If thou wouldst be so kind as to turn over to
me the letter, I shall see it into his hands."  The doorman held out his
hand, his eyes inspecting the door, as if he feared my vagabond hands had
soiled it.  The possibility that I could do otherwise than to obey him and
depart had not even occurred to him.
     Making no move to produce the letter, I informed him: "The Duke assured
me that I would receive a suitable recompense from the recipient of his
letter, most likely in the form of a full meal."  This last part was in fact
not true, but I doubted that the doorman would know that.  That he was
unaccustomed to arguing with minstrels and other riff-raff was becoming
evident, as his neck (which was nearly as wide as his head) was slowly
turning pink.  My hunger notwithstanding, I would gladly have discussed the
matter with him for the rest of the morning, purely for amusement, but at
that moment we heard steps on the stairs behind him.
     "Who is at the door, Chumfers?"
     "Milady," said Chumfers, turning and bowing, "It is a minstrel who doth
claim to bear a letter for Milord, but the ruffian doth refuse to surrender
it."
     "Until," I added swiftly, "I am assured of a meal in payment, as is
customary."  Milady had reached the top of the stairs which led to the
apartment below.  I could see that she was small and pretty, but I dared not
look too long at her: had Chumfers' eyes been pikes, he would have
transfixed me where I stood.
     "Thou mayst come and join me at my luncheon," said Milady.  "Where is
the letter?"
     I handed over the letter and followed her down the wide stairs,
conscious of Chumfers' eyes boring into my back.  The apartment was
deliciously cool after the cruel sunny streets of Soskermo.  It was richly
furnished, with tiled floors of myriad colors and translucent windows which
let in the sun's light while keeping its fiery heat at bay.  In a large, low
hall filled with couches, chairs and tables Milady stopped and looked at
me.  "My name is Ridleigh," I said, bowing and looking back.  Her hair was
light and wavy, and stopped just short of her neck.  She was dark-skinned,
as were all the natives of that region, and wore a short dress without
sleeves.  The dress was the color of butter, and its neckline was cut very
low between her small breasts.
     "Thou mayst call me Milady t'Auliern," she said, leading me to a small
table which had been stocked with food of various sorts.  As we ate we
discussed such vital matters as the climate, the cook's prowess, and the
health of the Baron, whom she called "uncle".  I noted this with interest,
reasoning that if the Baron was her uncle and also the brother of Milord
t'Auliern, then Milady must be Milord's daughter, and not his wife as I had
assumed.  When we had finished our repast, I rose to leave.
     "Milady, I thank you for most graciously sharing with me your food.
Please permit me to leave, before I tarry longer than propriety allows."
     "Wouldst thou not stay yet a while, Ridleigh?" she asked, rising and
crossing to a large couch, in the corner of which she sat down again.
"'Twill be many hours before Milord returneth."  Her eyes made clear what
her words hinted at, and I was suddenly aware of an intense lust to see this
woman naked.
     "But surely," I said, taking a step toward her, "Such a fair maiden
must be betrothed, if not married altogether?"
     "Milady is neither married not betrothed," she responded, "Nor a
maiden."
     I required no further convincing.  Striding to the couch, I sat down
beside her and grabbed her about the waist, pulling her light frame against
me.  Her arms snaked round my back as we kissed.  Any doubts I might have
had about her intentions were washed away by her long, soft tongue which
pushed between my lips and teeth and proceeded to fully explore the inside
of my mouth.  My hands felt small buttons on the back of her dress and began
to unfasten them, one by one.  Milady's hands proceeded in a similar manner
until the tiles before the couch were littered with articles of clothing,
and nothing remained to impede the mutual touch of our skin.
     With a strength that surprised me, Milady t'Auliern pushed me down on
the wide couch and sat upon my thighs.  We paused for a moment as I gazed at
the tuft of hair below her belly, the same color as her skin, but so fluffy
that it completely failed to hide the dainty lips beneath.  "If thou wouldst
be so kind?" she asked, smiling sweetly.  I complied willingly, holding my
stiff organ upright with one hand.  She settled down on it, and two sighs
sounded as one as we felt my penis slide slowly up Milady's vagina.  Her
hands moved forward to support the weight of her shoulders as she wiggled
her hips to lodge me as deeply as possible.
     "Is Milady comfortable?" said I.
     "To the very depths of my crevasse," she answered with much
satisfaction.  "But I fear that the heat of the day doth parch my nipples
most cruelly."
     "Perhaps I may remedy your discomfort."  Leaning forward, I licked
first one pink tip and then the other, which immediately blossomed forth
into lovely dark red buds which seemed too large for such modest breasts.
She arched her back to present them more conveniently.  The sweet mounds of
flesh were soft against my face, her nipples stiff against my tongue.
Presently her arms grew tired and she dropped her chest upon mine.  One hand
tangled itself tenderly in my hair; the other slid between our bellies to
investigate what was happening between Milady's legs.  I felt her fingers,
wet from the union of our bodies, touching here, stroking there, then
rubbing the tiny knob which I knew lay nestled between her furry lips.  I
heard Milady start to whimper, and the knowledge that her climax was
imminent hastened my own.  With our hips pressed tightly together, waves of
intense pleasure washed over us, leaving us both gasping for breath.

                                      *

     "Thou insolent, adulterous rogue!"
     I leaped to my feet out of the doze into which I had fallen, leaving
Milady t'Auliern jostled and disheveled (and, of course, naked) on the
couch.  A man of approximately my own size, wearing a white toga and a
fierce scowl, was striding across the room.  "How dare you, thou ruffian, in
this mine own house?" he bellowed.
     "But good sir, Milord," I stammered, uncomfortably aware of my state of
attire, "Your daughter..."
     "Daughter!?!"  He roared, "Thou hast violated my *wife*!  I shall exact
full retribution from thee, on the instant!"
     "Your wife?"  I suddenly realized that Milady had lied to me, and now
*I* had to face the consequences!  I glanced at her, but her eyes were glued
to her irate husband.  "If you would but name the time and the place..."
     "What?"  Milord t'Auliern was still quite loud, but he was no longer
bellowing.  "Dost thou believe that I would" - he began to chuckle - "that I
would *duel* with the likes of thee on the field of *honor*?  What honor
canst thou claim, with my wife lying naked on the couch, thy seed yet
seeping from her crotch?"  At this, Milady blushed and moved to cover the
area in question.
     "Then, Milord, if you would but name a price..."
     Milord snorted in derision.  "What price wouldst thou fix on the honor
of a lady?  Thou dost insult her anew."
     "Summon the authorities, Milord, I shall not..."
     "A pox on thy thrice-damned authorities!"  He was bellowing again.
"This is mine own private matter, to be settled by myself alone!"
     I thought rapidly.  He would not duel me, nor accept money, nor have me
imprisoned.  Would he have me whipped, or even kill me?  I had brought no
weapons inside the house, save my weapon of love, and he stood between me
and the stairs.  If he attacked me, I would have to run for the atrium and
try to escape.  But I had to be certain of his intentions.  "Surely Milord
would not have me killed!  After all, I have done no injury to Milady."
     He laughed again.  "Kill thee?  No, thou lecherous minstrel, thy
reparation shall be made in kind with thy crime!"  With these words he cast
open his robe, which revealed his cock in glorious erection.  "If thou canst
please me as thou didst please Milady, then thou mayst escape a more painful
punishment."  I was so taken aback at this new development that he had me
cornered before I could even think of moving.  "Get thee on thy knees before
me, and do you suck me long and well."  I would have tried to flee, but
Milady came forward and grasped my limp, frightened organ in her hand.
     "Thou canst not flee while I hold thee thus," she said, "But I need not
hold thee against thy will."  Milady began to stroke the soft flesh in her
hand, and I felt my lust begin to return.  There was now no alternative, but
I was no longer sure I wanted one.  I knelt on the floor before Milord
t'Auliern.
     His skin was the same color as that of his wife, which was darker than
my own, despite the tan I had acquired under the intense southern sun.  I
reached out and gingerly grasped his penis with my hand.  It was warm, and
at once both soft and hard.  I stroked it gently and it throbbed in my
hand.  Taking a deep breath to strengthen my resolve, I bent forward.  Just
as I did so, a pearly drop of clear liquid oozed from the tiny hole at the
end of the shaft.  I hesitated, but realizing that there was more and
possibly worse to come, I put forth my tongue and licked.  To my surprise
and relief, the taste was slightly salty but not in the least unpleasant.
Thus reassured, I took the big blunt crown of Milord's staff between my lips
and began to suck it.  At the same time Milady sat down beside me and put
her head in my lap.
     "If thou dost bite me, doubt not that Trisili will do likewise unto
thee," warned Milord t'Auliern.  He pushed further into my mouth, and I
opened my jaw lest my teeth should scrape the sensitive skin.  At the same
time I felt a moist warmth engulf my own sex.  The realization that I was
doing to her husband what Milady was doing to me produced a great thrill
within me.  I suddenly realized that I enjoyed having this penis in my
mouth, and I sucked eagerly as I felt my own penis grow stiff between
Milady's lips.  I felt a strong desire to give this man the same pleasure
that his wife was giving to me, and I tried to remember the techniques with
which women had pleased me in the past.  Wetting my hands with my saliva, I
rubbed Milord's organ as it slid in and out of my mouth.  Milord grunted
with satisfaction, and began moving his hips back and forth.  I felt his
hands grip my shoulders as he humped my face, and I used my hands to measure
off the portion of his cock which would fit in my mouth without choking me.
Soon he quickened his movements, and I felt a moment of panic at the thought
of what was imminent.  But it was too late for second thoughts; I felt his
muscles contract and he shuddered.  At the same time I felt a taste of
something rich and strong, and a thick liquid washed over my tongue.  It was
followed by a strong gush, and then a stronger one, and I had to swallow
rapidly to avoid drowning in it.  His seed filled my mouth and throat in
great creamy spurts, and the smell of it filled my nostrils.  I felt like I
had drunk tankards of his semen before it stopped and I could catch my
breath.  The heady flavor remained in my mouth after I had swallowed the
last of it, and I found that it tasted almost as good as a woman's cunt.  I
held Milord's penis in my mouth as it slowly shrank, drawing the last drops
from it.  He sighed deeply when at last it slid from my lips.
     "Ahhh, that was good.  Very, very good.  And thou didst seem to enjoy
it!"
     "I must confess," I answered, "That I did.  I must thank you, Milord,
for introducing me to a new pleasure."  This was, unfortunately, the wrong
thing to say.
     "Oh-ho, must thou indeed?  It ill befits a punishment that it should be
enjoyed!  And thou, Trisili, art partly to blame for it.  Get thee out of
his crotch!  I must punish him anew, and thou likewise for thy prurience.
But first I must slake my thirst for thy sweet nectar, so needs must thou
sit upon the couch and open thy honey-pot."  As Milady complied, he turned
to address me.  "In the meantime thou mayst use thy hands and mouth again to
restore me."
     Milord t'Auliern turned to his wife, who was sitting in one corner of
the couch.  Her legs were drawn up and apart, and rested in the crooks of
her elbows.  Her pussy was gaping wide like a huge flower, traces of our
mingled juices still trickling down the crack of her bottom.  My view was
soon obstructed, however, by the head of her husband, which fastened itself
to that most sacred part of a woman's anatomy.  Not daring to risk further
arousal of his wrath, I placed myself beneath the kneeling man and took his
penis once more between my lips.  It was soft and flabby now, and smaller,
so that I could draw the entire length of it into my mouth, the soft head
tickling the back of my throat.  I could hear him eating his wife, who was
quietly cooing and sighing.  Then I encountered a new sensation: Milord's
cock began to grow and stiffen in my mouth.  Soon I heard the sounds of
Milady t'Auliern in the throes of orgasm, and when she had finished, Milord
stood up.
     "Thou, minstrel," he said, "Shall administer Milady's punishment.  Thou
hast known most intimately her larger pleasure-hole; now thou mayst know the
smaller.  Kneel upon the floor, Trisili, and accept thy punishment!"
Trisili obeyed, resting her body on the couch with her knees upon the
tiles.  Between her cheeks I could plainly see the brown wrinkled orifice of
her bottom-hole.  The thought of making love to her there excited my
passion, but I feared that I would hurt her.  Kneeling behind her, I dipped
my fingers into the dripping pink slash below it and smeared the crack of
her fanny with her cream.  I inserted a wet finger to lubricate her
interior, and I noticed with relief that Milady did not so much as flinch.
Moving my hips against her fanny, I wetted my rigid tool in her
love-spring.  Then, aiming higher, I pushed it gently into her bottom.
     "Ah... ah... oh..."  Her breath came in short gasps as my penis spread
her open.
     "Forgive me, Milady," I apologized, "It distresses me to have to give
you pain."  But when she turned her head about to look at me, I saw that her
face was set in a wide smile, and I suddenly realized that pain was not
among her immediate emotions!  Withdrawing, I moistened my shaft with saliva
and inserted it once more.  This time she pushed against me, and in a moment
I was buried to the hilt.  The interior of Milady's bottom was deliciously
tight, and quite hot, but before I had a chance to enjoy the wonderful
sensations we were sharing, I felt something wet press against my own cheeks.
     "Now we begin *thy* punishment," said Milord t'Auliern.  "Both thy
bottoms shall be filled at once!"
     Fear returned as I felt Milord rubbing up and down in the crack of my
ass, and Milady Trisili must have sensed it, for she said to me: "Thou must
relax, Ridleigh, or it will be most painful.  Do not resist, and the pain
will be slight and will not last."  As she finished speaking I felt a
pressure against my anus, and I tried to do as she bade me.  I felt my ass
stretch and stretch as Milord's penis slowly entered me, causing a strange
burning sensation.  The pain grew until at last I cried out to him to stop,
which he did.
     "Thou hast fully half my cock within thee," he said, "We shall do
better on the next stroke."  The pain rapidly disappeared as he slowly
pulled out of me.  He applied more spittle and tried again.  This time the
pain was reduced, but before it could build I bade him cease again.  This
time he replied that it had but an inch further to go.  Pleasure rapidly
replaced pain as his staff slid slowly out.  Once again he slid the great
filling bulk of his penis up my ass, and this time there was but mild
discomfort.  When he stopped, I knew that he was lodged completely inside.
Then I remembered that my own rod was stuffing Milady, so I began to move it
gently in and out.  She responded with short gasps which I now knew to be
expressions of pleasure, not pain.  Then I, too, let forth an involuntary
gasp as my movements were duplicated behind me.
     The intense pressure in my bowels, combined with the squeezing of
Milady's sphincter, drove me to a height of pleasure I had never before
known.  I thrust my rod into the hot crack of Milady's fanny, and each time
I withdrew, Milord's penis slid deep within me.  I bent over Trisili's back
and pressed against her, to enable her husband to penetrate me further.  On
the very next stroke, I felt the blunt knob stab me to the core, and I cried
out as a sharp peak of passion set off the longest, most intense orgasm I
had ever felt.  As I collapsed, panting, on top of Milady, my cock still
lodged in her bottom, Milord t'Auliern came, and I felt his cream fill me in
short, hot spurts.  For many long minutes we were all still as our breathing
and heartbeats slowly returned to normal.

     Freshly bathed, with both my hunger and my passion temporarily sated, I
bid farewell to Milady and Milord.

                                  (the end)
