Archive-name: Family/mildred.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Mildred


     Mildren Vernon taught him everything when he was barely
eighteen. Mildred Vernon was the most important thing that had ever
happened to him, an event that would forever color his existence.
She was his mother's friend, a girl his mother had grown up with in
Connecticut. Mildred and his mother remained friends for years and
years, all during his childhood, and then one day Mildred and her
family moved to New Hampshire and the two women saw each other only
infrequently. Kevin had always been fascinated by Mildred,
particularly since that one time when he caught a glimpse of her
while she was changing her clothes in his mother's bedroom in
preparation for a swim in a nearby lake. He'd been outside the
house, and when he heard Mildred was headed for his mother's
bedroom to get into her swimsuit, he walked around the back of the
house hoping he might see something through the window.  What he
saw was Mildred half-dressed, stripped to the waist as she bent
over to fetch her swimsuit out of her purse. He never saw more than
that because there was no way to remain at the window, but the
sight of Mildred's heavy swinging breasts had burned into his
brain. Years later when he was eighteen and visiting New Hampshire
to have a look at the Dartmouth campus, his mother gave him
Mildred's address in Hanover. "You'll be right there in town," his
mother said.  "Mildred will never forgive you if you don't stop
by." He did stop by and it changed his life.
     What happened was that when he telephoned the Vernon house in
Hanover, they insisted he have dinner with them the next evening,
but when he arrived he found Mildred alone because her husband had
rushed away somewhere on business. Mr. Vernon worked for an
insurance company, and it seemed there was a bad forest fire
threatening some towns near the White Mountains. Their two sons
were still at college in California and wouldn't be home on their
holiday until the following week.
     Mildred seemed extremely pleased to see Kevin. "My God, you've
grown up," she said, her eyes looking him up and down in a way that
made him blush. She was in her early forties, the same age as his
mother, and now the memory of that day when he'd seen Mildred half-
naked came back and began to torment him.
     That evening at dinner, Mildred was cheerful as she made him
talk about himself, his plans for college, his girlfriends, and so
on. She was wearing a loose sweater that more or less hid her
breasts, but he couldn't help remembering them, couldn't help
thinking about them, his eyes returning to her breasts again and
again in furtive glances. More than once as they talked he thought
she caught him looking at her chest. She seemed amused about
something, and he thought maybe that was it.  Then after a while he
felt rattled when he realized she was flirting with him. It was
subtle enough but it was there in the way she looked at him, in the
way she moved her body, in the way she kept returning the
conversation to his love life as if she were searching for
something. He suddenly became intensely aroused, his penis erect
and aching, the bulge thankfully hidden by the napkin in his lap.
     Mildred suggested they have a bottle of wine with their
dinner, a bottle of strong red wine that soon had him giddy and
thinking more than ever about what she would look like with that
blouse removed, the blouse and the brassiere that he guessed she
wore, everything removed and with Mildred leaning forward like that
day in his mother's bedroom, leaning forward to make her breasts
swing back and forth like a pair of ripe cantaloupes. Except of
course her skin would much smoother than the skin of cantaloupes,
satin smooth, almost translucent because she had fair perfect skin
and the perfection would show best in her breasts. And cantaloupes,
of course, did not have nipples. The nipples of a woman's breasts
had always fascinated him more than the breasts themselves, but he
hadn't caught more than the most floeeting glimpse of Mildred's
nipples that day when she was in his mother's bedroom, and all he
could remember was that the tips of her breasts were pointed.
     As they ate their dinner and drank the wine, they became more
and more talkative and cheerful, and when they were finally
finished with the dinner Mildred said she would do the dishes later
and they went into the living room together. He thought they would
sit down, but instead himself standing with her in the middle of
the room. Suddenly there was no more talk, and as they looked at
each other it was obvious to him they were both thinking the same
thing. He'd never had moments like this with a woman her age, but
he'd had moments like this with girls and he recognized what was
happening. He wanted Mildred desperately. He dreaded the idea of
nothing happening and nothing resulting from it except an ache in
his loins. He waited in agony while he tried to gather every scrap
of courage he had to make a move of some kind. But it was Mildred
who made the first move, gliding toward him with her eyes more
flirtatious than ever, running her hands up his arms and then
leaning forward to kiss his mouth without actually pressing her
body against his. It was a light kiss, as if she were testing his
interest. Did she really imagine he had no interest in her?
     "Too much wine," she said as she pulled back a bit. "Too much
wine always makes me do silly things." She looked at his face, and
then she looked down at the front of his trousers and it was
obvious she saw the state he was in. A slow flush came to her face
and she pulled back even further.
     He came alive suddenly. He moved forward and took her in his
arms, and suddenly their mouths came together with such force he
was afraid he'd hurt her with his teeth.
     She moaned against his mouth. "Kevin, don't..." But the next
moment she was kissing him again, her mouth open as he pushed his
tongue between her lips. He felt her belly moving from side to side
against his hard penis, and he shuddered with excitement as he
realized he might be lucky enough to get what he wanted from her.
     She pulled back again and sighed. "All right, but let's sit
down before I fall."
     She took his hand and led him to the sofa and they sat down on
it. And then he kissed her again, and this time he put a hand on
one of her breasts and she immediately moaned against his mouth.
     "Oh Kevin," she said as she pulled back.  "Do you really want
this?"
     "Yes!" he said.
     "The trouble with me is I like it too much.  Come on, kiss me
again."
     He kissed her again, his fingers curling and squeezing her
breast, the globe compressed by his hand, but the nipple definite
as it pressed into his palm. She became more aggressive, turning
her body and sliding a leg over his lap and between his knees and
then pressing her crotch down against his thigh. He let go of her
breast long enough to get his hand inside her blouse. She wore a
flimsy bra, and it was easy enough to get his hand inside it and on
her bare flesh. He squeezed and stroked her breast, his fingertips
sliding over the smooth skin and over the point of the erected
nipple.
     With a sound of amusement, she pulled back. "I think the
reasonable thing at this point is to get our clothes off."
     In a moment he was on his feet, pulling at his clothes,
undressing swiftly. Mildred rose, a languid smile on her face as
she began unbuttoning her blouse. Before she had three buttons
undone, Kevin had himself stripped naked, his penis rearing up
swollen, the knob red. She dropped her eyes to it, smiled again and
then looked at his face. "You don't give a woman much choice." Her
fingers moved more quickly, and before long she had the blouse off
and then the brassiere. She seemed to understand his fascination
with her breasts, for she said nothing and just stood there while
he looked at her.  He gazed at them, his eyes feasting on the
curves, the two globes drooping with their weight but still
appearing firm and tantalizing.  The skin of her breasts was milky
white and the nipples were slightly out of round. Now she took them
in her hands and she lifted them.  "I won't protest if you kiss
them."
     He almost tackled her, burying his face in her breasts,
forcing her down on the couch and immediately sucking one of the
nipples between his teeth. She seemed as excited by it as he was.
As he sucked at her breast, his hand went around her hips and down
over her backside and then under her skirt and between her thighs.
His fingers felt the dampness in the gusset of her panties, and he
quickly slipped the fingers underneath the nylon to find the soft
slot of her sex. The groove was sopping, his fingers immediately
dipping inside the hole to penetrate her vagina. He heard her gasp
as he began moving the two fingers in and out of her while his lips
continued to suck at her breast. As he stirred his finger around in
the hot soup of her sex, Mildred shook her body beneath his and
groaned. "Wait, let me get my pants off!"
     He pulled his fingers out of her and helped her get her skirt
up and her panties down and off her legs. When she opened her legs
to expose her sex, he allowed himself only a moment to look at the
hairy maw, the red gaping mouth, and then an instant later he
mounted her and quickly pushed his rearing organ inside her body.
     He'd been inside girls before, but this was different, this
was like nothing he'd ever had. Hhe had one hand between her
buttocks and thighs from the rear, and now he used his fingertips
to feel the mouth of her sex stretched around the shaft of his
organ. He began pumping, his organ sliding in and out of the wet
opening, and before long he couldn't hold out any longer and he
felt himself on the verge of coming. Their mouths came together and
their tongues tangled as they reached their peaks together. His
organ spurted and jerked in her sex until the last drop of sperm
was wrenched out of him and he finally stopped moving and lay still
in her arms.
     She stroked his head and told him it was the best she'd had in
a long time. "You've taken my breath away," she said.
     As for himself, it made every other experience he'd had seem
ridiculous. He'd never felt such excitement as this with any girl
he'd ever known. He kissed and sucked her breasts again, losing
himself in the abundant flesh, his lips tugging at one of the fat
nipples as she continued to stroke his head. His testicles were
temporarily drained of sperm, but his excitement was enough to keep
his penis as stiff as ever. Mildred murmured with delight as he
started moving his rigid organ in her sex again. "Wait," she said.
"Let's do something a little different now."
     She pushed him off her body. He hated to feel his penis slip
out of her sex and into the cool air of the room. He watched her as
she pulled a wad of Kleenex out of a box on the nearby table and
held it against her sex. "Your pouring out of me," she said with a
soft laugh. "There's so much of it."  She said she'd be right back
and she left the room like that, holding the wad of Kleenex against
her slit, her breasts shaking with the movements of her body. When
she returned a few minutes later she smiled at him and sat down and
kissed him. His penis was still as rigid as ever, and when she
looked down at it he could see the heat in her eyes. Then she saw
him looking at her belly, at the triangle of auburn hair, and she
smiled again and opened her legs to exhibit herself. "I don't mind
being looked at," she said.
     So he looked.  He hadn't seen much of her sex before, but now
he studied it carefully. The lips were long and loose and gaping a
bit, and he thought maybe that was due to their recent lovemaking.
Her sex was certainly than those of the girls he'd known, mature
ripe-looking, the slit longer, the inner flesh darker.
     She finally closed her legs and pushed him back on the sofa. 
Her hands moved over body, sliding closer and closer to his
twitching penis. She crouched on her haunches as she worked her
stroking hands over the muscles of his chest and belly. When she
finally slid her hands down to his groin, she made him move his
legs wide apart. "Now it's my turn to look," she said.
     His penis was at its maximum extent, lying across his belly,
the glans flushed and bloated. She ran her fingers over it, lifted
it, studied it and then dropped it again. Then she did the same to
his testicles, lifting his scrotum with her fingers as if to feel
the weight of his balls.
     "Well, you've got everything," she said with a quiet laugh,
and the next moment he held his breath as she lowered her face to
his twitching penis and started licking it. She licked along the
shaft from his testicles up to the lower part of the crown, and
then she took the organ in both hands and raised it to get at the
very tip with her tongue. A quiver of excitement passed through him
as he watched her squeeze the slit open with her fingers and then
work the tip of her tongue partway inside it. She continued teasing
him like that, licking and tickling his penis, her tongue
fluttering at the tip of his glans and then rolling around it
repeatedly. He wriggled on the couch, his body trembling, his eyes
fixed on her lips and darting tongue. Finally she opened her mouth
and engulfed the knob completely, sucked just the glans briefly,
then pushed her head all the way down until she had the whole
length of his penis buried in her face.
     After the cursory licks, having his penis bathed in the soft
warmth of her mouth made Kevin come close to swooning with passion.
He couldn't believe how good it felt. He understood that Mildred's
licks had set him up for the pleasure her mouth was giving him now.
She was lifting and lowering her head so his penis was sliding over
the soft pad of her tongue. When the penis was sticking into the
back of her throat, she would give her head a twist so his penis
received a strange and thnlling caress. As her head lifted on the
stiff piece of meat and his penishead slid to her lips, Mildred
fluttered her tongue over the tip.
     Kevin realized that Mildred was a genius -at giving head. All
Kevin could do was thrash around and try not to pass out with the
rush of lust that was spreading from his penis and radiating
through his body. He heard his voice imitating Mildred's moans of
lust as he tried to hold off from coming so he could have a few
more seconds of bliss.
     It was no use resisting the power of her tongue, and Kevin
felt the juices start on their way through the tubes that would
send them into Mildred's mouth. His head was filled with stars as
Kevin felt his penis exploding. He heard a scream and realized it
was him. Then everything went red; all he was
aware of was the pure essence of pleasure and the gism rushing from
his penis.
     When he had shot his wad and had come back to his senses, he
felt Mildred's mouth sucking his penis clean. He couldn't move
because all his energy had been sucked from him via his penis. He
was floating, and the only thing that kept him from disappearing
altogether was his penis which was still being washed in Mildred's
mouth. Kevin felt Mildred drop his limp penis from her mouth, then
her face appeared in his view. She smiled when she saw him and
Kevin realized she was smiling at the expression on his face. He
became aware that he must look like someone who had just entered
into heaven.
     Mildred lay next to her dazed boy. She held him in her arms
until he began to get his strength back. They nibbled at each
other's mouths and ran their hands over their bodies. Kevin felt
his mom's fingers on his penis and the limp thing began stiffening.
After that last orgasm, it would take a woman like Mildred to make
his penis swell again so soon.
     They kissed and petted for a while. Kevin knew what was coming
next and he was looking forward to it. Mildred had eaten him and he
would be expected to repay in kind. Mildred had learned to suck sex
that very afternoon, and she was anxious to have her son learn.
Mildred took her lips from Kevin's, and pressed his shoulders down
slightly. That was enough of a hint for the eager student.
     Kevin began sinking down toward Mildred's more important
regions. He sucked her breasts for a
little while, but he was in too much of a hurry to linger very
long. Ever since first sticking his finger in a sex he had known he
wanted to have one of the wet envelopes in front of his face so he
could really study it. Now he would have his chance.
     His face glided over the smooth contours of Mildred's belly.
He stuck out his tongue and left a line of saliva down the middle
of her body. When his tongue hit the bristling curls, Kevin drew
back his head. There in front of him was the object he'd dreamed of
and longed for for so long. He looked at the prize.
     Getting comfortable between Mildred's legs, Kevin studied the
sex. He saw how the hair was mainly in the front and that there was
very little hair on the lips back near the entrance of her tunnel.
Mildred's twat was wet and the lips were open from the sex she'd
been engaged in for the last half-hour. Her inner lips were peeking
out at Kevin, making a little mouth for him to enter. They were
bright pink and glistening with dew.
     Kevin put his fingers on the sex and spread the lips. The
portals of joy opened and showed Kevin the splendors within. He
could see the inner lips coming together in front, and forming an
arrowhead. Within the soft, puckered skin of that point, Kevin saw
the love-bud nestled. The dark void between the inner lips seemed
to be calling to him.
     Kevin moved his face toward the pink slot. His tongue stuck
out and he tasted the feminine flavor of Mildred's juicy pie. The
taste filled Kevin with wild passion. He pressed his tongue deeper
into the
sex, then snaked it up her flowing tube. The flavor was much
stronger up there, and Kevin reveled in the perverted art of twat-
lapping.
     His body was once again on fire as he really got into the
weird practice. He covered the gash with broad, long licks. From
one corner to the other, he covered that sex with care. Mildred was
getHng hot as she felt the amateurish lapping. She was touched by
her son's eagerness to please. It didn't take long for Kevin to
have Mildred moving to the rhythm of his sex-lapping. She moved her
hips back and forth so her sex met his tongue with every swipe.
     While Kevin was licking her twat, he had an inspiration.
Moving his tongue out the back of the vertical smile, he moved it
across the inch of skin that separated her sex from her
backsidehole. Mildred saw what he was up to, and the idea thrilled
her so much that she lifted her hips and spread her legs wider so
he could have all the room he needed.
     Kevin felt her puckered backsidehole on the end ofhis tongue.
Moving the tongue-tip around the opening gave him such a surge of
lust that he couldn't help trying to enter the funky chamber. He
pressed his tongue on the target and, with Mildred's help, was able
to pierce the lipless mouth. Her backside was so much tighter than
her sex that he couldn't move his tongue around much. He stuek it
in as far as he could and wriggled it around. Judging by Mildred's
reaction, she liked having her backsidehole eaten.
     When Kevin wore the excitement out of her backside, he went
back to the larger chamber. He continued
licking randomly, but every now and then he would send his tongue
gliding over the hard clitoris. And every time he did he felt
Mildred's body quake. He came back to the love-bud more frequently
until she was in a constant tremor. Now Kevin drilled the clitoris
until Mildred was crying out in high-pitched wails ofjoy.
     Kevin gave Mildred a strong orgasm. She was proud of him, and
when she pulled him up beside her she rewarded him with a big kiss.
Mildred was happy about having her own stud-service right under her
own roof, and Kevin couldn't have been more thrilled. Finally all
his dreams had come true. His own sex was in the next room, waiting
for him whenever he felt horny. 

--
