Archive-name: Fetish/milky.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Milky


Well, this is my first endeavor at writing for the mutual 
enjoyment of the other DEN members...I hope that you all find it 
stimulating!

STOP!!!  Proper reading of this document requires that you place 
you hand on you cock or have your lover place her mouth on your 
dick.  After all, these letters are for sharing.  See if you can 
time your orgasm with the end of the story without getting the 
computer messy!

Ever since I was a mere babe I have always had an attraction to a 
fine, shapely pair of firm lactating breasts.  It must have 
started on the first day of my life and it continues to this very 
day.

My lover is a beautiful redhead that measures 36D-24-32 and is in 
the best of physical shape.  Last year we had our first child, 
Seth.  Three days after our son was born and we brought Stephanie 
home from the hospital I asked her how it felt when she nursed 
Seth...much to my surprise she said that it was quite exciting and 
that it made her pussy very hot and wet. Then she suggested that I 
should suckle her.  I couldn't believe it and my cock almost broke 
out of my shorts just thinking about it. Quickly, I went to her 
side and she bared her breasts to my eager tongue.  I just sat 
there mesmerized for a moment and then I gently licked her aureole 
and felt a tightness that I had never experienced before...as I 
began a sucking motion with my mouth the milk began to flow from 
her inch long nipples and I was in heaven!  Stephanie began to 
insert her fingers into her pussy to gather some of her sweet 
nectar which she quickly brought to my mouth too.  What a 
combination...the best milk in the world and her personal honey 
too! 

I pulled out my cock and stood up in front of Stephanies expert 
mouth...slowly she took the head into her mouth and swished her 
tongue along my meatus to draw out the clear liquid that was all 
but pouring from my 7 inch cock.  Slowly she lowered her head 
until I was deep within her throat...then ever so gently with 
another swirl of her tongue she began to mouth fuck me nibbling at 
the base of my cock and then sliding all the way up to the head 
which she sucked with all the lust I could stand.  Just as I was 
about to unleash a tremendous load of cum into her I pulled away 
and asked her to lie on her back.

Placing my pulsing dick between her breasts I began to tit fuck 
her.  The head of my dick would just enter her mouth long enough 
for a quick lick or two and then back out again.  Stephanie began 
to message her tits and  I felt that familiar feeling deep within 
my balls (readers; start your serious stroking now!). The milk 
began to flow and my dick began to slide faster and faster between 
her gorgeous globes as I was being coated by her beautiful white 
liquid. "Cum now Honey", she pleaded as I moved 
faster...faster...the sight and sound was too much for me..."I'm 
coming...I'm coming...Lick faster Steph...suck me hard... 
harder... now baby...now!!!

She drank every drop and then licked off the milk that clung to 
the sides of my now limp manhood.  To my surprise she continued to 
gently suck me and I quickly became hard for a long session of 
making love.  Before the day was over Steph and I were more 
satisfied sexually than ever before.

Ever since that day we have had many wild nights (and days) 
centered around her mothers milk...I hope she never stops my 
personal feedings.

Well, how was it?  I came again while writing and I know some of 
you did too!  I'm off to the other room for a tall glass of warm 
milk...Ta-ta...

--
