The Milk Man
by Lauren

*****

	Lisa was the type of person who hated to be late.  As she looked
at her watch it told her it was five past six...and she had a 5:30
appointment with her new dentist, Doctor Stone.  After parking her black
BMW, Lisa rushed into the nearly empty office.  Lisa was a successful real
estate broker in her late twenties with long blonde hair and dark brown
eyes that made her stand out in any crowd.  Only 5'3" tall with a tiny
waist and huge F-cup chest, she was the admiration of every man who saw 
her--and she knew it. 

	"Hello," she called from the dark and empty waiting room to the
light straming from the back.  The office seemed strange in the evening's
light. The waiting room and the receptionist's area were both empty and
dimly lit. 

	"Come in," came a voice from the back.

	Lisa's high heals clicked on the hard floor as she wandered back
into the exam room.  As she entered the room, she noticed the usual
characteristics of a dentist's office:  the over use of air conditioning
which made her feel chilled, and the strange smell of medical chemicals. 
She also noticed something different...her new dentist was very
attractive.  He was seated beside the exam chair: an array of complex
tubes, hoses, tools and knobs attached to what could easilly be a chair in
the first class section of any airline. 

	"Hi," said the man in the white coat, "I'm Dr. Stone.  You must be
Lisa Foster?"

	"Uh, yes...I'm sorry I'm so late.  You must be closed already."

	"Oh, don't worry...please, have a seat.  I was just cleaning up a
bit in case you were running a bit late."

	Lisa carefully slid up into the comfortable exam chair trying not
to look as professional as possible.  The contours of the chair wraped
arround her body as she sank into it.  Through her thin silk blouse, Lisa
could feel the cool surface of the chair on her back. 

	"Well, let's start with a few x-rays, alright?"

	Lisa smiled slightly and watched as Dr. Stone carefully lifted an
enormous, heavy lead apron which he lowered over her body.  It's weight
seemed to be much more than she remembered as she felt the gentle haviness
sink down over her entire body. 

	"Oh, this feels so heavy!  I can barely move."

	"Well, it's for your protection, Lisa...besides, it's best that you
lie very still while we're doing your x-rays anyway."

	For a moment, Lisa felt a strange uneasiness that she could not
explain to herself.  She felt herself sweatting under the heavy lead apron
in spite of the chilling cold of the room.  Through the corner of her eye,
she could see Dr. Stone doing something behind her.  She assumed he was
preparing the x-rays untill she heard a soft hissing as he slipped a gas
mask firmly over her nose. 

	"Here, Lisa...this will help you to relax," he smiled as she felt
the nose piece cup seal completely arround her nose. 

	"Doctor...I...I don't..." she tried to protest.

	The sweet smelling gas swirled past Lisa's nose and into her
lungs.  Slowly the startled look on her face changed.  Her eyes were open
three quarters and her face looked blank and relaxed.  Her tough
professional edge had been melted. 

	"That's right, Lisa....breathe deeply,"  he commanded.

	"Yes, doctor...deeply..." she replied and obediently took a deep
breath. 

	"Yes, Lisa...that's very good.  Breathe deeply and tell me how you
feel."

	"I feel funny...and sleepy." she dreamilly answered.
	
	Looking into her glassey eyes, he slowly lifted the lead apron off
of her chest.  Lisa breathed in deeply, sighing and wiggling in approval. 
Dr. Stone looked closely as her F-cup breasts rose and fell to the rhythm
of her breathing. 

	"Lisa...do you know why you're here?" he asked her with a smile. 

	"Yes..." she replied under her breath.  "I'm here for my check up."

	"That's right Lisa.  But you're also here for a very special
reason.  You are going to be my "milk maid". 

	"Yes, doctor...I am your milk maid" Lisa mumbled in obedient
drowsiness. 

	"Very good, Lisa.  Now, I am going to remove your blouse and your
bra for you.  After your breasts are treated, I will give you a special
bra.  It will feel very good on you and you will like the way it feels.  I
will use this bra to milk you...you must obey...do you understand?"

	"Yes..." Lisa replied.  "You will milk me...I will be milked...I
must obey"

	The doctor smiled in approval of her sleepy obedience as he
unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked all six hooks of her huge F-cup bra
gently.  Pausing only for a moment, he admired the form and shape of her
gigantic boobs and enormous bra, especially in contrast to her otherwise
tiny, slim body.  Her breasts were full and round with dark nipples in the
form of plump domes crowning each boob.  He rubbed the balm on his hands
and then carefully took each boob in his hands, massaging the thick cream
deeply into the soft flesh of her boobs. 

	"mmmphh..."  Lisa mumbled softly.

	"This cream will help make your breasts start making milk, Lisa...
it will also help make sure that you specail bra fits properly."

	By now, Lisa's boobs were covered in a waxy shine from the thick
lubrication.  Carefully, the doctor prepared a syrenge filled with
powerful hormones. Reaching to her right breast he carefully squeezed the
plump dome arrond her nipple and slipped the needle into her. Lisa
suddenly felt the cool fluid enter her body and flow inside her colossal
bosom.  Through her drowsiness from the gas she could barely feel a hot
tingling in each boob as milk began bubbling deep inside each breast. 

	Reaching from under the arm and leg rests of the chair, the doctor
found soft leather straps which he fitted around Lisa's tiny waist, arms
and legs, binding her completely.  Carefully, he selected a pair of thin
and flexible clear plastic cups from a cabinet full of similar cups in all
sizes.  Then, with equal care, he selected two large suction cups from and
even larger collection. 

	"Now, my milk maid...let me help you with your new bra."

	"Yes, doctor," Lisa said and obediently lifted her shoulders,
thrusting her enormous chest upward.. 

	Lifting his mezmerized patient, he strapped the cups on Lisa's
body just as if it were a normal bra.  The soft straps wrapped around her
completely. With gentle firmness, the dentist slid each of the two breast
cups over Lisa's enormous and heavy boobs until each nipple was firmly
cradled in the suction cups he had selected for them.  The custom fit cup
formed a perfect air tight seal around her full bosom.  After carfully
checking each one, the doctor attached a tube at the tip of each nipple
and started the pump attached to them.  A tiny set of soft, hair thin
brushes inside the nipple cups started to spin as the suction started. 

	"mmmmm...." the sleepy milk maid cooed.  "my milk...I can feel
it..."

	"Yes, Lisa...and soon it will flow."

	In a moment, his prediction was confirmed as thick white cream
began to squirt in time with the pumps unstopping rythm.  Lisa felt the
tips of her nipples being suckled by the soft cups covering them as each
pulsing squirt tickled her boobs from deep inside to the tips of her
nipples.  The soft, hypnotic hum of the pump made Lisa relax even more
deeply.  A warm, rythmic throbbing passed from the cups as they gently
suckled and kneeded Lisa's boobs.  She wiggled in the chair pulling
against the straps that held her there as the cups hummed steadilly over
her chest. 

	"Very good, Lisa.  You're doing very well.  Now, I will leave the
pump on for half-hour this evening.  After we're finished milking you,
I'll help you get ready to leave."

	"Yes, doctor," Lisa dreamilly replied. 

	The pump continued it's work without slowing down for 30 minutes
and then was turned off.  Lisa felt a strange numbing tingle when the now
familiar sensations stopped. 

	"Now, Lisa....after you get dressed you will not remember any of
this.  You will come in every week from now on to be milked, but you will
think that this is for a routine cleaning, alright?"

	"Yes, I must come back every week."

	"Also, Lisa...you will suggest to all of your friends that they
come in as well..."

FIN
