Copyright © 1997,     Drifter.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.




Sexually Explicit Material   -   Not Intended for Minors

     Title  The Miller Family           


     Part 1

     by the Drifter

     Those who knew the Millers, Dave and Carol and their 16 year old
twins Barry and Wendy, thought they were the epitome of family life. And
maybe they were,  you be the judge.  

     The four of them were very active in their Church.  The twins, Barry
and Wendy sang in the junior choir and Dave and Carol taught the young
adult Sunday School class. Additionally they were very good friends with
their pastor. Dan and his lovely young wife, Cindy..  Professionally Dave
was a VP for a very successful international construction company and a
volunteer for lots of good causes in town.  Carol was active in the PTA
and other good causes as well.  Because they were financially able to,
she chose to not hold down an outside job but rather to concentrate on
her home... and Dave and her children.

     On this balmy summer evening Dave and Carol were cleaning up
the kitchen together after dinner as the kids got dressed for their dates. 
Just as the folks finished in the kitchen the kids came down stairs. 

     Dave once more felt a little guilty as he noticed Wendy. She had
on a tank top that hugged her full rounded breasts nicely.  He could tell
she had no bra on and he thought perhaps he should object but then
decided not to. Her skirt was short and hugged her cute little round ass
as nicely as the tank top did her breasts.  Her tan legs were long and
trim and her small feet sported sandals.  Dave found himself envying her
date.  She was a doll.  Her bright blue eyes twinkled with a mischievous
gleam most of the time.  Her close cropped blond curly locks framed her
darling face nicely.   Her Dad's heart swelled with pride  as his eyes ran
over his sexy sweet young daughter.

      Beside her, Barry looked handsome  even in the short cut off
jeans and t-shirt he wore.  At 6' 180 pounds, Barry was half a head taller
than his cute twin sister.  Carol had frequently commented on how
handsome he was. He was the apple of her eye and while she was
proud of both of them she took special pride in her son.  A very special
pride.

     The kids gave their young looking parents a big long hug each as
they departed.  It was easy to see where the kids got their good looks. 
Their folks still caused a lot of heads to turn.  

     Dave had flipped on the TV and he was intent on a special on
teen age sex.  Carol had sat on the arm of his chair, her arm around his
back as she watched just as intently.  The moderator went on to say that
the latest poll showed that the rate of teen sex had risen to over 75%. 
That is 75% of teens over the age of 13 had had sex one or more times.
The moderator droned on about how teen attitudes seemed to be,  "It
feels so good, so why not do it."

     Carol absently mindedly rubbed Dave's neck lightly as she felt
herself  reacting to the TV program.  Strangely she was feeling turned on
by the talk of teen promiscuity.  It was getting to Dave too but at that
moment his thoughts bounced from the program to his darling sexy
daughter who had given him a semi hard on as she twisted her cute ass
out the door with her brother.

     Then Carol said, "Dave do you suppose Barry and Wendy are part
of that 75%?"

     Dave felt his cock jump in his pants and he tried to calm himself
as he replied, "I don't know hon,  I choose to think not, but truthfully I
guess I wouldn't be surprised if they were.  You know how kids are
today.  And both of them are something to look at huh?"

     Carol smiled to her self as she thought of her handsome son, then
she said, "I would bet that they were active.  I  used to find traces of wet
dreams on Barry's sheets when I changed them.  Lately that has gone
away so I assume he is leaving his deposits somewhere else.  I can only
guess it is with a little girlfriend.  The way it is I'm glad I put Wendy on
birth control."

     Dave's cock jumped again at the vivid image in his head of Barry
pumping his cock into some darling little sexpot.  Then that one was
replaced with one of Wendy spread open taking some guys cock.  He
guiltily enjoyed his fantasy when he heard Carol say softly, "Hon, all this
talk has me horny.  Let's go to bed early tonight."

     Dave turned his face to her and their lips met, their tongues teasing.. 
His hand found her full firm breast and she sighed as he stroked it and
its hard little nipple.  Then his hand dropped to the smooth skin on her
inner thigh and Carol spread her legs as his hand found her wet panties.

Shortly they were in bed, stripped and into the action they both loved so
much.  As Dave stroked  his hard cock into her warm pussy Carol
groaned and chanted, "Do me baby... yes .. oh so good..."

     If they could have seen their kids at that moment all questions
about their sexual activity would have gone away.  For at that moment
as Dave made love to his gorgeous wife,  their son was sliding his hard
cock into his sisters tight teen pussy in the back row of the drive in and
Wendy, much like her mom was chanting, "Go my sweet fucking
brother.....  fuck me ....  Oh shit I love your cock so big and hard in my
pussy...."

     After Dave finally brought Carol to her third orgasm he let go and
flooded her  with his hot spend.  Carol loved the feeling as it spurted
inside her.  She felt like she could never get enough of that marvelous
feeling of a hard cock in her, cumming in her pussy after she had
enjoyed her own orgasms.  They lay in a pile like old clothes.  When she
could Carol raised up and kissed her husband and sighed, "Wow, thank
you lover."

     Dave groaned with pleasure and replied, "Hmmm anytime
sweetheart.  I bet the kids of the world don't enjoy it any more than we
do.  You are still the best."

     That started Carol thinking of their kids again.  Kids who at that
moment had moved to the back seat of the family car at the drive in
movie,  Barry was on his back now and Wendy was sliding her hot pussy
up and down on her brothers hard cock as he had his hands full of her
big bare tits.

     Carol said, "Honey, if our kids are active sexually, do you suppose
they really enjoy it?"

     "Oh hell yes, it hasn't been that long since we were dating in High
School. Have you forgotten how I took your cherry at 15 and how much
we did it after that,  We sure loved it and so do they...  That is if they
are active."

.    "Hmm I do remember.  I loved your cock from the first time I saw and
touched it.  I loved sex and a hard cock then just as I do now but I know
a lot more ways to enjoy one now than I did then."

     "And you have enjoyed a lot more different ones since then too."

     Carol laughed with Dave and leaned over and kissed her husband
deeply and said, "Yes thanks to you.  Remember how much I resisted
you when you first tried to talk me into opening up our marriage."

     "Yeah, I thought you were going to divorce me that night when I 
suggested we mess around with that other couple. Especially since we
had already done so much like that, just not together."

     "Well the truth is I wanted to as much as you did but I was afraid.
You seemed so hurt that time in high school when I let Jimmy Phillips
fuck me. Remember I had caught you fucking his date. We were at that
party and I couldn't find you.  I finally found you fucking miss hot pants
Julie in an upstairs bedroom.  It pissed me off so much I found Jimmy
and took him out to his car and made him fuck me."

     "Yeah, I thought we were goners then but I just couldn't stay away
from you.  When I heard from the rumor mill you had fucked Jimmy  it
really shook me up.  I knew I had no room to be pissed but I was.  I still
remember when I confronted you and asked you if it was true.  You just
looked at me with your hands on your hips and said, "Well if you get to
fuck his date I thought it was only fair that I get to fuck him.."

     "That really took the wind out of my sails.  I just stood there not
knowing what to do.  Then you came over and hugged and kissed me
and said, you enjoyed Jimmy fucking you but not near as much as me.
After that I melted and knew I would always love you no matter who you
screwed."

     "Yeah but you weren't too happy when I told you I had fucked my
college professor for an A in his course.  That is until you got even with
that cute cheerleader. You really enjoyed telling me about how you
fucked her."

     Dave chuckled to himself.  "That was an interesting time.  We
both fucked around quite a bit, told the other about it, and the "offended"
party got to get even. That was a lot of fun.  Especially getting even. 
There were times I could hardly wait until you fucked some guy so I
could get even again."

     "It was fun.  There was a special thrill to know you were cheating."

     "Yeah, but making up was the best though."

     "I agree."

     Then Carol caught his half hard cock and stroked it and kissed
him.  After the kiss she said, "You better be careful the way you look at
your daughter and get hard."

     He just looked into her eyes silently.  Then she said, "Don't even
think about denying it.  You got a hard on tonight as you looked at her
sexy body.  She is hot looking isn't she."

     Dave sighed as his cock was fully hard in Carol's talented hand.
"She is sexy.  Man she reminds me so much of you at her age.  By the
time you were 16 you were an old hand at fucking."

     "Yeah and I loved every moment of it.  Do you suppose our
Wendy has had it as much as I did?"

     "Maybe?  Who knows?  I admit I have mixed feelings about that."

     Carol kissed his cock head and licked it like an ice cream cone. 
Then she looked up at Dave and smiled and said, "When you look at
Wendy do you think of her doing this?"

     Dave groaned as his wife slid her mouth down over his cock and
sucked and bobbed.  Then she stopped and looked up at him, "Do you?"

     "Yes and a lot more."

     Then she said, "Pretend I'm Wendy." And she took his cock deep
into her mouth again.

     Dave sighed and closed his eyes and said, "Oh yeah sweet Wendy,
suck my cock baby.  Oh you do that so well.  Even better than your
mom."

     Carol chocked  with laughter on his cock and bit him.   Not hard but
hard enough to let him know not to play with her when he was so
vulnerable.  Dave moaned with pleasure then as she bobbed her head
up and down rapidly fucking his cock with her mouth. He groaned and
said, "Damn baby daughter,  you are almost as good as your mom at
that."

     She started to hum then and that was too much.  Dave shot his
warm load down her open throat and Carol swallowed it to the last drop.

     At the same moment when Carol sat up grinning,  her daughter was
in a sexual frenzy as she pulled her brothers mouth harder into her well
used pussy. 

     Carol laughed and said, "Well did you learn not to be a smart
ass when I have your cock in my mouth?"

     "That was pretty fucking dumb of me.  Especially since no one
gives head as good as you babe."

     They turned the lights out and cuddled.    After a moment David
said, "I assume you fantasize as much about Barry as I do Wendy."

     Carol giggled and said softly, "Of course."

               * * * 


     The next morning Dave was sitting in the kitchen in his robe
sipping his morning coffee when Carol came in.  She kissed him and
with a big smile on her face, laid a pair of extremely brief and sheer blue 
panties in  front of him.  He looked down at them and then at her
puzzled.

     "Those are your daughter's panties.  I found them on the top of
the dirty clothes.  They are the ones she wore last night.  Look at the
crotch of them carefully."

     Dave picked them up and looked closely to find white starchy
stains all over the crotch.  He looked up at Carol smiling and said,
"Cum?"

     "Yep and a lot of it. We don't have to wonder about Wendy anymore.
Our daughter was damned active last night. Which makes me ask two
questions.  Who was she with last night and what was her brother doing
while Wendy got the shit fucked out of her?"

     "Good questions, what are you going to do?"

     "I'm going to have a talk with Wendy.  I want to make sure we don't
have to worry about AIDS."

     "Oh god, in all my horniness I hadn't even thought about that."

     "David, I would rather not say anything but it is clear she didn't have
him use a rubber.  God her pussy had to have been flooded more than
once to have these kind of stains on her panties.   I should have had this
talk earlier.  You know the one that goes, I don't care if you fuck around,
just protect yourself."

     "I think that might be a good idea but maybe you should get
another opinion.  What would you think about our talking to Pastor Dan
about this?  We are so open sexually and maybe we need a different
view before we get into it with the kids."                  


               * * *

     That night approximately thirty minutes after the twins had left for
choir practice, Carol and Dave were being escorted into the home of
their Pastor and his wife.  The four of them chatted and David once
again enjoyed looking over Cindy. She was a darling young woman.
While Dave was enjoying ogling Cindy,  Carol had a strained look on her
face as she struggled with how to broach the subject with Dan,

     After a moment Cindy said, "Well I know you have something you
want to talk to Dan about so I will disappear for a while."

     Carol spoke,  "Cindy, I would like it if you could stay.  I would like
both your opinions on our problem."

     They all settled down and Dan volunteered,  "I want to reassure
you, our friends, that what is said here is in strict confidence.  You can
feel free to talk about anything."

     Carol smiled nervously and said, "Thank you Dan, it is a little
awkward talking about sex."

     Dan looked at Dave and then back at Carol as he said, "I find it
hard to believe the two of you are having sexual problems.  You seem
so close.  Cindy and I have commented how you are always touching
and loving on each other.  You seem sexually alive and so close."

     Dave laughed and said, "No Dan it isn't about us.  I'm happy to
say we have enjoyed our sex life together ever since high school.  No it
isn't about us."

     Dan looked over at Carol and she continued, "Dan it is about
Wendy. We have reason to believe she is sexually active."

     Dan responded, "I see,  are you sure?"

     "Yes, pretty sure, we found semen all over the crotch of her
panties after her date last night."

     Dan said, "Hmmm that's pretty sure alright. I guess the next thing
I have to ask is how do you feel about that?"

     Dave spoke, "Truthfully Dan,  we are mostly worried that she
didn't have the guy use a rubber, or a condom as they call them now.
I guess what scares us is the possibility of AIDS."

     Dan replied, "So it isn't that she is having sex but only the
possibility of disease."

     Carol said, "We have talked about that.  I guess we weren't
surprised or all that bothered that she was having sex. She is on the pill.
I mean to tell you the truth Dave and I started even earlier than 16.  We
didn't have to worry about AIDS.   Anything we might have picked up
was easily cured."

     Cindy stirred nervously in her chair.  She crossed and uncrossed
her legs and David found himself looking up her short skirt at her white
thighs and flashes of black panties.  Dan noticed her movement and
asked, "Cindy if you have something to say jump in here."

     "Well it's just that Wendy knows the score about AIDS and she is
so level headed.  We have had classes about STD's in our Sunday
School.  I can't believe she just forgot in the heat of passion either. 
Could she be with someone she trusts that much?  Do you know who
she was with last night.?"

     Dave and Carol looked at each other and Dave said,  "She left the
house with her brother.  We assumed they were double dating just like
they frequently do.  I didn't ask.  You don't suppose...."

     Carol said, "Barry and Wendy...  I don't believe it.  Yet...  I've
never seen siblings as close as they are,  They never fuss or fight.  Both
of them are very considerate of the other, even affectionate."  She
looked at Dan.

     Dan spoke, "Well that is a possibility I guess.  And that would
speak to Cindy's comment about trust.  To tell you the truth it isn't all that
uncommon.   I have counseled a number of families on incest."

     Carol said, "In our church, other brother-sister incest?"

     Dan continued, "And parent child, and almost every other kind of
relatedness."

     Carol shook her head slowly and said, "What do we do Dan?"

     Dan looked at Dave and then Carol.  He turned and looked at
Cindy who nodded.  Then Dan said, "First I need to tell you two
something about how Cindy and I feel about this subject.  Sex is
certainly a natural function.  I get the feeling the two of you are pretty
open in your attitude of your kids having sex.  You expect them to.  Most
kids do have sex, some a lot of sex.  I guess our attitude is that it is
healthy and we don't try to discourage sex if it is mutual.  No force, no
abuse.  If they are old enough to think through the consequences and
are responsible then we don't put a guilt trip on them."

     Dave asked, "How do you counsel people about incest?"

     Dan looked directly at Dave and said, "The same Dave."

     Carol said, "You approve of incest?

     Dan answered, "Well not exactly approve.  It isn't my place to
approve or disapprove.  If you or Dave told me you were having sex, or
wanted to have sex with one of your kids I would ask you if you really
loved them?  Were you using them rather than it being mutual?  To me it
would be most important why and how you went about it."

     Carol smiled nervously and let out her breath and said, "Wow.  I
never dreamed.  You make sense Dan, so if Barry is fuc...  I mean
having sex with Wendy it's OK if it's mutual?"

     Dan looked over at Cindy and asked,  "Would you be comfortable
in sharing your childhood with our friends?"

     Cindy looked from one face to the other  and seeing something
she could trust she said, "My brother and I had sex first when he was 14
and I was 13.  It went on all through high school and then some.  We
dated other people but almost every night he would slip into my bedroom
where I would be eagerly awaiting him."  Laughing softly she said, "We
found the book THE JOY OF SEX and did everything from cover to
cover, several times.  I have never regretted it.  I still adore my brother
and he me.  I don't think I experienced anything but good from our
incestuous love."

     Carol smiled warmly at Cindy and said, "Dave and I found that
same book.  Some of it was pretty far out.  But we practiced until we got
it right."

     Dan smiled and touched Cindy's hand and said, "And I got the
benefit of my wife's experience.  She taught me a lot after we started
dating."

     Dave spoke, "You didn't mind that she had fuc.. been with another
guy?"

     Dan smiled and said, "A couple of things,  the two of you seem to
be more comfortable with the word fuck than the other wimpy words for
it. So are Cindy and I.  Second about Cindy being fucked by another
guy.  I don't own Cindy or her body.  I knew when we dated that Cindy
had been with other men.  I wasn't a virgin by any means but I really got
the benefit of her knowledge and experience on sex.  I still do.   She
chooses to be with me now.  I'm glad of that but if she chose to be with
someone else it would not bother me."

     Every one sat silent for a long pause at that.  Dave and Carol 
wondering if they had heard right.then Carol changed the subject and
said, "I first had in mind talking to Wendy and saying to her that I wasn't
upset that she was having sex but I was worried about AIDS."

     Dan said, "That might be a good talk to have.  It would let her
know she didn't have to feel guilty about the sex.  You could reinforce
what she knows about SCD's. It should bring you closer."

     The room was tense.  Then Dave said, "Dan did I understand you
right.  If Cindy wanted to be with someone, another man than you,  now,
it would be OK with you?"

     Dan smiled at Cindy lovingly and then he said, "Dave and Carol, 
Cindy and I have felt drawn to the two of you ever since we met.  Maybe
our ideas are to far out for you but we trust you to accept us for who we
are.  Our marriage is open.  Either of us is permitted by the other to
have sex outside our marriage, to fuck who ever we wish.  I hope it
doesn't shock you but that is how we feel and we think you may feel the
same way.  Cindy has a sixth sense about that.  So far she has never
been wrong.

     Our openness came about mainly because women seem to want
to hit on their Pastor.  Every church we went to was the same. I always
talked to Cindy about it and then one day she suggested I go ahead if I
wanted to.  The Bishop and several of the men in the church had been
hitting on Cindy so we mutually decided to let it happen.  We both
enjoyed the extra sex a lot.  Now if we see someone we feel attracted to
we try to let them know.... like now."

     Carol sighed, "Oh my..."

     Dave smiled broadly and said, "OK friends, you have been honest
so I guess we can do the same.  Cindy has a good sense of us.  We
both are really into sex and have shared each other with others since
high school. We stopped having sex with others when the kids started
getting older.  Not cause we didn't still enjoy it but we were concerned
when the kids were young.  But now..."

     Cindy smiled and said softly, "I knew it.  I'm so glad."

     Then Dan said, "We find the two of you terribly attractive and
would love to get to know you a lot better.  Do you think of us in the
same way?"

     Dave looked at Carol and she just nodded.  Then Dave said, "We
feel the same Dan, Cindy.  Perhaps we could go to dinner some night
soon.  I recall you said you had appointments after us tonight.  That's too
bad.  But are you two free tomorrow night?"

     Dan checked their calendar and smiled, "We are."

     Dave continued,  "Then we will pick you guys up say at 6
tomorrow.  We can have a nice dinner somewhere and then ..."

     They heard an outer door close as someone entered the next
room.  Everyone stood up and Dave was delighted when Cindy walked
up to him and boldly slid her arms around his neck and kissed him
deeply.  Carol had been watching and then felt herself pulled into Dan's
arms for the same thing.  It was some time before the kisses broke and
then still holding Carol in his arms, Dan looked at David who still held
Cindy close and said, "I have more to say to you two about Barry and
Wendy and you.  You may want to hold your talk with Wendy until after
tomorrow night."

               * * *

     There was silence as they drove toward their home.  Finally David
said, "Man, I never would have dreamed...."

     "Me too sweet.  I still feel like it was a dream.  I gather you are
eager to know Cindy in the biblical sense."

     "Hmmm yes.   And you, does Dan make you hot?"

     "Very...."

     Another long pause and Carol said, "Do you think Barry is fucking
Wendy?"

     "Could be.... I sure couldn't blame him....."

     "And I couldn't blame Wendy....  what are we going to do?"

     "Nothing I think until after tomorrow night.  Dan seemed to have
more to say.  Let's hear him out first."

     Carol chuckled, "And a lot more...."

               * * *

     When they got home Barry and Wendy had just walked into the
house.  They talked about school and church and they told the kids they
had met with Dan and Cindy on some business that night. And were
going to have dinner in Casper (an hour away) with them the next night
and maybe take in a movie.  It would be late when they got home. Then
Carol asked the two of them what they had done after choir practice.  

     Wendy said, "We just drove around and talked for a while."

     Dave asked, "No dates tonight?"

     The answer was no.  Then Wendy went up to shower and get
ready for bed.  Barry followed her shortly and soon they were settled in
their bedrooms.  Dave and Carol locked up and followed them   Dave
went into the bedroom and Carol turned and headed the other way down
the hall.  Soon she was back and in her hands was a small bit of cloth. 
She held it up and it was Wendy's panties from that day and the crotch
was soaked and covered with still wet cum.  Carol ran her finger through
it and tasted it.

She looked at Dave and smiled. "Fresh cum from our sweet daughters
little cunt, courtesy of her handsome brother.... Well I guess we don't
have to worry about AIDS, maybe incest does have it's advantages."

     Their sex was the best that night.  Had they been able to ask
Barry and Wendy they would have said theirs was too.  Barry had fucked
his sister repeatedly in the choir loft.
     
      * * *

     The next morning David hung around until after the kids were
gone to school.  Sitting with a fresh cup of coffee Carol said,

     "We have a lot to talk about."

     "Do you suppose Wendy and Barry get it on almost every night
like Cindy said she and her brother did?"

     "Looks that way my husband.  I am pleased for them.  Isn't that
weird but I am.  I lay there for a long time last night thinking about them
and I'm glad they have each other."

     "I think I feel the same way Carol.  So what do we do, get them a
bigger bed and say have at it kids... oh and can your mom and I watch?"

     Carol laughed then said, "Lets wait until we hear what Dan has to
say on the subject."

               * * *

     At six Dave drove their Lincoln town car up to the parsonage.
Dave and Carol had dressed casual.  Slacks and polo shirt for Dave, a
short mini skirt and a low cut blouse, no bra no panties for Carol. Dave
started to get out go to the door to get them when they came out.  Dan
was dressed like Dave and Cindy had on a mini smaller than Carols and
a tight peasant blouse.  The way her breasts moved as she walked it
was clear she had not worn a bra either.

     Carol whistled and said, "I think they are as ready as we are."

     Dan opened the door and they stepped in.  Dave pulled away and
mentioned the plan to drive to Casper.  Dan and Cindy approved.  Then
Carol asked, "When do you two need to get back?"

     Cindy smiled and said, "How does by tomorrow morning sound to
you guys?"

     Carol spoke, "Wonderful Cindy,  I think we can stay busy until
then."

     Dave was on the highway to Casper when Cindy spoke again.
"Would you guys object if I sat in front with Dave and Carol back here
with Dan.  I think it would be nice."

     Dave pulled to the side of the road immediately.  When he had
the car back up to speed Cindy was sitting over beside him.  She was
sitting half facing him, her arm on his shoulder.  She said, "We have
been talking about tonight all day.  We are both so eager to know you
guys in every way."

     Dave dropped his hand on her bare knee.  She put her hand on
top of his and squeezed it lovingly and pulled it higher on her bare thigh
as Dave said, "Us too Cindy.  You really surprised us last night.  We
talked late into the night about how great it would be to know you two."

     Dan laughed,  "Is that know in the biblical sense?"

     Carol added, "It sure better be.  I haven't been this horny in a long
time."

     Then Cindy said, "No fair until we finish dinner.  If Dave has to
drive and I have to wait so do you guys back there."

     They got reluctant agreement. And Dan slid his arm around Carol
and kissed her as he cupped her full breast.  Carol's hand found his hard
cock through his pants and slowly stroked it.  She was pleased with its
size and hardness and was eager for dinner to be over.  She knew Dave
had made a reservation at a nice motel on the edge of Casper.  It was
just across the street from where they were going to dine.

     Cindy leaned over and kissed Dave's ear  with a lot of tongue and
said, "My husband just kissed your wife,  He has her lovely breast out of
her blouse in his hand.  She is stroking his hard cock through his pants."

     Dave shivered and felt Cindy's hand on his hard cock.  She too
was pleased with what she found.  She whispered in his ear as she
squeezed his cock, "Hmmm  honey, I want this.  I want to suck it and
fuck it so bad.   I want you to eat my pussy till I scream."

     David spoke up and said, "Would anyone mind if we checked into
the motel first and went to dinner a little later?"

     Dan said "Good idea Dave." 

     Cindy giggled and said, "Carol can't speak right now. Her mouth is
full of cock."

               * * *

     The four of them moved into the large room, two king sized beds
and all the trappings.  No one cared for anything but the beds and their
clothes flew and quickly each new-formed  couple was on a bed fucking
their heads off.  Everyone was so eager it didn't take long until all four of
them were temporarily sated.  They sat on their respective beds nude
and looked at each other and laughed.  Glad to be together.

     Carol said,   "Now I'm hungry.  Lets go to dinner and then hurry
back.  I have lots of ideas."

     They cleaned up as necessary and dressed.  They looked like two
nice couples, just out for a quiet dinner when they were seated.  The
waiter brought drinks, took their order and then left.  Cindy said she had
to go to the ladies room and Carol went with her.

     As they entered the ladies room Cindy saw they were alone and
said, "I loved your husband's cock.  He is very good with it."

     Carol grinned and said, "May I return the complement.  Dan made
me cum so hard.  I love a new cock ....  or tongue."

     Cindy looked at her and moved closer.  She placed her hands on
Carol's waist and asked, "Have you ever felt a woman's tongue?"

     Carol delighted, cupped Cindy's large braless breasts in her hands
as their lips met briefly. Then Carol said "Oh yes sweet Cindy,  and I'm
eager to feel yours in my pussy."

     Cindy's hands dropped under Carols short skirt onto her bare
pussy.  Her finger slipped into Carol's cunt still wet with Dan's cum. 
Carol gasped and sighed saying, "And I thought you were so shy baby.  I
have lusted after you since you guys got here but I never thought the
Pastor's wife would..."

     Cindy laughed and said, "Oh believe it, the Pastor's wife does
every chance she gets."

     They kissed again as their hands roamed.  Sadly they broke and
took care of other things and headed back to the table with promises for
later.  They held hands as they walked back.

     As they sat down Dave said, "I just told Dan about our latest
evidence that Barry and his sister are fucking each other."

     Cindy looked at Dan and smiled strangely and said, "You have to
tell them. I think they will be glad."

     Everyone looked at Dan and she said, "OK, first I can confirm that
your son and daughter have been fucking each other like rabbits for
about six months.  They came to me about a week after it first started, 
They really love each other but were afraid it might hurt the other one
somehow,  in spite of how much they both loved the sex.  We talked for
a long time that day.   I had Cindy come in, with their approval, and she
told them about she and her brother.  They were thrilled and had a
million questions which we answered.  Then I hit them with the hardest
question in incest.  I asked them how they would feel if the other decided
he or she wanted to have sex with someone else.

     They looked at each other and thought about it.  Dave was the
first to speak,  "I love Wendy a lot.  But I know someday she will want
someone else... even get married.  I know I will have to give her up then
if that is what she wants."

     That was when Cindy spoke up again and told them she still
enjoyed sex with her brother frequently when he visited.  They looked at
me in shock and were surprised when I just smiled and nodded.

     I told them the question was what if they just wanted to fuck
someone else.  Would the other one be OK with it?  Again Barry spoke
first.  "I think that would be OK.  I would love to watch Wendy get it.."  

     Wendy laughed, "You lousy voyeur,  but that would be fun. 
Maybe we could double date and do it."

     Wendy sounded eager to start swinging right away. I slowed her
down and reminded her how to protect herself in a lot of ways.  That
they had to be very careful in who they chose to play with.  Then to my
surprise Wendy smiled at me and said, "If Cindy still fucks her brother,
do you do it with anyone else? Does Cindy do it with anyone else?"

     I told her we both did occasionally, with special people. Well Dave
and Carol, I think you know where this led,  we ended up in bed with
your kids, we fucked Barry and Wendy that day and have several times
since then.

     Carol and Dave both sat there with their mouths hanging open. 
They sure hadn't expected this.  Then Dan broke their silence , "I have
one other piece of data for you.  They would welcome the two of you in
their beds.  And we can guarantee you would love it from personal
experience."

     The waiter arrived with the food and everyone began to eat
silently.  Looking up at the others occasionally with a smile on their
faces.   Several minutes passed with regular glances. Then David said, 

     "I am stunned.  And pleased.  I want to than you Dan and Cindy
for sharing all of this, sharing with our kids, with us.  It is a lot to take in
in so short of a time."

     Carol looked at Cindy and said, "Was he good?"

     Cindy smiled and said "Yes, so good. you will love your son in a
new way from now on."

     Dan spoke up, "And you too Dave.  Wendy is very enthusiastic. 
She damn near killed me the last time we were all together."

     Dave shook Dan's hand across the table and leaned over and
kissed Cindy deeply.  The kiss went on but Dan and Carol were too busy
doing the same to notice.  When they all sat back Carol said, "Can we
get out of here.  I need it again."

     The bill was paid quickly and they walked, arms around their new
partners,  back to the room.  They fucked and talked and watched the
others fuck.  They sucked and ate pussy. The girls joined together in a
delightful demonstration of what two ladies could do to please each
other.  A couple of hours passed and then as they rested Carol said,
"Are there other couples you guys know?  Other teens?"

     Cindy answered, "Yes to both.  We try to teach how to love fully
every chance we get with the teens.  A lot of young couples come to us.
Some before and some after they try sex.   We also have several adult
couples we are close with as well."

     Dave said, "I'm envious Dan.  Some of the teens in our church
besides Wendy stir me up a lot."

     Dan replied, "I know the ones you mean.  Most of those delicious
ones have come to see me. Some are subtle and some just come out
and say they want me to fuck them.  I try to never disappoint them."

 .   Carol asked, "Cindy do you do the same?"

     "Oh yes,  I can be amazingly understanding and helpful to a
handsome young man."

     Dave asked, "How do the two of you have time to eat?"

     Dan laughed and said, "It is spread out a lot.  We get together
with our adult group once a month.  We have an occasional night like
tonight and we limit our contact with the teens to once or twice a week. It
is all in the schedule.  Then we have all of our normal duties to the
members."

     Carol laughed, "I should be so busy."

     Cindy said, "You can be,  we could use help with a lot of the
teens.  And we would love to have you join our monthly group.  And
don't forget you have Barry and Wendy in the wings."

     Carol smiled bigger and said, "Oh yeah.  As soon as we settle
things with our sweet kids I think I would like to help you Cindy.  I don't
know when Dave would find time with work but I bet he would try.  And
count us in for the party."

     Once more they turned their attention to their newest bed partner
and enjoyed the next hour.  Later they showered and slowly, reluctantly
dressed to leave.  Dan kissed Carol again and said, "This was great
tonight guys, could the two of you get away with us like this
occasionally?"

     Carol and Dave said in unison, "Oh yes."  then Carol said, 
"Anytime.  Just let us know."

     Dan spoke, "Understand, you are the only ones who know about
the teens and us.  We need your help there. Specially with the randy
males Carol.  But Dave there are some choice plums available for you
too.  Sometimes I can't handle them all.  Most of them want repeat
attention.  Interested?"

     "I am Dan, call me.  Would that include Bonnie Downs?"

     "Good eye Dave, yes she is an eager student.  She just asked me
last week if all men fucked the same? Want to help her with that
question?"

     "Oh yes Dan I would love to.  Just call me."

               * * *

     In the car they cuddled and fondled each other's spouses but
nothing more.  As they parked at the parsonage Dan and Cindy got out. 
Then Dan bent over and said to them, "Your kids are waiting for you. 
They knew I was going to tell you guys everything tonight.  I told them I
would call to warn them if you were pissed.  I also told them to be ready
to fuck you guys if I didn't call."  Everyone just smiled and waved good
night.

          * * *

     As they approached their house Carol said, "I only thought I was
through with sex tonight. I can hardly wait."

     Dave sighed, "Oh god me too."

          * * *

     They unlocked their front door and noticed all the lights were out. 
They walked in and saw a faint light from upstairs, their bedroom.  Dave
closed the door behind them louder than necessary to let the kids know
they were home.  Then he called.   "Hey kids,  we're home.  Anyone
up?"

     They heard Wendy giggle and then Barry said, "We're up here
Mom and Dad.  Did you have a good evening?"

     Carol smiled and the two of them started up the stairs as she
replied, "We had a fantastic evening, but I think the best is yet to come."

     the end for now

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There......