                        Miranda's Birthday Surprise


        It was her birthday.  She had left her lover a few weeks back,
not having found anyone new to date.  And that was what she really
wanted, a date.  "I need a man," she would say all of a sudden.  Yet,
she would always concede that what she wanted most was someone to take
her out.  I told her I would be her date for the night.
        We had agreed to hop from club to club, on the prowl, so to
speak.  I didn't want to leave my boyfriend at home, but she didn't want
to watch us together all night, reminding her of how long it had been
since she'd had sex.  So, I decided that he would take us wherever we
wanted to go, but leave us alone otherwise.
        I came home from work, called her as soon as I got in.
        "Hey, sorry, I'm running late.  I'll pick you up.  Okay, see ya
in about an hour."
        Tyler was on his way out the door.  He told me he'd be back in
time to leave and kissed me on the head.  I heard the door close behind
him.
        I peeled off my stale clothes and grabbed a towel.  The hot
water felt so good I wanted to stay there forever.  But, I was in a
hurry, so I washed my hair quickly and got out.  I opted for a long
black gauze skirt, long black tank top, and sling-backs.  Under it all,
black lace bra and panties, and real stockings with true black satin
garters holding each one up on my thigh.
        I was just doing last minute touch-ups when Tyler returned.
        "Hey!" I said when I heard the door.  "We have to hurry!" Then I
stepped into the living room and saw.
        Tyler stood there, watching my face, wearing a black suit with a
white shirt and thin black tie.  On his head, a chauffeur's hat.  I
started laughing.  He took me by the hand, told me my car was waiting.
He led me to the driveway, where I was shocked to find a black limousine
parked and waiting.  Tyler opened a rear door for me and helped me slide
into the back seat.  He closed my door, got in the driver's seat, and we
were off.
        We pulled up to Miranda's house, and Tyler went to get her.  The
windows were tinted very dark, and the cloudy night made it difficult to
see them coming.  The other car door was opened, allowing Miranda to
slide in next to me.
        "Man, this is so cool!" she giggled as Tyler started the car
again.  "Did you know?"  Her eyes sparkled.
        "No," I said, "this was all his surprise.  Happy Birthday!"  I
hugged her.  "God, you look great!"  She wore a strapless black dress
and black clogs.  Her short, dark brown hair was full and stylishly
touseled.  Her dark tan made her smile seem that much brighter.  She
shimmered from head to toe.
        We rode for a while, chatting about nothing.  Suddenly, we
realized the car was stopping.  Tyler let us out and ushered us into the
club.  I heard thunder rumble in the distance as the heavy oak doors
closed behind us.  Miranda and I pushed our way through the crowd,
finding a table just as a waitress was leaving from cleaning it.  We
squealed as we hopped up on the stools.
        We were waiting to order drinks when the waitress we had seen
earlier returned.  She had a bottle of champagne and two glasses on a
tray.
        "Compliments of a friend," she smiled.  I looked around for
Tyler, while the waitress poured the first glasses.  I finally spotted
him across the dancefloor, smoking a cigarette and talking to the
bartender, his back turned to us.  I saw his reflection in the mirror
over the bar.  He smiled all of a sudden, and his reflection tipped its
hat in our direction.
        When the bottle was about half empty, I grabbed Miranda by the
hand.
        "Let's dance!"
        I led her to the dancefloor.  Almost immediately, two clean cut,
jean-clad guys started dancing at us.  We looked at each other,
shrugged, and started grinding away with them.  There really wasn't any
physical contact, but the four of us were together for a long time.
They introduced themselves as Dan, with Miranda, and Eric, with me.  The
music slowed considerably, and the guys started moving closer to us,
trying to put their arms around our waists.
        Miranda and I looked at each other and shook our heads.  As we
turned to head back to the table, Eric grabbed my wrist and slurred,
"Whatsa matter, baby?  We're just startin' 'a have fun!"
        I looked again at Miranda, who was looking back and forth
between Dan and Eric.  She slipped her arm around my waist and smiled.
        "But you see," she breathed at them, "we started having fun
hours ago."  She feigned a nibble at my ear.
        I giggled, "That's right.  We always have fun together."  I
started flicking my tongue at Miranda.  She did the same at me.
Suddenly, our tongues touched, lightly at first, then again.  I moved my
head just a little closer to her.  I flicked my tongue at her again, my
hips moving slowly in time to the music.  I swirled my tongue around
hers , and she caught it in her teeth.  She sucked on my tongue, pulling
it into her mouth, shifting to face me without stopping her hip
gyrations.  I suddenly realized we were kissing right there on the
dancefloor!
        I stopped and looked at Dan and Eric.  They just stood there
staring at us.  Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Tyler moving toward
the door.  I grabbed Miranda's hand and pulled her that way.
        "Let's get out of here!" I whispered.  We ran out of the club
giggling, leaving Dan and Eric staring, open-mouthed.
        Tyler had the limo doors open and waiting for us when we reached
the car.  Miranda and I tumbled, giddy, across the seat.  I saw a flash
of distant lightning as Tyler closed the door.  We were still giggling
when I noticed an open bottle of champagne in the limo ice bucket.
Miranda saw it, too.
        "Right on!" she said, reaching for the bottle.  "Glasses?"
        I shook my head.  "Just drink it out of the bottle."  I took the
bottle from her and took a swig.  Oh, it tasted so good and cold!
        Miranda reached down to take her shoes off.  Fighting with her
dress and the shoes, she said, "Pour some in my mouth!"  She tilted her
head back, still leaning to the side.  I poured the bubbly liquid onto
her tongue.  A few drops fell out and slid down her chin.
        "Ack!" she squealed, grabbing the bottle from me.  "Open up!"
I laughed, tilting my head back for her to pour the champagne in my
mouth.  She poured too much, and it spilled out of my mouth, down my
chin, and onto my chest.
        "Oh, god!" she said.  "I am so sorry!  Let me help!"  She took
the end of her dress and pulled it up to blot my face.  By this time it
had gotten all over my tank top.  I was soaked.  I took the bottle back,
put my thumb over the end, and started shaking it.
        "You bitch!" she squealed, but not soon enough. I sprayed the
foam all over her and the limo.  She reached in the ice bucket, got an
icecube, and tossed it down my shirt.  Laughing, I drank some of the
champagne, then told her to lean her head back.
        She leaned against the seat, her arm on mine, and tilted her
head for me to pour the champagne down her throat.  I leaned over her
and poured.  It went into her mouth, and she moaned lightly, swallowing.
Then, I sat up, straddled her lap, kicking my shoes off on the way, and
poured it onto her chin and neck.  Miranda opened her eyes and looked at
me, smiling, still leaning on the seat.  She put her hand lightly on my
thigh.  I kissed her chin, licking the sticking alcohol.  She moaned
again.  I heard the thunder again.
        I stuck out my tongue and ran it down her neck, flicking in and
out, making little circles on her skin.  I sucked on the hollow of her
neck, and she began rubbing my thigh lightly through my skirt.  I came
back up toward her face, tentatively kissed her.  She stuck out her
tongue, darting it betwenn my lips.  We started really frenching each
other.
        She pushed me off of her, back onto the seat, and hit the
intercom button.  "Tyler, take us somewhere secluded, maybe near the
lake."  He said he would, and Miranda turned to me.
        We started kissing again, sucking on each others tongues,
breathing each other's breath.  I put my arm around her, began rubbing
the small of her back.  She reached with a beautiful hand and cupped my
breast, rubbing my nipples through my shirt and bra.  I found the zipper
of her dress with my fingers and unzipped it.  The dress fell around her
waist, and I saw she wore a beautiful black lace corset that accentuated
her full tits.  I was starting to get really wet thinking about her.
        Together we pulled off my shirt, then my skirt, then the rest of
her dress.  There we were, both in black lace underwear, eyeing each
other, and the car was getting hot.  I opened the moon roof.
        "Stand up,"  I said.  She looked at me funny, but stood up,
sticking her head out the moon roof.  I knew it would just look like a
woman in a strapless dress if anyone happened to drive by us.  But the
road around the lake was deserted.  I undid her stockings, removed her
panties, and attached the stockings to the garter belt again.  I ran my
hand up and down her legs, around her ass, squeezing the cheeks in my
palm.
        I placed my hand on the inside of her thigh, applying just
enough pressure that she parted them.  I slid forward, her feet on
either side of me, and kissed her mound.  I could smell her already, and
it made me even wetter. I kissed her outer lips lightly, pulling on her
pubic hair with my lips.  I kissed farther along that outer slit until I
could kiss no further.  I stuck my tongue between those lips and start
licking her clit.  She pushed her pussy forward, her ass under, so I
could get a better taste of her.  I kneaded her ass with my hands,
licking circles around her engorged clit, tasting her salty goodness.  I
stopped, slid from beneath her.
        Miranda looked down in time to see me taking off my panties, and
standing up beside her.  I looked around , and there were no other cars
to be seen.  I kissed Miranda again, sliding my thigh between hers.  She
did the same, and we were tonguing each others mouths and rubbing our
pussies on each others' thighs.
        "God, you are wet!" she said, eyes wide.
        "Me?" I laughed.  "What about you?"  I moved myleg away from her
and dropped my hand between us.  I put two fingers in her dripping cunt;
they slid in easily.  "See how wet you are?"
        Miranda moaned.  "No, I don't see." She grabbed my wrist, pulled
my fingers from her pussy, and put them in her mouth.  She swirled her
tongue around my fingers, tasting her own salty juices, sucking for all
it was worth.  When she had cleaned my hand completely, she put my
fingers back on her mound.  I started rubbing her clit, sliding my
finger just barely into her hole when I needed more lubrication.
        "Don't stop," she whispered.  She picked her leg up, brought it
over my arm, turning herself to face the other way.  She leaned back
into the car, her cunt muscles squeezing my fingers to tell me not to
quit fucking her, and hit the intercom button again.  "Tyler, would you
please find somewhere for us to pull over?"  She didn't wait for an
answer, just stayed bent over, pressing her ass into my mound, moving in
circles.
        I slowly pulled my fingers out of her and got back in the car.
I looked up, watching the moon roof close, and saw the lightning again
in the distance.  The car turned onto a side, dirt road.  We slowed to a
stop.  Tyler got out of the driver's seat and opened our door.  My legs
were shaking as I got out, Miranda coming behind me.
        "Here's your secluded spot, ladies."  Tyler's eyes sparkled, and
he grinned evilly at us as Miranda took me by the hand, leading me to
the rear of the car.  "Will there be anything else?" he asked.
        "Um," I thought for a moment, "just keep an eye out for other
cars?"
        "Will do!"  Tyler bowed to us as he began walking past, to go
just a little farther back the way we had driven in.  Miranda took his
hat before he got away and put it on her head.  She was a sight in black
corset and stockings and that chauffeur's hat!  God, I just wanted to
fuck her!
        Miranda hopped onto the trunk, starting at the feeling of cold
metal on her bare ass.  I giggled and leaned on her knees, facing her
between her legs.  She leaned her face toward me, and I met her lips
with mine.
        I felt her hands on my back, feeling my skin, making goose bumps
pop up all over my body.  She unhooked my bra, moving it to the roof of
the car.  My nipples sprang to life, stiffened more as she pulled on
them, then cupped my whole tit in her hand.  I undid the hooks on her
corset, tossing it to lay with my bra.  She now only had on her garter
belt and stockings, whereas I only wore stockings with the garters on
each thigh.
        I wrapped my lips around her stiff nipple, biting it lightly,
pinching the other with my hand.  I placed my fingers back in her
sopping cunt, finger fucking her again.  I pulled out my fingers, slid
my arms around her thighs, and pulled her forward on the trunk.  Her ass
was hanging off the edge of the car.  I squatted in front of her,
smelling her pussy juices, knowing how wet she already was.
        I dove in.  I flicked my tongue in circles around her clit,
licked in long, broad strokes all the way down to her hole.  I pushed my
tongue in her pussy like a tiny dick, fucking her in and out, over and
over, as hard and fast as I could.  She started rocking back and forth
on the car, running her fingers through my hair, squeezing her tits
together with her arms.
        "Oh, yeah!" she moaned.  "Mmmm, uh-huh, suck my pussy!  Suck my
clit!"  I obliged.  I puckered my lips so they fit just right over her
clit and started sucking her off.  She rocked harder, slid forward, and
spread her legs just a little further.  I reached up and put my fingers
back in her pussy.  She started screaming that she was going to come.
        Miranda pulled on my hair, pressing her pussy into my face so
hard I thought I might suffocate.  But I just kept on licking her,
fingering her, urging her to come on my face.  All of a sudden she
leaned back, legs spread wide, my hair in her hands, and arched her
back.  For a moment, all time stopped.  She just kept coming and coming.
And I just kept licking her delisciuos pussy juices.  When she finally
relaxed her hold on my hair, I looked up at her.
        Her face was glowing, a dreamy smile on her face, her eyes
closed.  I kissed her breasts lightly, layed my head on her chest.  She
wrapped her arms around me and rubbed my back.
        She slid off the trunk and turned to face me.  We kissed again.
        "Now, it's your turn."  She patted her hand on the trunk for me
to sit there.  I hopped up, situated my ass in the warm spot she had
made.
        Miranda began pinching and pulling my nipples, looking into my
eyes the whole time.  Then she dropped down and looked at my pussy.
        "It's so beautiful," she said almost to herself.  I looked down
at the top of her head, and I saw Tyler about fifty yards away.  He was
smoking a cigarette, standing so he could watch for cars and watch us.
I smiled.
        I felt her tongue on my slit, pushing the lips back to tease my
clit.  I moved my ass forward and leaned back on the rear windshield,
the cold glass pressing into my naked back.  Miranda licked from my
asshole to just below my clit, then all around it, without ever touching
it.
        "Play with your tits," she whispered.  "I want to see you lick
your nipples."  I grabbed a breast in each hand, pulling on the nipples
and rolling them between my thumb and forefinger.  I lifted first one,
then the other, to my mouth and licked.  Miranda was still tonguing my
slit, watching me.  I looked at Tyler, who had now moved closer.
        "Don't stop," I said, "but stand up and start fingering
yourself.  Tyler's watching us."  Miranda did it, without ever missing a
lick.
        I was pulling on my nipples, they were hard as rocks by now.
And I was rocking back and forth, moaning to myself.  Miranda kept
sucking my pussy, then put two fingers in me, fucking me slowly.  I
saw Tyler moving just a little closer, pulling on his crotch through his
pants.  Suddenly, I felt a raindrop on my face.  Then another, then
another.
        I started rocking harder, sucking my tits again, pulling them
out by the nipples.  Miranda was urging me on, biting that spot between
my inner thigh and my cunt.  It started pouring.  Suddenly, she stopped.
I looked to see what was happening.
        Tyler had come closer, his pants unzipped, and his cock in his
hand.  He was pumping furiously on his meat watching us.  He would pull
on his prick really hard, then slowly drag his hand down his shaft to
the base, pressing his thumb into the head.  I leaned forward watching
him watching us make love in the rain.
        'Fuck her,' I mouthed.  Tyler did.  He moved her hand, and
thrust his hard dick into her pussy.  Miranda strted fucking me harder
with her hand, and I pinched my nipples so hard I thought they would
bruise instantly.
        "I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come!" I screamed.  I
grabbed her head and shoved it against my crotch, watching my boyfriend
pump in and out of my best friend in the rain.  Miranda started bucking
furiously.  Tyler pumped harder.  I screamed as Miranda sucked my clit
as hard as she could.  All three of us were huffing and puffing, only
the sound of the pouring summer rain muffling our cries.  Tyler shot his
load into her, and I finally managed to push her face away from my
pussy.
        We dressed in the car on the way back to her house.
        "I had a great time," she said as we pulled into her driveway.
        "Here," I said, "I want you to have something.  I pulled off one
of my black satin garters and put it in her hand.  It was still wet. "
So you don't forget."
        Tyler opened Miranda's door to let her out.  "I won't forget,"
she said.  She kissed me lightly on the mouth and squeezed my hand.
"I'll talk to you tomorrow."  She kissed Tyler on the cheek and ran
inside.
        On the drive home, Tyler called back on the intercom.  "Is there
anything else you might like to do before we return the limo in the
morning?"
        Well, there was, and, we did.  But that is another story for
another time.  Tyler did get my other garter, though, and Miranda had a
great birthday.  The best part of all is that I got to wish my best
friend a 'Happy Birthday' in the best way possible.

                          ------ THE END ------
