MIRRORS
     by Astral6666@aol.com

... I place my order with the waiter and he leaves my table.  I look across
the room and you are just finishing ordering, but your eyes are not on the
waiter, they're looking directly at me ... we are each seated alone at a
table, about 15 feet away.  Your eyes are sexy and sultry and very inviting.
You smile, your lips smooth and fluid with the movement, and squirm slightly
in your seat ... You are wearing a simple yet deliciously soft-looking blouse
and a skirt, and your movement in the seat draws my attention downward ... I
realize I can look directly beneath your table to see the long expanse of
your legs, bare and slim and firm, ending where the skirt covers your thigh.
You move again and your skirt rides up, only a little, showing a
tantalizingly small amount of your smooth upper thigh.  You spread your legs
slightly and I'm nearly hypnotized as the shadow formed by your skirt hides
the area between your legs.  I can see both thighs disappearing into that
shadow and I unconsciously lick my lips as I gaze there harder, hoping ... I
finally tear my eyes away and look back up -- and you are staring intently at
the area below my table!  I watch as you stare, your fingers toying with your
blond hair, your breasts rising and falling as your breathing seems to
quicken.  You suddenly look up at me, directly into my eyes, and you're no
longer smiling sweetly; now you have a look of pure lust, of desire and need,
and I feel my cock grow firm and sensitive against my pants.  You glance
below my table and back up again, your eyes smouldering, and, amazingly, you
let your hand slip down from your hair to the top of your blouse.  You
quickly yet nonchalantly unbutton the top two buttons, your fingers flipping
open the neckline to show the swell of your breasts, then sliding quickly
inside to rub the nipple on your right breast, making it firm and hard
beneath the soft silk.  Your hand is back at your hair in a flash and I would
be unsure it had moved at all except for the luscious view of your cleavage
and the smooth silk outline of your rigid nipple.  My cock is straining now
and I want badly to free it or rub it ... Your eyes are still locked beneath
my table and a movement of your legs draws mine to beneath yours.  Your legs
have spread further, your skirt sliding higher, and I can almost see the very
tops of your thighs.  Your hand suddenly appears in my vision, your fingers
caressing the inside of your left leg, rubbing slowly back and forth, down
your leg and up, each time rising higher on your thigh.  With barely a
movement you slide forward on your seat, your skirt pulled tight across the
tops of your thighs, the area between your legs now fully exposed.  My view
now unrestricted I can see the soft blond down of your pussy, pink swollen
lips protruding, glistening with excitement.  Your fingers continue to trace
their path, higher each time, now sliding into the crack where your thigh
joins your body, just brushing the edge of your hair.  You shudder and I find
myself reaching below my table, rubbing very lightly through the material of
my pants ... I look up at your face, your mouth open slightly, your tongue
sliding side to side between your teeth, darting out occasionally to moisten
your full lips. You look at me, glance below my table again and back up at me
as if to say, "Well?"  I smile and move my hand to my zipper.  I watch your
face as your eyes move back down betwen my legs.  I slide it down and reach
inside my pants.  I feel my smooth hard cock, the veins raised, the head
swollen -- mmm it feels so good to rub it with you watching. I pull it out
through the zipper opening, carefully exposing my balls as well, caressing
and fondling them as my cock hangs free and hard for you to see.  Your face
looks sexy and hot, the expression of lust and pleasure is such a turn on I
can feel my cock straining as if it would cross the room on its own to get to
you.  Your lips form a near pout, round and inviting and I can imagine what
it will be like to feel them kissing and sucking me.  Your teeth bite down on
your bottom lip, your eyes locked on my cock.  I rub it gently, teasingly,
causing a drop of pre-come to appear.  I spread it over the head of my cock,
slick and slippery.  I look beneath your table to see your fingers totally
absorbed in stroking your cunt.  Your index finger spreads your lips,
starting low, sliding upward, a slight stop as it slide quickly into your
opening and then out again and up, rubbing against your achingly swollen
clitoris, rubbing, your other fingers stroking your lips, your legs spread
very wide.  I can see the lovely pink of your inner cunt, the slightly redder
lips and your hard almost-white swollen clit.  Mesmerized by your stroking
finger I move my hand more quickly on my cock, squeezing, rubbing, sliding my
hand slowly from the base to the tip.  Your fingers spread your cunt lips
wide and I can see your opening widening in its desire for my cock.  My
tongue would love to taste it, my lips long for your clit ... The waiter
brings your order.  You smile at him and mumble thanks though your eyes have
never left my cock and your fingers continue to stroke yourself.  You pick up
a piece of celery and slide the end between your lips.  I can see your tongue
toy with it, your lips squeezing gently, your eyes still on my cock.  My
waiter arrives with my food though eating is the last thing I'm interested
in.  As he places my dishes before me he temporarily blocks my view of you.
When he leaves I look and you are gone!  In a panic I put my cock back inside
my pants and zip up.  I get out my wallet and leave enough money on the table
to cover the charge.  I stand to go and I feel a hand touch my shoulder from
behind.  I turn and it's you.  I'm lost in your eyes, the beauty there, the
lust, the sensuality.  I'm afraid that at this moment I would do anything you
say.  Please, I think, please say what I want to hear.  "Hi," you say, "I'm
Sue."  "John," I reply.  "Ready to go?" you say.  "Yes."  Well, Sue, there
you have it -- the start, at least.  Didn't quite get us to a room, but now
it's your turn.  

Part 2


Your dress rustles as we quickly climb the stairs and open the door to the
cheap hotel.  You didn't know where we were going when we got in the car, and
you can't imagine why I've brought you to this place.  But you trust me so
you enter the room ahead of me and I close the door and lock it.  It's dark
and you wait silently for whatever will happen next.  I quietly move away
from you and light a small candle.  As the room gradually fades into view
wiht the growing light, you see that we're in a room with a bed, a nightstand
(with the candle) a small chair (decrepit and untrustworthy) and a door
(presumably to a bathroom.)  I've moved back behind you, and I touch your
shoulders to turn you to the left.  You are startled to see yourself,
standing in the dim-lit room with a dark-eyed man (me) standing behind you,
holding our shoulders.  You realize that one whole wall of the room, running
along the left side of the bed, is a huge mirror.  We stand like that for
awhile, looking at ourselves lookng back.  My eyes roam from your eyes to
your lips, down your chin, prying at the neck of your dress, over the swell
of your breasts.  You watch my eyes in the mirror as they linger on your
nipples, hardening under my gaze.  Then my eyes continue down, staring at
each button as if I could undo them with my sight.  I'm looking directly at
the area covering your sex, hungrily, avidly and you can feel yourself
moistening.  Still further down I examine the hem of our dress, your lean
lower thighs appearing golden brown in the candlelight.  You breathe deeply,
your shoulders moving slightly against my hands as my eyes explore your
calves and ankles.  You step out of your shoes, pushing them aside with your
feet, and the movement as you stand barefoot pulls your shoulders down and
away from my hands, but not your dress which I hold tightly, pulling it taut
against the front of your body, outlining your breasts, lifting them
slightly.  I breathe deeply.  You reach up with your right hand, touch your
hair and then run your fingers across my mouth, lingering to let me lick and
nibble each finger in turn, all the while keeping your eyes on the mirror,
watching yourself, watching me watching you.  Your left hand slides down to
the front of your dress and undoes the first button ... I pull back on the
dress harder ... a second button ... the front of the dress is pullng open as
I pull ... another ... I can see the insides of both of your breasts, round,
luscious ... and another ... I have the dress practically off your shoulders
... and another ... your breasts pull free, nipples hard and red ... and
another ... I am stripping your dress down your upper arms, though you don't
stop touching my mouth or unbuttoning ... another ... and I can see the top
of your pubic hair, blond, downy, shiny in the dim light.  You stop
unbuttoning and drop both hands to your side, letting the dress fall away.
 My hands are left to rub your shoulders, the outsides of your arms, slow
sensuous circles, my fingers enjoying the touch of your  smooth skin.  You
look stunnng in the mirror.  You move your feet slightly to spread your legs.
 I can see the crease in your hair, the slight protuberance of your labia,
wet and glistening.  My hands move under your arms, caressing your armpits,
your sides, sliding down to your hips and back up again to brush the
roundness of the outsides of our breasts.  You watch my hands as if they were
creatures, roaming, feeling, kneading, my fingers busy, my palms smooth.  I
cup each breast, liftng them, feeling their weight, gently squeezing to make
your nipples even more erect.  I slowly slide my hands forward, still
squeezing, as if I could force your nipples to become even harder and longer.
 My fingers creep to brush your throbbing nipples and you spread your legs
wider.  You lick your lips as you watch my caresses in the mirror, as I rub
my palms across your nipples, flattening your breasts back against your
chest.  You slide your hands behind you, reaching for me, and in the mirror
you look as if your arms are tied behind you, your breasts jutting forward,
straining against my hands, your stomach drawn in tight and your ass pushing
firmly against me.  Your cunt is all but dripping ... your hands tear at the
buttons of my shirt, my belt, the snap of my pants.  You pause, still
watching the magnificent raw sexuality of your excited body.  Your breathing
is harsh and ragged as my hands slide off the mounds of your breasts, down to
your stomach, back up again, down, a little lower, brushing your hair, back
up to pinch gently at each nipple, to squeeze, then down to feather in the
softness of your golden hair ... your fingers reawaken to clasp the zipper of
my pants, tugging, slowly, sliding it down.  My pants drop to the floor, my
cock jutting forward, firm and smooth to nestle against your round fleshy
cheeks.  Your hands at on my balls, gently massaging as you feel my cock
stiffen more against your ass ... my hands are toying with the top of your
cunt, sliding around your clit, never quite touching.  In the mirror y
our clit looks hard and red and ready as my fingers slide alongside your
labia, pulling them apart, open, on display to our view ... your hand grasps
my cock at the base and forces it down between your cheeks, rubs it against
your asshole, teasing, down further as I bend my knees slightly to let my
cock slide forward between your legs until we can see it in the mirror poking
between your lips.  With your other hand you reach around to the front,
sliding your fingers down your stomach, between my fingers holding you open.
 You can't resist rubbing your clit as you pass by, but your fingers are
urgent to reach my cock.  You grasp it from the front, sliding your hand up
and down on the head, squeezing the fluid from the tip where we can see it
shine as it drips in a long sticky strng to the floor.  You hold my cock
tight and begin to rub it against your cunt, pushing it back, past your hole,
pulling it forward and up to brush against your clit.  I watch your face as
you watch your hand use my cock as a dildo to rub yourself off.  Your
breathing becomes faster and faster as you rub harder and harder, now rocking
your hips forward and back, sliding on my pole, your fingers tickling the
head and your clit with each stroke.  You won't hold out long now, we both
know, but you forget to try to hold back, rubbing with abandon, wanting only
to come and come and come ... you almost double over with the force of your
orgasim, as if, despite all this time building to it, it took you by
surprise.  You shake and shudder, your breasts bouncing, your ass grinding
into my stomach, your hands unable to hold my cock any longer.  I stand
straighter, my cock again sliding up between your ass cheeks, and then I sit
down on the edge of the bed behind me.  I hold your hips, spreading our
cheeks, leaning forward to tongue you.  In the mirror you can see my cock
standing rigid in the frame of your legs.  I lean back, causing my cock to
rise higher still, spreading my legs and sliding my ass as close to the edge
of the bed as I can.  I grab your hips to guide you back, but your eyes are
on my cock in the mirror and your aim is true as you slowly, slowly slide
your throbbing, swollen cunt down, down onto the length of my shaft, watching
it disappear between your cunt lips, feeling it huge and hard and pulsing
inside you.  The image in the mirror is almost too much to stand -- you, legs
spread wide, cunt exposed and full of my cock, your breasts heaving as I hold
them in my hands pointng your nipples straight ahead at the mirror ...

Part 3

...slowly you rise, lifting your hips, your labia clinging and sliding as you
steadily ride back up my cock ...  I lean to watch your face in the mirror as
you watch my cock slowly escape, exposed centimeter by cenitmeter as you
achingly rise ... your eyes half-closed with the pleasure of the silky
feeling of my cock as you slide higher, the tightness and pressure as the
head reaches the entrance to  your cunt.  You clench your muscles and I can
feel the grasp on my crown as you squeeze.  So tight and hard together.  You
lick your swollen lips and your eyes show the heat of your feeling, the lust
of your watching us fuck as you feel us fuck ... you pull up just far enough
to squeeze the tip of my cock, then you plunge down, taking the full length
of me within you.  Your eyes are wide now, your breathing harsh between
clenched teeth.  I let your breasts hang free and grasp your hips.  I lay
back to raise my cock still higher and begin to lift your hips, raising your
ass and cunt up and up till I can look below your ass and see my cock
half-impaled inside you.  Then I ram you down and now you help, plunging
deeply as I raise my hips, thrusting, forcing more of me inside you, making
you cry out and grasp my hands on your hips, pushing up again, then down, a
steady pace of sliding in and out, but with such force, with such abandon ...
your breasts are flying and bouncing, your hands on your hips as you watch
yourself fuck and be fucked, harder and harder, until you scream your orgasm,
scream your pleasure, plunging again and again as you feel my cock swell and
erupt throbbing and convulsing inside you, my come filling you, you watch it
run down the sides of my cock as you continue to stroke with your quaking
cunt, draining me, pumping me until you feel my hardness begin to ebb ... you
slowly sit, keeping me inside you, still looking at yourself in the mirror,
your legs wide, your sopping, come-drenched cunt still stuffed with cock,
your nipples taut and red and slightly, deliciously sore.  I reach up and
touch your shoulders and you smile at yourself in the mirror ... and then lay
back, feeling my cock slowly slide out as rest your head below my chin and we
drift off to sleep ...
