                            MISTRESS OF BONDAGE

                                  PART III

     Yvette was gentle with the girls as she prodded them through another
torchlit tunnel later on that evening, yet the trip was difficult.  The
chains and other metal articles binding them were not particularly heavy,
but trying to walk on rough stone floors in high heels with their
extremities chained up proved to be an arduous task.  The wicked clanging
of their bonds combined with the vulnerability of their nakedness produced
a twinge of fear in Terry and Sue that was both exhilarating and erotic at
the same time.
     And they were tired, so terribly tired.  The chains that had bound
their necks to the dungeon walls had allowed freedom of movement, but that
did not include laying down.  They had been captives for more than five
hours and, by then, just walking unfettered would have been exhaustive.
Yvette had to help them up the steps to the chamber where they would meet
their Mistress.
     Like the foyer, this chamber was lavishly furnished and huge.  When
Yvette left them, the girls just stood still and looked at the stone
carvings and the tapestry work.
     "CRACK!"  They darted their gaze toward the blazing fireplace at the
far end of the chamber where they perceived a lady sitting in a queen anne
chair facing away from them.  They could see only the back of her head and
part of a booted leg, but it was apparent that she was incredibly tall.
When she rose and began walking toward them, both Terry and Sue immediately
decided that this was the most beautiful woman they had ever seen.
     She was even slightly taller than Helga though not quite so busty or
brawny.  Her elegantly coiffured blonde hair shimmered with a ghostly
silver flame about her face.  Her features were Celtic fresh and her smile
was lovely, though measured.  Her eyes were absolutely riveting.  They
seemed less like eyes than like blank windows, out of which peered a lost
little girl.
     Her lithe, womanly figure could have not been better sculpted by
Michelangelo and she used it well as she undulated toward them.  Her
stunning costume of black leotards, thigh length boots & leather gloves
impressed the wide-eyed girls.  She stopped in the middle of the room and
slapped her riding crop against her boot with another sharp crack.
     Terry & Sue were jerked out of their stupor and Terry, who was still
terribly confused, stepped in front of Sue and glared defiantly at their
hostess. With her feet planted firmly on the flor and her breasts thrust
forward, the young blonde captive presented quite a spectacle herself.  The
Mistress rested her riding crop in her free hand and gave the spunky slave
an appreciative glance.
     "MMMMMM" she said in a low, velvet purr which was soft as a butterfly.
"You are Theresa McArdle."  The Mistress was suitably impressed.  Sue moved
forward to stand beside her friend.  "And you must be Susan Hart."  Her
voice was so soft that they could hardly hear her.  They nodded toward
their hostess in unison.
     "I am Lady Miranda Thorne.  You may think of me as the owner of this
castle and your employer, but soon you will come to know me as your
Mistress.  I shall treat you carefully and lovingly for the next few
months, but I shall indeed have control over your existence.  I shall
dominate your movements, your training, your comfort levels--yes,
eventually even your thoughts."  Terry and Sue looked at each other and
then back at their Mistress as she continued her barely audible
presentation.
     "Part of the tourist attraction here is the legend of two Arabian
princesses who were held captive for ransom in this castle some eight
centuries ago.  As tourguides, Susan and Theresa, you will play the part of
those princesses.  You will lead the tours in bondage wearing several
different costumes which I have already had made to your measurements.  For
some special tours, you may even be nude as you are now.  I also plan to
have some exclusive showings of the bondage devices and torture equipment
downstairs in the dungeons.  You ladies will be involved in those as well."
     Again, the girls glanced at one another to gauge their mutual
reactions, but they had not yet learned to communicate with their eyes.
Lady Miranda tilted her head and gave out a hearty laugh which sounded like
it came from the next room.
     "That won't be for a few weeks, girls, and besides; I shan't force you
to do any of these things.  You''l be put through a rigorous training
schedule for a few days and then, when I'm absolutely confident that you
two are right for my purposes, you'll be given an opportunity to leave.
What could be more fair?"
     "Before and after that time, you will be my captive princesses--
subject to my every whim.  I shall not compromise you in any way, but I
shall push you to the limits of endurance."  Lady Miranda tugged on a bell
rope hanging from the wall and continued.  "I do think we're to have a
grand association, Susan and Theresa.  I can see that even though you are
frightened, the concept of slavery to me is not altogether unwelcome.  I
watched your nipples grow rigid as I spoke."
     Terry & Sue glanced down at their breasts and saw that she was right.
Yvette arrived then and the Mistress told her to see to the girl's bodily
needs and then put them up for the night.  They were relieved to hear that
they would soon be permitted to rest, but their hearts sank when, some
thirty minutes later, they saw their accomodations for the evening.
     "My god, you've got to be kidding!" Sue thought when she spied the two
steel cages suspended by chains from the ceiling.  Yvette made her kneel
and attached her collar to her ankles while she stripped Terry of her
encumberances.  All EXCEPT the brank.  The maid then undid some locks on
the evil thing and the back of the cage fell away to the side.
     "Madamoiselle will step up into the cage now, s'il vous plait." she
said.  Her small, childlike hands grabbed Terry's arms and helped her step
up on the miniscule platform, no wider than her feet, which was the bottom
of the cage.  Then she stood on a stool and, clasping Terry by the head,
manipulated it until some strategically placed little fittings on her brank
slid firmly into slots located in the top of the cage.  Terry felt a sharp
click and a slight pain in her head as the brank was locked tightly into
the top of the cage.
     "MMMFFF!" she wined and her eyes widened when she realized that her
head had literally become part of the cage.
     "Madamoiselle Terry will kindly place her hands on her dirriere, palms
outward." Yvette commanded.  Terry felt the maid's hands pushing her
farther into the cage until her breasts protruded through the steel straps
in front.  Soon she heard the hinges swing and felt the cool steel bands
encircling and encasing every inch of her naked flesh.  Yvette pulled the
cage together and tightened until Terry's hips and thighs felt as though
they were in a vise.  Then there was another sharp click and Yvette busied
herself adjusting the metal straps to conform all around Terry's body.  A
pull here and a shove there, and the poor schoolgirl was completely
immobile.  She could move nothing on her entire body save her eyes and her
fingertips.
     "Voila!" exclaimed Yvette merrily and spun the victim around in her
cage.  Terry caught sight of the maid's sardonic smile with each revolution
and the reality of her situation hit home.  She was no longer a person but
a thing; and ornament; a new toy for Lady Miranda.  The cage finally
stopped spinning and, by stretching her eyes as far left as possible, she
was able to watch as the same fate was meted out to Sue.  When both Terry
and Sue were permanently ensconced in their cages, Yvette bid them farewell
and left them alone.
     They could barely see each other out of the corners of their eyes.
Only the occasional creaking of the chains reminded them that they were
still together.  Within and hour, every bone in their bodies ached and they
had grown numb in two.  Impossible as it may have seemed to them at first,
sheer exhaustion allowed the poor, tortured captives to fall into merciful
slumber.
     In the morning, Terry and Sue were immediately reminded that they were
nothing but inanimate playthings.  They were awakened by the sound of Yvette
tidying up the chamber. Presently, she took a feather duster and wisked it all
over their nude, imprisoned bodies.  She moved up close behind Terry and, as
she fluttered the duster playfully around her breasts, her fingers pinched the
poor girl cruelly on the bottom.  She laughed out loud as poor Terry tried to
whine in pain through the gagstrap.
     Their morning abolutions completed, Terry & Sue were taken to the
scullery in chains and fed.  This brought a most welcome respite from the
hideous steel branks that had tortured their heads and mouths since the moment
they had arrived.  Helga appeared presently with a plate for each of them
looking like a magnificent Nordic goddess.  Her sexy, muscular physique was
completely naked and her lovely blonde hair was arranged coquettishly on top
of her head.
     "Good morning, ladies," she said.  "I trust you caught a few hours
sleep."  Terry moved her head as if to speak, but Helga cut off her words.
"No Miss McArdle, you are not permitted to speak.  Your brank was removed to
allow for your meal, but you are to remain silent for now."
     The mealtime passed all too quickly for the captives and they were
immediately locked up in their branks again when it was over.  Then their
wrists were re-manacled behind their backs and attached by very short chains
to their metal collars.  Yvette came down the stairs to eat and the girls
glanced at her as they were led away.
     They entered a large chamber which was bare of furnishings save for two
steel monstrosities which appeared to be grotesque hobby horses.  Helga
explained that they were `training' mounts and prodded Sue toward one of them.
In one shocking move, Helga scooped the young brunette up in her arms and
placed her on one of the steel saddles with a flair.
     "MMMMFFFF!" Sue whimpered when she felt the cold steel against her bare
buttocks.  Terry watched with growing admiration as the blonde amazon clamped
Sue's ankles into ankle cuffs fixed to the base of the horse.  When it was her
turn, she almost welcomed Helga's arms around her.  When both of the girls
were in place on their steeds, Helga locked large metal rings around their
waists and chained them to the horses for further stability.
     "I hope you enjoyed breakfast, girls, and that you ate well.  You are to
remain here until dinnertime."  Helga's words went straight through their
hearts.  They were expecting some sort of discomfort as part of their
training; but all day?  "Come now, Miss Hart," Helga went on, " you needn't
look so desolate.  Young squires no more than twelve years old sat on these
very steeds all day long for weeks at a time to encourage a sense of balance
and poise while mounted in battle.  And they had to hold shields and weapons
as well."  Then she added, "Of course, their wrists weren't chained to their
necks."
     She blew a kiss at the girls and then moved toward the door.  Both Terry
and Sue had to admire their jailer's body as her buttocks shifted sensuously
to and fro.  The door closed and the poor captives were alone again to ponder
and endure their slavery.  The hours ticked by slowly and painfully--first
one, then two, and then who knows how many?
     Terry was the first to grow weary and began to fall over.  Pain shot down
her imprisoned ankle and her chains rattled sharply as she straightend up in
the saddle.  She looked over to Sue and noticed that her friend was shedding a
tear.  As the hours dragged on, they warned each other with a shrill whine, or
by rattling their chains, when one or the other began to fall over.  And when
at last they were taken down from the horses, fed and chained up in the
dungeon as they had been the previous day, they realized that they had made it
through the ordeal by stamina, cooperation and genuine friendship.
     Even chained up tight as a drum, they were able to maneuver their bonds
and their bodies to a position which allowed them to sit next to each other.
Terry rested her head on Sue's shoulder and they enjoyed a few hours sleep.
Around ten o'clock, Yvette led them from the dungeon to the room with the
hanging cages and their sighs of disappointment almost drowned out the sound
of approaching rain.
     This time, however, they relaxed their naked bodies against the abrs of
the cage and worked themselves into something that approached comfort.  When
Yvette came in at midnight to build up a fire against the dropping
temperature, they were both sound asleep.


                               <TO BE CONTINUED>