                           MISTRESS OF BONDAGE

                                Part II

     "Oh look, Sue," Terry bubbled when the castle came into view.  
"Isn't it simply delicious?"  The towers and the walls of the imposing
structure were indeed breathtaking, but Sue was somewhat underwhelmed.  
After all, Terry was the most romantic and adventuresome of the pair.  
Sue was just in it for the money.
     "I just hope its comfortable," she replied dryly.
     "Not to worry, Miss," said the driver without looking back.  "It
may look tiresome on the outside, but I'm told it has all the comforts
of Buckingham Palace."
     "Do you live around here, driver?" Sue asked.
     "No, Miss," he replied.  "that's what Mr. Carney told me.  When you
come to it, Miss, I'm just an expensive cabbie he hired to drive you
here."
     "That Mr. Carney," Terry laughed, "he's such an old bore for a
young man.  When he told us we'd have to live at the castle all summer, 
he acted as though it would be a downer.  He's crazy.  Living here will
be a dream."
     "Maybe so, Duchess," said Sue, "but he was smart enough to show me
the escrow agreement showing our money on deposit in the bank.  All we
have to do is pick it up when we leave the castle.  I wouldn't have come
otherwise."
     The driver pulled up short when the limousine reached the thick
stone wall and then got out to use the telephone at the end of the
gate.  The girls both noted the abscence of any markings on the road
thus far and on the walls.  There was a monument, some three feet high, 
on which were carved the words "CASTLE THORNE".
     As the driver returned to the car, the iron bars of the gate rose
into the air to the mechanical tune of gears and pulleys in need of
lubricartion. They were still a half a mile from the castle proper and
both girls gazed out the windows to view their surroundings as they
passed by.  Terry was treated to the sight of a lush, verdant forest
area so dense she could barely see past the first tree.  Then there was
the soft, mirror-like lake. Sue's vague sense of caution was further
fueled as she looked out over the tombs and monuments of a graveyard.
     They wound around a circular driveway and stopped in front of the
huge castle and the driver got out to unload the baggage.  They looked
puzzled when nobody came out to greet them.
     "Where are you going?"  Sue asked the driver as he got back into
the car.
     "Someone will be out presently, Miss," he said.  "I talked to her
on the phone at the gate."  With that, he sped away leaving them
alone.  One of the tall oak doors creaked open and an inspiring figure
of a woman emerged.  She was blonde, very pretty and as big as a girl
could be and still remain feminine.  As she moved toward them with
outstretched hands, Sue fought an instinct to hide her eyes.  The woman
was wearing a pair of white shorts, a pair of sandals and absolutely
nothing else.
     "Welcome to Castle Thorne!" she said, taking Terry's hand.  Terry
was mesmerized by the woman's bare globular breasts and almost forgot to
return the greeting.
     "Thank you," she said demurely.
     "You too, Miss Hart.  My name is Helga.  I do the cooking around
here, along with various other services to the Mistress.  We're happy to
have you here, girls, and I must say that your pictures really did not
do you justice.  You're both stunning."
     "Thank you, Helga, you're very kind," said Sue.  This woman's
demeanor was endearing and her ear-to-ear smile seemed to radiate
sunshine.  She was nearly a full head taller than either of them and
they were amazed when she hoisted all four suitcases at the same time.  
She caught Terry glancing at her breasts again and smiled at her
pleasantly.
     "I like to wear as little as possible," Helga said by way of
explanation.  "It's good for the body and I like to be good to my
body.  That's one reason I took this position.  The weather's pleasant
and we're very isolated here."
     "Sounds absolutely delightful to me!" Terry chirped as the trio
ascended the steps leading to the door.  Helga encouraged her.
     "Feel free, Miss McArdle.  It feels wonderful!" she said.
     Terry quickly removed her white satin blouse and bra and then
draped her long blonde tresses modestly over her breasts.  Helga set
down the luggage in the foyer and introduced the new arrivals to Yvette
who was coming down the grand staircase carrying a silver tea set.  She
was much smaller than the cook and just as beautiful, though in a more
petite, delicate way.  Her hair was short and black, and her figure was
as slim as those fashion models whose legs look like those of
children.  She was more dressed than the cook, though her maid's uniform
was skimpy and quite flashy.
     "Bon jour," she said pleasantly, setting the tea service down on a
sideboard.  They exchanged a few amenities as Terry and Sue tried to
drink in the breathtaking level of luxury.  This room was larger than
their entire flat and it was only the foyer.
     "Perhaps our newest staff members would like to see some of the
more interesting rooms while I put their luggage in the bedroom.  
Yvette, why don't you take them to one of the dungeons," Helga ordered, 
taking Terry's blouse and bra for her.
     "Oui, Madame Helga.  This way Madamoiselles," Yvette replied.  
Terry grabbed her friend's arm.
     "Isn't this exciting, Sue?"  Sue didn't answer and Terry woudn't
have heard her in any case.  The authenticity of the stone corridors was
impressive as they made their way by torchlight down into the delves of
the castle.
     "Voila!"  Yvette exclaimed in her charming Gaelic accent when the
reached the first dungeon.  Terry bounded in like a kid in a candy store
and fluttered from one punishment device to another in quick
succession.  Sue smoothed her skirt down over her hips and likewise
perused over the place though somewhat more thoughtfully.  Terry held up
a pair of steel manacles and sprouted an impish grin.
     "May I try them on, Yvette?" she asked.
     "But of course, Madamoiselle," replied the maid, and then clamped
the lovely blonde schoolgirl's wrists behind her back.  Terry almost
shuddered at the feel of cold steel on her bare skin.  Immediately she
felt terribly vulnerable and curiously erotic.  Her naked breasts were
forced out from behind her hair by the position of her arms and they
were totally without protection.
     "Help!" she cried in mock despair, "save me from the Black
Prince!"  She was playing, true enough, but her nipples had grown
rigid.  Sue started to go along.
     "Yeah, Duchess," she quipped, "I'm afraid handsome white knights
are like cops.  When you really need one, where the hell are they?"
     They both laughed as Yvette came toward Terry with another metal
contraption.  She explained that the Black Prince cared little to hear
the cries of captive young girls while he ate, so such problems would
have to be solved with the brank.  Then the maid asked if she would like
to try it on as well.
     "Oh please, Yvette!" she replied, even after Sue shot her a
disaproving glance, "I'd simply love to!"  The device was made of very
thin steel straps, the widest of which circled the mouth and was
adjustable at the back of the head.  The young blonds closed her eyes as
Yvette closed the thing around her head and locked the steel collar
around her neck with a small padlock.
     "This will keep you spirit in tow, Madamouiselle Terry," Yvette
said as she worked with the brank.
     "Oh Sue," Terry bubbled, "it feels so excimmmmmffff!"
     "And this," Yvette continued as she adjusted the steel gag strap
and the chin bar firmly against Terry's mouth, "will keep you silent."
     "MMMFFF!" Terry tried to shout.  Her eyes were dancing with
merrriment, not fear, so Sue made no protest yet.  But she felt the
situation growing awkward when Yvette produced another steel brank and
came toward her.
     "Madamouiselle Sue?" she asked in her sweet, pixie voice.
     "Maybe later," Sue replied.
     "MAYBE NOW!"  Helga's commanding voice came from behind Sue as a
pair of strong hands grasped her wrists and pulled them up behind her
back to her shoulders.  She had no time to protest.  A short, girlish
grunt was all she could get out before the cage was fixed firmly to her
head and her lips pressed tightly against her teeth by the steel
gagstrap.
     She struggled only for a moment before relaxing in Helga's
obviously superior grip.  A nod from the buxom cook and Yvette unzipped
Sue's dress and pulled it down over her hips.  A minute later and all of
her clothes, save her high heels, were piled at her feet, and her wrists
were being manacled together above her naked buttocks.
     "MMMFFF!" Terry tried again to make noise, but to no avail.  This
time, she was serious.  Soon her slacks and panties were removed and she
too stood naked but for her footwear and steel.  She could not
understand the calm resignation in Sue's eyes since she herself was
beginning to get concerned.  But Sue had been expecting something
unusual for the money they were getting and this seemed to be it.  Helga
faced the girls and began to speak as the maid brought more steel
bondage equipment over.
     "Ladies, I trust you'll get used to this since it will be your lot
for quite some time.  The Mistress will explain more about your
situations this evening, but for now, you must trust me."  Yvette was
placing chastity belts on them which were made of steel and shaped like 
hearts in front.  They also featured cold steel straps running up
between their buttocks in the rear. They grunted as the devices were
locked impossibly tight around their waists.
     "It is imperative," Helga continued, "that you know how it feels to
be kidnapped,  To be enslaved.  To be in bondage.  I'll leave you to
gather your thoughts for a few hours, ladies.  You shan't be
disturbed.  Come, Yvette."
     The petite maid finished locking still more steel equipment on
their ankles and then left with Helga.  By now, Terry realizedd that it
was useless to try to speak, but she searched Sue's eyes in vain for
some sign of the fear she was experiencing.  Sue simply smiled back at
her reassuringly with her eyes and then closed them in a serious attempt
to relax.  Terry was still confused, but if Sue wasn't afraid, then she
would follow her friend's cue.  After all, she had looked to Sue for the
answers all through high school and Sue had always come through.
     The sea breeze floated in through the barred window and brought the
warming afternoon sun with it.  With her eyes still closed, Sue
stretched and contorted herself to release any kinks and then settled in
for the duration.  Her beautiful blonde friend, who always had found her
attractive, now sensed an exotic, erotic feeling in staring at her
lush, nude body with all the metal binding it and making it vulnerable.
     "Sue," she thought, "you look absolutely delicious tonight in that
outfit."
*************************************************************************

                           <TO BE CONTINUED>

