                             MISTRESS OF BONDAGE

                                   PART IV


      "Oh, how lovely!" Sue thought as she and Terry were led outside after
breakfast the next morning.  They had not seen daylight for two days and the
morning air tasted sweet in their nostrils.  Helga was her usual cheerful
self, dressed in nothing more than an apron as she pranced in front of her
captives.  When she stopped the procession and removed all the chains and
other steel bindings from the girls bodies, they nearly leapt for joy.  Terry
smiled gratefully at the cook as she rubbed the slight red indentations from
her limbs.
      "Do not hold too dearly to your comfort, girls, your training is far
from complete," she said.  "Please move on ahead of me."  The naked
schoolgirls made their way into a clearing and saw two poles imbedded in the
lawn near the beehives.  They each had crossbeams at the top and looked like
two huge parrot perches.  Terry and Sue realized at once that these two
wooden gibbets were for them.
      Again they were lifted off the ground by the impressive Helga and tied
to the crosses with many lengths of rope.  All of their weight rested on
their shoulders and the ropes cut viciously into their flesh.  It was
strenuous and very painful, but there was one bright spot.  They were gagged
with lengths of cloth pulled tightly between their teeth and not with the
horrible branks.
      Again, it was a punishment they would have to endure all day, but they
had learned to pace themselves.  They settled into their lot with a few
bodily manipulations and then closed their eyes.  Helga stared approvingly at
Sue who was the first to stop squirming.  The contours of her breasts
protruded defiantly out from her chest to reach the sun.
      "How lovely," Helga mused under her breath and went back inside the
castle to continue her work.  She emerged again later on in the afternoon to
check on her lonely slaves and to add some spice to their training.  Both
Terry and Sue had their eyes closed against the midday sun and were breathing
heavily through their nostrils.  Their firm, smooth bodies glistened in the
sun and they looked like brilliant gemstones in sensuous display.  Helga
moved up to Terry who was whimpering faintly through her gag with each
breath.  She pinched the sexy blonde on the thigh to arouse her and then
produced what was clearly a jar of honey.
      The poor schoolgirl quickly flashed to the significance of the nearby
beehives and tried to scream through the cloth which was stuffed into her
mouth.  Her screams were muffled but clear enough to rouse Sue, who twisted
her head painfully to see what was going on.
      Helga dipped a brush into the honey and began smearing the rich, gooey
substance all over Terry's heaving bosoms.  She lingered over the nipples and
kept glancing up at her eyes as she covered both breasts completely.  Then
she brushed copious amounts of honey on the young girl's ribcage, tummy and
then slapped each hip with the brush.
      Terry's eyes darted over to the beehives as Helga kissed her on the
buttock and moved over to Sue.  She covered the brunette's chest quickly with
honey and, to Sue's curiosity, added a generous extra dab to her left nipple.
      "Goodness," Helga said with a sunshine smile, "that's too much."  With
that, she stood on tiptoes and brought her lips up to the schoolgirl's
dripping breast.  She gently clamped her soft smile over the slave's nipple
and sucked the excess honey into her mouth with a slow, undulating movement.
Then she let go of the nipple with a wet popping sound and winked at her.
      Sue might have pondered this curious attention had she not been
listening to Terry's futile attempts at screaming.  They each then watched
frightfully as the swarming bees sallied further and further from their hives
with each circle.  Terry's whimpering grew more frenzied as the insects drew
nearer to their naked vulnerability.  Soon the bees were circling all around
both of the girls who had shut their eyes as tightly as they could.  Many
minutes passed as they waited for the sharp singers to pierce their skin, but
none came.  Sue opened one eye and saw that the bees were all around, but none
were landing on their honey smeared bodies.  And Helga was enjoying uproarious
laughter off to the side.
      "I mixed insect repellent with the honey, darlings," Helga laughed.  The
honey brings them here, and the repellent keeps them from landing."  Both
girls sighed with relief.  It was a cruel joke, but one that prepared them for
anything.
      That evening, as Yvette was stuffing them into their cages, they
resolved individually to see the program through.  They realized that all the
people at Castle Thorne were true to their word, if a trifle strange.  And, in
a way, the firm yet loving way of their captivity was somewhat satisfying in
an erotic sense.
      The next day, the final one of their training, Terry & Sue were
expecting the very worst--and did not get it.  They were outside again and the
only metal on them was the collars around their necks.  Helga had them chained
by the neck to two wooden stakes placed side by side in the garden.  Their
lush, nude bodies were secured to the stakes with several lengths of rope and
their wrists had been lashed behind their backs.  Their gags were again made
of cloth as opposed to metal.
      Helga tested the ropes running above and below Terry's lovely round
breasts and stepped back to view the tableau.  She told them that even though
the bondage was less strenuous, it would be long.  They were to remain bound
and naked in the garden until midnight without food or water.  And there was
something else.
      "Look at the maze, Miss McArdle and Miss Hart," she directed.  Their
attention focused on a meticulously clipped cluster of hedges some eight feet
high.  "It seems to go on forever, and legend has it that several people who
have entered it have never returned.  Supposedly, there's a hideous deformed
person who lives nearby and hides in the hedges waiting for unsuspecting
wanderers."
      Helga hooked a fingertip into Terry's gag and brushed lightly against
her upper lip.  "Of course, we don't believe such garbage do we?"  Terry's
eyes were wide.  Sue's eyes laughed above the gag.  No, she certainly did not.
      Helga left them and they again settled in for the duration.  Sue closed
her eyes and rested her head back against the wooden stake.  Terry spent a
little time drinking in her friend's beautiful breasts and hips.  She longed
to kiss them and touch them--to possess this girl who had been her best friend
all through their teenage years.
      Suddenly, there was a rustling from the hedges.  Terry's eyes swung
around and her heart slowed and skipped a beat.  Another movement of the
hedges  and her back tingled.  She struggled against her bonds and made some
noise to rouse Sue who merely opened her eyes.
      The rustling of the hedges moved closer and closer, until whoever was
making the noise was almost at the mouth of the maze.  Poor Terry's breathing
had doubled and her eyes were as wide as saucers.  She just could not believe
Sue's aplomb.  She shut her eyes and bit down hard on her gag just as the
figure appeared before her.  And what a figure it was!
      She was tall, with the smoothest, shiniest, blackest long hair the girls
had ever seen.  She was a beautiful Asian girl, about thirty years old, with
full breasts and very large voluptuous hips and buttocks.  On someone else,
her large round buttocks might have been too big.  On her, they were
majestically sensuous.  They could tell so much about her figure as it
approached them because she seemed to have the same disdain for clothing as
Helga.  And as everyone else in the castle, for that matter.
      "My name is Niko," she said.  "I do the gardening here.  Did I make
enough noise to scare you?"  Sue and Terry smiled with their eyes at each
other and looked back at the gardener.  It was hard to buy her as the
gardener, yet it seemed to fit the pattern.  This place was full of beautiful
women.  Niko chatted to them for awhile and apologized for not removing their
gags.  "Helga told me about you girls, but she didn't say you were so
beautiful.."  Their eyes brightened.  "It's been nice talking to you, Miss
Hart, Miss McArdle.  I have more work to do now.  It'll be wonderful having
you here, believe me."
      The lovely oriental turned on her heel and moved her generous buttocks
back and forth as she moved back in the maze again.  Terry and Sue settled
back in again as comfortably as possible.  They still had fifteen hours in
front of them.

                              < TO BE CONTINUED >