Miss Faye 
Part 1 

  

Faye came to live with me three years ago, and she changed my life forever. I hadn't seen her since she was a little girl, but when her parents died suddenly in a boating accident, I found out that I was listed as primary guardian in their will. I vaguely remembered my brother asking me if I would do it, but didn't really think anything would happen to him or Sally, his wife, so I said yes. 

I should have sensed that something was going to happen, because things had been going too well for me. My divorce had been finalized, I’d gotten a new job paying in the mid-six figures for what amounted to part-time work, (that pissed the ex-wife from hell off no end, much to my delight) and I’d finally gotten rid of that nasty topspin slice on my forehand return shot. 

I met Faye for the first time in almost ten years when I picked her up at the airport. Gone was the prissy, almost pompous little brat she'd been. The girl, no, woman, I met was tall, graceful, and had a body most centerfolds would kill for. At sixteen, Faye stood 5’11", and weighed 145 pounds, and not a gram of it was out of place. She measured 38-24-36, and had already learned to dress to accentuate her height and her build. 

She spotted me as soon as she came out of the skyway and rushed over, wrapping herself around me in a totally innocent hug. My initial reaction was an immediate, and very obvious erection. 

Faye smiled up at me with a soon to be familiar glint in her eye. 

"Well, Uncle Max," she said, laughing lightly and pressing her hips against me, making it plain that she was aware of the effect she had already had on me, "It's nice to know you're glad to see me!" 

I broke away, holding her at arm's length. I was amazed by the ravishing creature I held before me. To complement her obvious physical charms, Faye had classically beautiful features, thick black hair that she wore in a long ponytail, reaching almost to her hips, and rich, cobalt blue eyes. I'm still trying to figure out where she got her looks. My brother was butt-ugly at best, and his wife, well, lets just say that she was pleasantly homely. 

When my senses and hormones were under some control, I led Faye out to the car, and headed for home. As we drove, I pointed out places that I thought would interest her, malls, parks, a some of notable teen hangouts, and the school she'd be going to. She just passed it all off, and kept asking me about myself. She wanted to know all about me, my interests, work, and most especially, if I was involved in any relationships. I gave her a brief rundown, but kept personal details to a minimum. I was relieved when we reached the house and I could show her to her room and let her get settled in. 

I gave Faye a quick tour of the house after we'd unloaded her bags and taken them to her room. She was impressed with both the size and layout of the house, and complemented me frequently on my taste in decor. Faye hung on my arm as I led her through each room, pressing herself up against me as often as possible. 

I was taken by her. Her scent was intoxicating and the touch of firm, full breasts pressing against me was maddening. I finally had to make up an excuse to get away from her before she drove me mad. 

I went to the study and had a couple of fast, strong drinks, then called my girl friend and explained what was going on, and that I might not be able to see her for a while. She was very understanding, but suggested that having a nubile teenager in the house with a single man might lead to trouble. She laughingly suggested that if I got too tempted, to call her immediately, and she'd relieve the tension. I didn't realize then that I wouldn't have a choice in the matter. 

I managed to dodge Faye for most of the afternoon since she had to unpack and get her things arranged, and I had some work to get done. As it turned out, my work kept me at the office very late. I called Faye several times to check on her and to apologize for leaving her alone in a strange city. She said that it was okay; she'd be fine and I shouldn't worry. 

It was just after midnight when I got home and the house was dark, so I crept quietly up the stairs to my bedroom. It felt strange sneaking around in my own house, but I didn't want to disturb Faye if she was asleep, and I was too tired to deal with her if she was awake. 

As I passed her room, I saw the door was open a crack, and the light was on, so I stopped and peeked in. Faye was stretched out on her tummy across the bed asleep, hugging her pillow. She was wearing a pair of sheer pink panties and a cut-off T-shirt. Faye moved, drew one leg up and fluffed the pillow under her head. The movement revealed the tight mound of her pussy and another shift pulled the T-shirt above the creamy mound of her tit. My cock throbbed to another painful erection, and I forced myself to pull the door closed. I walked to my own room and flopped on the bed in frustration. I almost called Rachel, but thought better of it. Instead, I undressed and slid into bed. I fell asleep almost immediately. 

My dreams that night were hot, damp, and they all involved Faye. I couldn't get her body out of my thoughts, even in sleep. I remember waking up around 4:00 in the morning with a raging hard-on, and was surprised to find it sticky. I hadn't had a wet dream in years. I slept nude, so I didn't have to worry about soiled pajamas or shorts, but figured that I should check the sheets to assess the damage. I felt around all over both the top and bottom sheets, but couldn't find any sign of a wet spot. Finally, in frustration, I turned on the light and shook out the top sheet, holding it up to look at it. Nothing. I looked all over the bottom sheet, and again, nothing. I finally said the hell with it and pulled the covers back up and went back to sleep. 

I enrolled Faye in school the next day, and our lives settled into a routine, even though she continued to tease me unmercifully. I was spending more time at the office in the evenings at that point, so I really didn't think the teasing was bothering me that much, but I kept having emissionless wet dreams almost every night. 

A few nights after Faye arrived, I shuddered awake from a really sexy dream. I was coming, and wrapped my hand around my cock and milked it to prolong the pleasant sensations. My door was ajar, and I thought I saw something move past. I wakened further and noticed that my cock was soaking wet, and not just with cum. As I examined it more closely, I saw red marks all over my cock, almost like bite marks. 

Something was going on. I’d been perplexed by the absence of stains from my nightly wet dreams; yet this latest one now left me covered with the sticky white stuff. I had a strong feeling that I was being visited while I was asleep, but didn't want to confront Faye with it until I could be sure. I needed concrete proof that I wasn't just jerking off in my sleep. 

I got up and walked down the hall to the bath. As I passed Faye’s room, I stopped and listened at the door. Silence. I opened the door and peeked in. Faye was lying on her side, asleep in her usual night wear of panties and cropped tee shirt. My cock began to harden. The tee shirt was up under her arms and her creamy breasts drew my eye in the dim light. I stood spellbound, unable to retreat. I pushed the door open all the way and hall light flooded the room. I crossed her room and knelt by the bed. Faye’s eyes squinted against the light and she turned her face into her pillow, but that was the only response. 

I knelt beside the bed, scarcely breathing, staring at the ripe young body of my niece, my ward. I was taking a major risk, but at that moment I really didn't care. I didn't touch her, just looked. And she helped me. Faye rolled onto her back and her breasts jiggled like jello-filled balloons. One knee lifted and then rolled out to the side. Her panty covered crotch came into view. 

My eyes were drawn to the junction of her thighs, and my cock pulsed as I looked at the fresh young pussy through her tight panties. As I stepped to the end of the bed, she pulled her other leg up and her thighs spread wide, almost as if she knew I was there. I knelt motionless, watching, waiting for some sign to let me know that she knew I was there. She gave me a sign, but it wasn't what I was expecting. 

Gradually, her breathing deepened, becoming harsher, and she tossed her head from side to side, grunting and groaning deep in her throat. But her lower body didn't move from its displayed position. Her left hand crept to one big tit and pinched the nipple, making it jut out firm and proud. I didn't know if she were dreaming or putting on a show, but she was getting turned on. A small dark spot appeared on her panties and grew quickly as musky droplets seeped from her cunt. The creamy liquid soaked the gusset and made it almost transparent. Her labia were distinct through the sheer material, and her scent filled the room. 

Faye’s other hand rested on her tummy, tracing small circles on the smooth white flesh. The circles grew wider until her fingertips brushed the elastic of her panties. 

I could take no more, and backed up, still on my knees, scuttling to the door. When I stood up my shadow fell over her. The light behind me threw a shadow across the bed, as if trying to do what I wouldn't let myself do. The tip of my shadow-cock rested on my sleeping niece's damp panties. I stood a moment longer, then closed the door and continued on to the bathroom. I knew that I wouldn't be able to get back to sleep now, so I got in the shower and turned it on as cold as I could stand it. It didn't help; my cock was still as hard as a rock, so I turned on the hot water and grabbed the soap. I leaned back and jerked off, thinking how much I’d love to go back in Faye’s room and fuck the living shit out of her. 

I brought myself off quickly, but my cock stayed hard. It stayed in a kind of semi-erection for most of the day. 

Faye’s teasing was much more blatant that morning as she got ready for school. She came out of the bathroom stark naked as I passed by, stopping and posing for me, then turning and walking casually down the hall to her room. Then at breakfast, she leaned over my shoulder, pressing her tits into my back as she grabbed my wrist and took a huge bite out of the piece of toast I was holding. She even made a show of licking a drop of jelly off of my finger, then wiggled her nimble pink tongue at me before swallowing it. 

I almost ran out of the house that morning. I was scared by what seemed to be going on. I didn't have any proof that Faye was coming on to me, and I didn't want to make any advances even if she was. My thoughts were of jail cells, and big, hairy men taking turns on my virgin asshole flashed through my mind as I drove to work. 

I tried to call Rachel, hoping that she could help me out, both by draining my balls and maybe telling me what to do, but her assistant said she was in Phoenix for the next two weeks. I plodded through my meetings that day, then stalled as long as I could before I went home. 

The living room light was on when I pulled up in front of the house. I stood on the front porch debating whether or not to go in. Finally, I peeked in the bay window to see if Faye really was awake. 

She was sitting on the couch, wearing a cut-off tee shirt and a pair of running shorts. She was watching a MacGyver on TV, so I figured it was safe enough, especially if I breezed in with a quick hello and hauled ass for my bedroom. Before I could move, Faye blew that plan all to hell. 

She pulled up her tee shirt and cupped her tits, massaging them slowly, moving her fingers upward over the firm, full globes until she reached her nipples. She tweaked the spiky buds, teasing them to hardness. My cock grew with her nipples, stretching down my pants leg. I sensed a drop of pre-come ooze from the tip when she lifted one tit and licked the nipple, then sucked it into her mouth. 

I wanted to run, but my feet weren't getting the message. I stood there, peeking in my own living room window like a peeping tom. Faye made it worth my while. When she finished playing with her nipples, she dipped her hand into the waistband of her shorts and dug around with her fingers. I didn't have a very good view, since I was looking in at her from the side. I could just discern the fingers moving under the loose material. Suddenly, she got up and pushed her shorts down, kicking them nearly off. They dangled from one ankle as she sat back down against the arm of the couch with one leg up on the cushions and the other on the floor. She was fully open to my ravenous gaze. Fingertips dipped into the fur-clad slit. She kept her eyes on the TV as she stroked in and out of her pretty pink pussy. Her arousal was obvious: her pussy lips glistened. 

Faye continued the fingering, slowly picking up the pace until her hand was a blur. She brought her free hand down and started rubbing her clit. She looked positively delicious lying there on the couch, her skin flushed a deep red, her hands digging eagerly into her cunt. I reached down and began to massage the head of my cock, feeling my own orgasm rapidly approaching. I stopped suddenly, ashamed of myself for masturbating like a school boy. 

You should go in there and put a stop to all this right now, I told myself. She's a sixteen year old girl for God's sake. You have got to do something. 

So I did. I turned around and went back to my car, got in and drove to the bar down the street. I sat at the bar for a few of hours, getting pretty well smashed. Finally around 2:30, I decided that it might be safe to go home. 

As I drove up to the house, I couldn't see any lights, so I parked the car, (right on top of one of my prized azaleas), and quietly made my way inside. I tip-toed up the stairs, and as I reached the top, I saw that Faye’s door was open and the light was on. Shit! I thought, she's gonna get me fer sure now, and I'm in no shape to resist. 

But my fears proved ungrounded. As I crept past her door, I saw that she was asleep, but had left another trap for me. She was naked on top of her covers. I groaned audibly, unsure of how long I could resist. She must have heard me, because she rolled over on her back, and her legs drifted open. I stared hungrily at the cleft between her legs, because she'd shaved the lips and trimmed the bush over her cunt into a neat little mohawk. I walked into the room and knelt on the floor with my face between her legs. I leaned in close and took a long, loud sniff, and was almost overcome by the fragrant aroma drifting up from her smooth-shaven beaver. 

"God, I bet that tastes good," I mumbled, unaware that I’d said it aloud. 

Faye must have heard me. She purred lightly and ground her hips in a slow circle, lifting her pussy toward my eager face. Pearly drop-lets oozed from between the dusky pink lips that spread slowly, like a flower opening to the sun. Suddenly, I noticed a drop of water running down her thigh about eight inches away from her pretty bald cunt. I saw another drop hit, and realized that I was drooling. I leaned in a little closer just as Faye lifted her hips again, and her pussy brushed lightly over the tip of my nose. 

Faye moaned as I pulled my head back. She was still lifting her hips, almost humping up at me. I rose to my feet and stood over her. I tugged my zipper down slowly and quietly, then reached in for my throbbing cock. I watched Faye’s legs open wider as she pulled her feet up under her butt. The thick pink petals of her labia opened and a stream of nectar seeped out and down into the crack of her ass. 

I backed up slowly, stroking my cock as I went. When I reached the door, I turned off the light and pulled the door closed, then walked down the hall to my room, still stroking my cock lazily, I mumbled drunkenly to myself "There ya go bitch. Yer not the only one who can tease ya know." 

I undressed, dropping my clothes on the floor, my hard cock preceding me every where I went. On an alcohol-inspired hunch I dug my camera bag from the closet and fumbled out the pair of 8 mm camcorders. I put a fresh tape in each one and set them for slow record. One rested on the dresser at one side of the bed, hidden by some papers. The other lay on the window sill and peeked out between the curtains. I turned off the overhead light and toggled the reading lights mounted on the headboard. They were aimed at my cock. 

I flopped on the bed, not bothering with the covers. 

‘Why bother? She's gonna come in and rape me when she thinks I'm asleep.’ I looked down at my cock, still standing up in an enormous erection. ‘Jesus,’ I thought, ‘that thing must have grown a couple of inches. If I roll over, I'm gonna pole vault into the closet.’ Shaking my head, I wrapped a pillow up around my ears, (It helps me sleep, OK?) and tried to sleep. An hour later I was still awake. The drop of cunt-cream on the end of my nose was driving me crazy, and I was afraid to roll over for fear of breaking my cock. I was debating getting up and going downstairs when I heard the knob on my bedroom door turn. There was a creak as the door opened slowly. 

I made my breathing deep and even, feigning sleep. With the pillow around my head, Faye couldn't see my face. She stood and watched me for a very long time, then pushed the door open and crept across the room. I'm surprised that I never noticed her coming in before. I could hear her harsh breathing as she drew closer, and I could smell her musky aroma as she stood looking down at me. 

Her boldness surprised me. She moved around to the foot of the bed and knelt slowly on the mattress. She moved up over me, dragging her nipples over my legs. She moved slowly, but finally reached my cock and settled down on top of me. Her hot cunt slid across my hairy calf, her tits pressed into my thighs. Hot breath fanned the head of my cock, making it pulse and throb mightily. 

I was afraid to open my eyes, but I could feel her looking at my cock, just inches from her face. I almost lost control when she blew a stream of cool air around my knob, making it flex and flair like the head of a cobra. A drop of pre-come squirted out and started to run down the side of my shaft, and I heard her speak. 

"Ah, there's the candy baby's looking for," she cooed. Then her hot wet tongue raked up the side of my cock to lap the thick, creamy droplet. My cock pulsed, and another drop, even larger, poured down the underside of my cock. 

She wrapped her fingers loosely around the base of my cock to steady it as she dragged her tongue slowly upwards, lashing at the thick vein that seamed the underside of my shaft. I heard her suck my warm, gooey offering into her mouth, then felt her lips against the nerve cluster just under the rim. She sucked and licked her way up over the fat flaring knob of my cock until she was nursing directly on the soft weeping lips of my piss-slit. A steady stream of pre-come oozed out of those tiny pink lips, only to be gathered up by her eager tongue. She'd brought her hands into play, one was milking my shaft gently urging more of my cream up and out so she could slurp it off, and the other was massaging my balls gently, coaxing them to release more of the steaming sauce she craved. 

I lay back and relaxed. I was amazed at how well I was taking this, and was confident that I could maintain the pretense of sleep throughout her oral assault. I’d become a detached spectator, even though watching through my sense of touch. 

Faye became more active, even aggressive, as she nursed on my drooling slit. Her tongue made wider and wider excursions around the sensitive meat of my knob, wetting and teasing the hot crimson flesh. I groaned when her lips slipped over the rim of my cock-head. She held the tip between her lips, baking in the furnace of her mouth. She drooled freely, hot spit streaming down the fat shaft. 

She began massaging the hot drool into the thick stalk, moving it up and down lazily. Her mouth picked up the same rhythm, and she sucked and pumped on my cock, increasing the pace, and making loud slurping noises as she sucked. 

Faye lifted her head from my cock, but maintained the pumping motion with her hand. I felt her mashing her drooling cunt against my leg, humping her clit on my shin. 

"Please wake up, Uncle Max!" she whispered, almost pleading. "I know you want to fuck me, I could feel your breath on my pussy, and Oh God." She licked a drop of cum off my throbbing knob and ground her pussy harder against my leg. "When I felt you between my legs, sniffing my pussy, drooling on me because you wanted to lick my hot little cunt...." 

Her hand left my balls, and a moment later slipped between my leg and her sloppy wet pussy. Faye stroked her clit and continued to whisper: "I thought you'd finally get the message that I wanted you to fuck me when you peeked in the living room window. I put on a special show. Just for you. But when I finished, you were gone." 

She squeezed my cock, making the head bulge out, and dove down on it, taking half my length into her hot, wet mouth. She sucked vigorously for a long time, varying her speed and rhythm, apparently familiar with what my cock liked. 

My hips jerked, I couldn't stop them, but she must have gotten the same response while I was asleep the other times, because she didn't stop. I started bucking my hips up at her mouth, fucking my cock into her mouth in the rhythm I wanted, and she picked it up without missing a stroke. 

She pulled her head up suddenly, leaving my cock to cool in the still air. "You're gonna come soon, aren't you? Oh please, wake up! I want you to fuck my mouth when you come. Oh please wake up. Wake up!" She groaned and tugged roughly on my cock. The thick shaft pulsed once, then twice, much harder, in rapid succession, and she dropped her head back down, but didn't take it in her mouth. 

"Come, yeah, I know you can do it! Come for me, feed me that hot nasty cream! Oh, I want it so bad!" she groaned, her lips brushing the winking piss-hole as she spoke. 

Her lips captured the spit-slick tip and sucked hungrily while her hand beat feverishly up and down my rigid stalk. She brought her hand back to my balls and squeezed them again, not so gently this time. I groaned and arched up off the bed, driving my cock between her lips and into the back of her mouth. She met my motion, diving down the thick stalk even as the first load burned up from my aching balls. 

My cock lodged in her throat as the first hot wad of steaming spunk spewed from my tortured slit. She moaned deep in her throat, but didn't gag or pull away. Her tight throat muscles massaged as she swallowed, and set off another spurt from deep in my balls. 

She pulled her head up as the second load surged up the stalk of my cock. She kept the head in her mouth, lips clamped tight just under the rim. She groaned hungrily as my come burst into her mouth, and I felt thick streams of the hot stuff running down the shaft of my cock. Her hand was still pumping steadily as she pulled her mouth off my cock, panting like a marathon runner. 

"Yeah, shoot in my face now. I know you've got some more in there for me. Oh, shoot it all over my face, my tits. Drown me in it!" 

My cock pulsed even as she spoke. My come flew out and splattered her smooth white skin. I wanted to open my eyes and look at her bathed in come, but I lay there and just let it happen. 

She kept jerking on my cock long after I’d stopped spurting. She brought it back to her mouth and sucked it into the warm, wet cavern, licking up my spilled seed. Almost lazily now, she teased her tongue around and around my shrinking shaft. 

She took her time cleaning me up. It was obvious that she didn't care if she was caught. Hell, she wanted to be caught! Finally, she'd gotten all the creamy nectar I had to offer, and my cock had shrunk to it resting state as a soft warm snake nestled between my legs. 

She climbed off of me, then I heard a squashing noise near my head. I was sorely tempted to open my eyes, but seconds later was glad I’d resisted. 

"Maybe you'll get the point now," she whispered, running her fingers under my nose and across my lips, smearing her tangy nectar onto my face. 

I licked my lips and smiled dreamily, then rolled over and turned my back to her. 

She stood there for several more minutes, looking down at me. I finally heard the door close, and I dropped off to sleep. 

The next morning, (about two hours later really), I strolled up behind Faye as she stood at the kitchen counter making her lunch. I wrapped my arms lightly around her tiny waist and nuzzled her neck, sucking lightly on the tender skin, like I was giving her a hickey. She put her hand on my cheek and pressed her body back against me, wiggling her hips against my crotch, trying to tease me. I surprised her by pulling her back tighter against me, pushing my semi-hard cock into her soft, springy butt. 

She spun in my arms so she was facing me, but kept up her easy bumping motion with her hips. I surprised her again, because I pulled on her hips again and ground my crotch into hers, pinning her up against the counter. Faye wrapped her arms around my neck and rubbed her big, fluffy tits into my chest, then closed her eyes and moved her face up to kiss me. This wasn't going to be any good morning peck, but a full-fledged, tongue down the throat soul kiss. 

I leaned back, dodging her and putting us both off balance, so we had to break our embrace. Faye looked at me for a moment, shaking her head with a wry smile as though she knew the game I was playing. 

"You look almost frisky this morning. You've been so jumpy and distant since I got here! I was beginning to think that you might not want me." She grabbed the front of my shirt and pulled me close again. "What's gotten into you anyway!" 

"A dream." I said simply. I smiled at her, thinking how nice it was to be able to stand up straight and look her in the eyes. I put my hands on the counter, leaning into her, making her bend backwards at the waist. Her crotch was pushed out by her position, and I dropped one hand between us and let it brush over her mound through her tight jeans. Faye gasped, shocked at my taking the initiative, but I moved away before anything else happened. "Yeah, I had a dream about a woman," I said dropping to one knee right in front of her to pick up some crumbs from the floor. I was looking right at her cunt as I continued. "I think it was Rachel, but I'm not so sure now. Anyway, I was on this table or bed or something, and she was making love to me. I wasn't tied up or anything, but I couldn't move, I was subject to her will in all things. It was a really hot dream." I stood up and stared into her eyes. "I think I've been having this dream a lot lately. I really don't know if I should be telling you this," I said, letting my voice drop to a conspiratorial whisper, "but I think I've been having wet dreams." 

Faye blushed, and her breath came in harsh pants for a few moments. She looked back at me, meeting my eyes in a bold stare. "It sounds to me like you need someone to help you take care of that problem." 

I turned away and walked over to the bar. I could tell that she was off balance. She was looking at me closely, trying to figure out if I was playing her game now, or if I was really sharing a secret with her. Either way, I knew she liked the change. 

"Yeah, I'm gonna call Rachel this afternoon and see if she wants to go out tonight. You don't mind, do you?" I said over my shoulder as I poured a cup of coffee. 

She looked daggers at me and grabbed her books off the table and started to stomp out. "Do whatever you want. I'm going to be late for school." She stormed out, slamming the front door behind her. 

Her performance brought a laugh. It'd been cruel to lead her on then drop her, but I wanted her confused, upset and off her stride while I got my head together on how to handle her. I knew I was going to fuck her, especially after I let her suck me off last night. 

I went upstairs for the camcorders and brought them down to the living room. I hooked them to my editing console and grabbed the remotes, then got comfortable on the floor in front of the TV. 

I started the recorder that had been on the dresser, since I’d set that one for a closer focus. The tape ran for a minute, and then, there I was, moving around the room, then settling on the bed. I stared at my image on the screen, not used to seeing this outside perspective. I liked what I saw, a tall, well-muscled man, still firm from a youth spent in physical pursuits. My face had a character I hadn't noticed in the mirror, and the salt and pepper in my hair accented it. My eyes were drawn to my cock, especially after I’d settled on the bed and it took up most of the frame. It looked bigger from the angle I was seeing it from now compared to when I look down at it from above. On the whole, I wasn't to shabby. 

I fast forwarded the tape to the point where Faye first came into view, then slowed it to normal speed and watched her suck my cock. There was Faye from her tits up, and me, from my knees to the middle of my chest, clear as day. I was amazed at the quality of the picture; I hadn't really expected anything usable. What was really surprising was that the tape had caught every word she said. I ran through the tape, stopping every so often to savor the memory and relive the experience. I ran the come shot more than a dozen times, till I had every move and sensation perfectly in synch. It was difficult not to pull out my cock and jerk-off, but I wanted a full load ready the first time I fucked my hot little niece. And I wanted something left for the next three or four times. 

I scanned the tape from the window and smiled as I began to compose my movie. I had two full length tapes, one in close-up, the other a longer shot showing the entire room. I put a blank tape in the editing deck and started to put it all together. 

  

Part 2 

  

I spent the morning editing my movie, careful to show the actual sequence of events while maintaining a high level of excitement. Production values are important. With two camera angles to work with, I couldn't let one sequence go on long before changing perspective. The final result was comparable to a medium grade adult video. 

The rest of the morning and afternoon were spent on office paper-work. Around 3:30, I wrote Faye a note saying I’d be out late, then went to the office and diddled around for a little while. As I was leaving, I told my secretary that I’d be unavailable, (except for emergencies) for the next couple of days. 

On the way home, I stopped by a little shop Rachel and I had found. Though specializing in exotic clothes for rock bands and new wave types, they had an amazing selection of lingerie. I browsed through the racks of frilly undergarments, picking out the pieces I liked and setting them aside. When I’d finished, I had a pile of bras, panties, garter belts and bustiers that filled the counter. 

With the help of Nancy, the salesgirl, I narrowed my choices to a manageable pile. I was ready to whip out the magic plastic when I remembered that I’d need stockings too. I’d been careful to go through Faye’s dresser and get her sizes before I left the house, but I hadn't seen any stockings, so I’d forgotten all about them. Nancy was very patient in helping me decide on a size, then in picking out several patterns to go with my other selections. 

While waited for an authorization on my credit card, Nancy looked me up and down and said, "I hope your girlfriend realizes just how lucky she is." 

I smiled, quite sure that Faye would so her appreciation in a way that I’d appreciate. "Oh, I'm not sure she does. At least not yet." 

Nancy grinned and started to say something, then stopped to listen to the operator on the other end of the line, then wrote something on my charge slip. She had me sign it, then tore off my copy. Before she handed it to me, she wrote something on the back. "If your lady friend doesn't like your taste in clothes, give me a call. I love to wear this stuff, and love men who'll buy it for me!" She was smiling as she said it, but her eyes held a lustful gleam that was unmistakable. 

"I’ll remember that, but tell me something," I said quietly, leaning closer so the other clerk couldn't hear me. "Would you mind sharing that guy with another woman?" 

Nancy's face took on a hard, almost mask-like appearance. She looked around, then said, "Not at all, would you like me to bring one with me?" 

She was serious! I swallowed, trying to ease my suddenly tight throat. "No, I have someone in mind, but she's inexperienced and would have to be led, slowly, gently, so she wouldn't be afraid." 

"Ummm, that sounds delightful," Nancy smiled coyly. "Do you think this could happen any time soon?" 

I just shrugged my shoulders, "I'm not really sure," I said casually, but I was already trying to figure out whether I could get Rachel to go for something like this if Faye wouldn't. "If I'm lucky, it'll be real soon, but you never know." I held up the charge slip and said, "Even if I don't get lucky, you'll be hearing from me." 

She handed me my bags and smiled at me. "I’d better!" she said. "Remember, I have your phone number too!" 

I laughed and walked out into the gathering dusk of almost 7:00pm. 

I stopped at Reubin’s for a light supper and a couple of drinks. 

It was just after 9:00 when I left the restaurant and drove to Rachel's house. I knew she wasn't home so I let myself in and walked over to the bar to make myself another drink. I went into the bath-room and turned on the water for the tub. Rachel has this huge bathtub, its almost a pool, and it takes a while to fill. While I waited, I went into the bedroom and picked out a comfortable shirt and a pair of slacks from my side of the closet. 

Going back into the bathroom, sat my drink down on the side of the tub and undressed, dropping my clothes in a pile on the floor. When I was finished, I stepped into the tub and sat down slowly, letting my body adjust to the heat. Once I got settled, I turned off the water and lay back. Although I hadn't meant to, I fell asleep sitting up in the tub, drink in hand. 

It was after 1:00 when I woke up. I got out of the tub, dried off and went into the bedroom to dress. As I was putting on my shoes, I noticed the message light on Rachel's answering machine flashing. I hit the play button. Rachel's voice came from the speaker. 

"Max? Are you there honey?... I guess not. I called your house. 

Faye said you had a date with me tonight, so I guessed you were dodging her. I... I was just lying here, trying to go to sleep, but I can't seem to stop thinking about you. I want so much to feel you in my arms, to feel you inside me! God I miss your big cock right now." 

I grinned at her antics. Here she was, 2500 miles away and she wants a phone fuck. 

"...gers sliding in and out of my pussy, pretending that its your cock, but it just isn't the same. It feels good, rubbing my clit like this, but I want a real cock, your cock. Oh, shit, this isn't any fun without you talking back to me. I'm gonna hang-up. Call me later if you get this message. Bye now." 

"I'm really sorry, Rache, but I've got plans for this evening." I laughed and went out to my car, pleased that the alcohol I’d had earlier had worn off. 

I drove home on autopilot, fantasizing what I’d do with Faye. It was obvious that she had experience, at least in sucking cock. I wondered if she'd learned how to fuck. 

Pulling into the driveway, I parked my car and sat for a few minutes. My cock was already hard as a rock, eager to dip into the channel of Faye’s tight young cunt. But I wasn't sure that I would fuck her right away. 

I got out of the car and walked up to the front door, and an idea formed as I walked. I went inside and slipped off my shoes, then crept up the stairs, stopping to peek over the top to see if Faye’s light was on. Her room was dark, but the door was standing open partway. I moved slowly up the remaining stairs and walked quietly over to the door and looked in. 

God, she's beautiful, I thought as I stared at her firm young body. She lay naked on her stomach, hugging her pillow. Her legs spread wide, one of them bent at the knee, inviting a nocturnal visitor. I knelt at the foot of her bed, eyes wandering up and down her sleeping form, always returning to the soft shadowy crotch. 

After several minutes I reached out carefully and caressed her leg, starting at the calf and gently working up. I kept my touch light, almost like a feather. If she were really asleep, I didn't want to wake her. My fingers danced over the soft, smooth skin of her inner thigh, then brushed the warm, hairless lips of her pussy. She was dry to the touch, and her breathing remained unchanged. I re-treated carefully, pulling my hand back, then stood up and left the room quietly. I had preparations to make. 

I went to my room and undressed quickly, then changed into an old pair of sweatpants and a tee shirt. I got the tape I’d edited that morning and walked back to Faye’s room, setting it in plain sight on her dresser. I went downstairs and out to my car for the lingerie I’d bought earlier. It was a difficult choice, but I settled on a dark green bustier with black trim, a black garter belt, a tiny black g-string and translucent stockings with butterfly clocking. I put the outfit in box and left it on the coffee table where I knew she'd see it. 

I went back up the stairs and into Faye’s room. She'd turned onto her back while I was away and her charms lay out before me. I moved to the foot of the bed and knelt, elbows resting on the mattress. 

She was flat on her back, one arm thrown up over her head, the other across her softly rounded tummy. The fingers just touched her little beard of pubic hair. Her legs were open, one of them was bent, the foot drawn up to touch the inside of her other knee. Her pretty, little bald cunt was open to my gaze, but the way was blocked. 

I watched carefully for any sign that she was awake as I moved up onto the bed. My knees were still on the floor, but my upper body was on the bed, and she was within easy reach of my trembling hands. I was about to slide her leg to the side when she grunted and tossed her head, then drew her leg up even further. Her foot dropped over the edge of the bed. 

Reaching up cautiously, hands shaking with fear and excitement, I caressed the inner surface her thighs. I slid my hands up toward the bare pink lips of her cunt, then pulled back. I repeated the process, coming closer and closer to her soft, pink portal with every stroke. The caress had an immediate effect. Faye moaned and spread her legs even wider. I slid my hands up over her thighs once more, and when I reached her smooth, hairless pussy, stroked the back of one finger lightly up and down over the soft pink flesh. 

She moaned, but didn't move or show any other sign of waking up. 

Emboldened by my luck so far, I continued my lazy stroking, and was soon rewarded by a moistening of the creamy flesh. I bent my finger and knuckled the unfurling lips of her dampening cunt. I slowly spread the warm liquid around as it leaked from her still unseen little hole. 

My finger shone wetly in the light from the hall, and I couldn't resist taking a taste. As I drew my hand back, she moaned from the loss, and her own hand drifted down to cup the abandoned slit. One finger slipped inside and she stroked it up and down several times, then stopped and lay still. I raised my finger to my nose and sniffed it, my cock throbbing at the aroma. I couldn't long resist. I put the finger in my mouth and sucked, soaking it with my saliva, marveling at the tart, tangy flavor of this woman-child. 

When the finger was clean I returned it to her wide open crotch and teased it with the spit-slick tip. Her hips tilted up as my finger slid into the hot pink trough of her cunt. She groaned again and moved her hand, letting my eager fingers explore her tender flesh. I grew bolder, moving a second finger into the well soaked slit. My fingers massaged the soft nubbin of her clit, firm and hard under their light caress. I stroked the erect little nub harder as she began grinding her hips up to meet my strokes. 

Watching her turned me on incredibly. Her cunt looked more than ready for me to snack on. I removed my fingers and licked them clean. I pulled myself up onto the bed and lay between her legs, my face inches from her drooling cunt. I dipped my head down and kissed the inside of one thigh, then the other. Her legs opened wider, as if pulled back by unseen strings. 

I pressed my mouth to her soft nether lips, letting my tongue dart out, then dragged it slowly up the length of her slit, scooping up droplets of her spicy girl-come. I repeated the stroke again and again, basking in the heady taste and aroma of her fresh young cunt. I had to have more; not just a few drops, but hot, thick streams pouring into my mouth. I lashed my tongue over her little clit, my nimble lips caught the stiff nubbin and caressed it, making her shudder and cry out. 

I froze, her clit still held firmly between my lips, but my tongue paused, for just a moment. I began licking and sucking again, this time, bringing my fingers into play. I held the slippery lips open with one hand and pressed two stiff fingers of the other against her dripping cunt, easing them inside the tightly clasping channel. 

She groaned and shifted toward me, and I felt her hand on the back of my head. I didn't care now if she was awake or not, I wasn't going to stop until I’d feasted on the rich, thick cream she'd give me as she came. 

I sucked harder on her clit, pressing my fingers deeper into her cunt at the same time. My fingers drove in past the tight ring and I imagined what those muscles would feel like squeezing lovingly around my cock, but that was for later. Right now, I satisfied myself with making her come so I could drink down my spicy reward. 

She was groaning openly now, and humped her hips down onto my fingers as I twisted them around in her tightly clasping channel. Her hand still twined my hair, guiding my tongue as it danced over her clit. Her free hand came down and tugged at the fingers of the hand I was spreading her lips with. I let her pull it free. She was spread wide for my sucking tongue and searching fingers. She pulled my hand up over her heaving stomach onto the spongy globe of her breast. She held my hand in hers, showing me how to squeeze her tit and nipple. 

It was clear that she was approaching orgasm very quickly. The soft, slick walls of her cunt squeezed my fingers as I stroked at the little nerve bundle at its roof. I massaged her tender cunt walls, increasing the pressure with each stroke. My tongue was lashing madly on her clit, driving her up to and over her peak. 

Her legs squeezed suddenly shut, trapping me between her thighs. 

Both hands pressed down on my head, holding me firmly in place as she bucked and thrashed in the throes of orgasm. 

I jerked my fingers from her cunt and slid my hands under her, cupping the firm round cheeks of her ass, lifting her hips from the bed and settled my head between her quivering thighs. I locked my lips around the spasming hole and sucked hungrily. A thick, rich stream of hot nectar gushed into my mouth, and I swallowed eagerly. My tongue shot out and slid deep into her cunt, lapping at the creamy juice and urging her to the peak. 

She humped frantically up at my face, grinding her slick pussy lips into my mouth. I kept licking and sucking, gathering her fragrant cream. After several minutes of intense spasms, she began to relax; her legs fell open and eased the hold on my head. I stayed where I was, licking her sloppy wet cunt and the insides of her thighs, cleaning stray droplets from the soft, trembling flesh. When I finished, I pushed her legs the rest of the way open and looked up at her. Her eyes were still closed, and she was breathing heavily, but her smile was beatific. I stood up and backed out of the room. 

Walking down the hall, I wiped her sticky juices from my cheeks and licked it from my fingers. When I got to my room, I closed the door, making sure that it was locked, then dropped onto the bed and lay there, staring up at the ceiling, waiting for her. 

It took longer than I expected for her to notice that I was gone. 

It was almost ten minutes later that I heard the doorknob rattling. She tried the knob several more times, then knocked softly, calling my name. After a few minutes, she gave up and went away. 

I just lay there. Finally, I reached down and wrapped a hand around the stalk of my cock and stroked it lazily several times. I fell asleep like that a few minutes later. 

  

Part 3 

  

When I woke the next morning the sun was already high and shining fiercely in my bedroom window. I rolled over and looked at the clock on the nightstand. Quarter after eleven. 

It felt good to sleep six or seven hours straight, uninterrupted by dreams. I sat up and stretched mightily, wincing as I felt a sudden sharp pain. I poked my stomach cautiously, and was relieved when I figured out that it was just my bladder. My mornings erection wasn't because of Faye after all. I had to piss like a gorilla. 

I got up and padded barefoot to the bathroom, glancing in Faye’s room as I went by. The room was empty and the bed was made. I stopped and walked inside. Looking around, I noticed that the tape was no longer on the dresser. I smiled to myself. I hoped she'd like it. 

The pressure on my bladder reminded me that I had other business to take care of, so I turned around and went on toward the bathroom. The big mirror behind the door was still foggy from her shower. I hadn't expected her to skip school. I thought I’d have the day to get ready for whatever was going to happen next. 

I dropped my pants around my ankles, pointed my rock hard cock at the toilet and waited for the golden stream to start. No such luck. Trying to go through a piss hard-on is like splitting atoms with a chisel, it just don't happen. 

Sighing in frustration, I shrugged off my tee shirt and stepped out of my sweats, and got into the shower. I could smell her shampoo as I turned on the water and cycled it down till it was as cold as I could stand. It took longer than I’d hoped, but my hard-on gradually began to wilt. I turned the water to a warmer setting and began to piss happily, leaning back against the shower wall, watching the warm yellow rain mix with the shower water and run gurgling down the drain. 

I read somewhere once that the absence of pain is the greatest aphrodisiac. I couldn't have agreed more at that moment. As the last drops trickled through my cock I shuddered eerily. 

I bent down, resting my butt against the wall and stuck my head under the spray, shaking to wet my hair. I stood there for a couple of minutes just soaking in the tingling stream. Finally, I grabbed the shampoo and started to wash my hair. I let the soap soak in and grabbed my razor. I always shaved in the shower since it cut almost ten minutes off my bathroom time. When I finished, I rinsed the shampoo from my hair, grabbed the soap and a washcloth from the holder and started scrubbing vigorously. 

I soaped my body quickly, lingering on my cock, feeling it harden slowly as I ran my soapy hand up and down its length. I stopped myself after a dozen or so strokes and rinsed off, then cranked the hot water all the way off. I nearly screamed when the cold water hit me, but forced myself to stand in it, turning slowly so it covered me completely. After one complete rotation, I leapt out of the stall. Standing on the mat, shivering furiously, I reached back and turned the water off as I grabbed at the towel rack. I dried off quickly and wrapped the towel around my waist, then opened the door and stepped out into the hall. 

I almost went back to my room, but realized that I’d rather see if Faye were still home. I jogged down the stairs, cock flopping happily between my legs. Clearing the foot of the stairs, I saw that the TV was on in the living room. 

The movie I’d put together was playing on the VCR. The back of Faye’s head rested on the arm of the couch, and I heard her breathing heavily as she watched the action unfold. I stepped closer and noticed the box I’d left on the coffee table lying on the floor. It was empty. 

"So. What do you think?" I said, standing in the doorway, watching the movie unfold. 

Her hand came into view for a moment as she pointed the remote at the TV and paused the picture. "I think you're an absolute bastard for leaving me alone last night," she said. She didn't get up, so I stayed where I was too. "Do you realize that I had to play with my poor little pussy for more than an hour before I could get back to sleep? I think you're just a mean old tease!" 

"I'm sorry to hear that," I said, "but I meant, ‘What do you think of the movie so far’?" 

"Oh, I love it. You know..." She paused, and a slim, stockinged leg rose over the top of the couch. Her hands came up and slid down from the ankle, then out of sight, as she smoothed it out. She was wearing a pair of black pumps with what had to be four-inch heels, and I mentally kicked myself for missing that detail. "...I never noticed how photogenic I am. You got my good side on the close-ups." 

"I'm glad you like it. And the other?" 

"The other? Wha... Oh, that. Well," she said as she stood slowly and turned to face me. "I like your taste in clothes, Max." She came around the end of the couch and walked toward me. "How did you know green was my color?" 

"I wanted something to complement your eyes." I said, my voice catching in my throat at her beauty. "Please stop. Just stay..." 

"Oh no," she laughed, "It's a little late for that, Max. You're going to get just what you deser..." 

"No!" I cried, stepping toward her, my prick beginning to tent the fabric of the towel. "I want it, but that wasn't what I meant." I stood in front of her, letting my eyes roam over her. 

Full, ripe tits pushed up over the cups of her bustier, stiff nipples poking through the shiny material. The outfit highlighted her hourglass figure, forcing my eyes to the contrast between her tiny waist and the rich swelling of hips and breasts. The garter belt drew my eyes down the short expanse of bare thighs to the sheer, patterned stockings. My eyes continued downward, to her dainty feet, encased now in rich black leather. As my eyes moved back up her body, I noticed that the crotch of her tiny panties was wet. My cock throbbed pain-fully and my balls began to ache. I was sorry now that I hadn't jerked off the night before. 

"I just wanted to look at you. You look so, so..." 

"Fuckable?" 

"Exactly!" I stepped back again, then walked around her, circling her slowly as I savored the effect the clothes had on her. "But I want to enjoy this..." 

"Oh, you'll enjoy every minute of it, Max." She spread her legs and planted her hands on her hips, leaning toward me as I came back around in front of her. "I'm going to fuck and suck and play with you till you beg me to stop. But I won't. I’ll just keep on teasing you till you dry up and die from pleasure!" She grabbed my cock through the towel. 

The damp cloth loosened around my waist, and I pulled back slightly, letting it fall completely free. We stood like that for a moment, then Faye released her grip and let the towel fall to the floor. Faye looked down at my cock as it stood straight out from my body, just inches from her panty covered crotch. She stepped forward and I felt my cock slide between her thighs, brushing against the moist material covering her cunt. She pressed herself against me as she wrapped her arms around her waist. "Are we through teasing now, Max?" she smiled, grinding her hips in a slow circle, making my dick slide in and out between her creamy soft thighs. "Are you ready to get down to the real thing?" 

I smiled at her as I reached down and cupped the firm round cheeks of her ass, pulling her tighter to me then humping my cock at her. 

"The teasing is the real thing, little girl." I drew my hips back slowly and released my hold on her. I walked over to the couch and picked up the remote. I pressed the play button as I sat down on the floor. I looked at her over my shoulder. "What do you say we watch a little of this movie?" 

"I've already seen it," she said as she walked around the end of the couch. She stood next to the coffee table, then sat down on the carpet and lay back. She rolled over on her side, coming to rest propped up on her elbow. 

"I think you've seen it, too," she said as she slowly drew her leg up until the thin spike heel was resting on the floor. Her legs were spread wide and the damp crotch of her panties drew my eyes like a magnet. "Wouldn't you rather have a live performance?" 

I was glad she was going to play the game my way. I leaned over, propping myself up on my own elbow, copying her position. I brought my hand down and wrapped my fingers around the base of my cock and stroked it lazily. 

"That would depend," I said slowly, milking the thick head of my cock in my palm, coating with my drooling pre-come then holding it out, just inches from her face, "on who was performing, wouldn't it?" 

"Yes?" she purred. Her tongue dancing out to taste the proffered morsel. Her hand slid into her crotch and pulled aside the skimpy panties. The bald little cunt glistened. She dipped her fingers into the sopping slit and dragged them slowly from top to bottom. "I imagine that a joint performance would be preferred." 

She removed her hand, and lifted it to her lips. It was covered with her juice. She held the slimy digits under her nose, inhaling lightly, then opened her mouth. "I'm sorry," she said, stopping just before the fingers entered her mouth. "Would you like a taste?" She extended her hand, holding it just in front of my face. 

"No, I don't think so," I managed to say calmly. I slid closer to her, and moved down until my face was even with the junction of her creamy thighs. I could smell the rich aroma of her sex, and my mouth watered eagerly. "You go right ahead. I think I’d rather get it from the source." I lowered my head, preparing to lap up the sparkling droplets on her thighs when she rolled away and stood up. 

"Maybe you're right," she purred, bringing her fingers to her mouth. She licked at the sticky cream coating her fingers, and her eyes lit up. "This is good!" she said as she pushed the fingers into her mouth and began to suck on them. When she'd cleaned them to her satisfaction, she dropped her hand down to her pussy and scooped up anther handful. "I like this," she said, licking at her fingers, the turning her hand to capture a drop as it ran down her wrist. "I'm not sure I want to share it now." 

"That's too bad," I said, as I grabbed her ankle and pulled her down next to me. I rolled on top of her, grabbing her hand and bringing it to my mouth. I licked at her fingers hungrily, then stopped and smiled down at her. "You're right; it is pretty good." I licked her hand clean while she wriggled underneath me. "But this is cold. I really love it hot, right out of a nice tight pussy." I kissed her lightly, then rolled off of her and stood up. 

As I started walking toward the door, I heard her scrambling to her feet behind me. 

"Wait!" she cried, as she came after me. "You're not playing fair! 

You say you want to fuck and then you say you want to tease, and then you don't do anything!" 

I stopped and turned around, waiting for her to get closer. She stopped in front of me, her chest flushed and heaving, face clouded with confusion. I stood looking at her for a moment, then smiled. 

"That's right," I said as I rammed my hand between her thighs, making her gasp. My fingers drilled into her sopping pussy, and her eyes rolled back in her head. She sagged against me, limp as a rag doll. "You teased and used me for two weeks!" I jammed my fingers deeper, making her moan, then jerked them from her roughly. "And now.... well, now you can wait. Just like I did." 

I turned and walked slowly up the stairs, my cock wagging up and down in long arcs as I walked. When I reached the halfway point, I turned. "Well? Are you coming or not?" 

She squealed in delight and ran up the stairs toward me. 

I turned and jogged up the steps, and had just reached my bedroom when she plowed into me from behind. We fell onto the bed in a tangled heap. 

Her hands were all over me and I was just as busy fondling and caressing her fantastic body. Her hand found the rigid stalk of my cock, and she gripped it fiercely, stoking it at breakneck speed. I felt her hand on my hip, pushing me over onto my back. 

Her mouth dropped down onto my cock and it felt like a bucket of warm honey had been poured over it. She drooled heavily all over the thick shaft, and her tongue lashed madly around the head. I groaned, bucking my hips up at her and pulling her around until her hot wet pussy was over my mouth. 

I pressed my face up into the fragrant flesh and stabbed my tongue deep into her. My lips tugged at the puffy labia as my tongue darted between them. I sucked at her hungrily and was rewarded with a spurt of her hot, spicy cream. I groaned and sucked even harder at her drooling cunt, raking the tender flesh with my teeth in my eagerness to get more of her sweet nectar. 

Faye moaned pitifully around my cock as I ate her pussy. She drove her face down over my cock, forcing the fat knob into her throat again and again. My balls contracted sharply, drawing up tightly in their wrinkled sac, and I felt a spasm run the length of my shaft. 

She felt it too, because she re-doubled her efforts, bringing her hands into play, she shucked one hand up and down my cock in time with the movements of her head. Her other hand squeezed my balls roughly, making me arch my back and drive the head of my cock even deeper into her throat. 

Her nose collided with the washboard muscle of my stomach and I grunted into her slippery snatch. My tongue slipped up the sloppy trough, and lashed at the stiff bud of her clit. I suckled at the sensitive little nub, drawing it between my lips and sucking hard. A fresh flood poured out over my nose and ran thickly down my cheeks, but I was too busy to stop and lap it up. 

We sucked at each other for long minutes, twisting and rolling about on the bed, each eager to force the other over the brink, hungry for the creamy climax of our reward. Faye’s thighs finally tensed around my head, and she began grinding frantically down onto my face. 

My cock drove into her throat. I hugged her tightly, pulling her cunt down to my mouth as she began to shake, rough spasms. Her legs jerked uncontrollably. I felt my own orgasm approaching quickly, so I started working my hips, fucking her face. 

She screamed around my cock as she came, and I planted my mouth over the slippery hole of her cunt and drove my tongue in deep. She screamed into my cock again and squeezed my balls fiercely. A white flare of pain burst behind my eyes and I felt my balls contract, then pulse mightily and release their creamy cargo. 

Faye’s cunt spewed rivers of tart, tangy nectar into my mouth as my cock flexed, then spat a huge wad of cum. The slimy missile flew down her throat, straight into her stomach. She groaned hungrily and pulled her head back until just the head of my cock was between her lips. Her hand kept up its steady rhythm, and she milked my balls gently, urging them to feed her more of the cream she craved. 

I was trying to force my cock deeper into her mouth when the next load blasted into her throat. She gulped, then swallowed quickly as she tried to keep up with the flow. 

I was just as busy as I tried to slurp down every drop of juice that spewed from her hole. As her succulent offering slowed to a trickle, I pulled back slightly and began to lick around the outer lips of her pussy and the tops of her thighs, lapping up the anything I could. I could feel her slowing down as she sucked out the last dribble of my own orgasm. 

Finally, she pulled her mouth off my cock and slid off me. She rolled onto her back, panting heavily. 

After a moment, I managed to push myself up onto my elbows and looked down at her. She was soaked with sweat, and her crotch was a sloppy mess. The g-string panties she'd had on were stretched out of shape and hung off to one side. 

I felt a sudden twitch in my cock and when I looked down, I was surprised to see that I was still hard. Very Hard. 

I smiled and moved around until I was between her legs, pushing them open as I pulled myself up over her slowly. 

She smiled dreamily, and wrapped her arms around me. She hugged me to her, then opened her eyes and looked up at me. "That was wonderful," she whispered sleepily. A brief pause, and then she continued: 

"I knew you'd be a great fuck." Her eyes closed again. 

I kept moving up until the head of my cock slipped between the puffy lips of her tight little cunt. Her eyes flew open in surprise as I kept moving forward, pressing my cock past the muscular ring at the opening and slipping inside. She groaned happily deep in her throat as half my cock bulled into her tender, tight channel. 

"Slow," she said as she drew her legs up and wrapped them around my back. "It's so good when you go slow. Unh. Yeah!" 

I agreed. Her cunt was a velvet vise that squeezed and massaged my cock. My hips made small, slow circles, forcing more cock into her with every stroke. After several minutes of this maddening pace, the head of my cock bumped the rough muscle of her cervix and I picked up they pace. Faye responded, pulling me tighter against her and meeting my strokes. 

"Yeah, that's it, Max!" she purred huskily in my ear. "Gimme all that big cock! Come on, ram it in now! Give it to me!" 

I slipped my arms under her and spread my legs wider, hunching up so I was resting on my knees and elbows. I started shuttling her up and down on my cock, tossing her about like a doll as I slammed my cock into her with vigorous tip-to-root lunges. 

"Oh, God! Th...that’s f...fantastic!" she managed to say, her words coming in time to my strokes. She quit trying to talk and pulled my head down into the hollow of her throat. She moaned a strange noise in my ear as my cock drove in. I ignored her. I was too busy trying to come and keep from suffocating at the same time. 

My hips were slamming against her brutally, and her nipples scraped my chest as I rocked her back and forth under me. Loud slapping and slurping noises filled the room as we fucked each other frantically. 

I felt her wrap her fingers in my hair, then my head was jerked back roughly. I looked down, and almost didn't recognize my own niece. Her face was screwed up in an animal grimace, her teeth bared menacingly. "Fuck me!" she panted harshly up at me. She dug sharp heels into the cheeks of my ass as she humped her wildly sucking cunt up at my pistoning prick. 

I picked up the pace, arching my hips to escape her heels, but she just dug them in deeper, spurring me on. 

I was fucking her harder than I could ever remember fucking anyone before. Our bodies merged into a perfect rhythm as we drove furiously toward our orgasm. 

I felt the tell-tale spasm just at the base of my cock and knew that I was going to bust my nut any second now. I drove into her with a ferocious cunt cramming stroke and opened my eyes just in time to see us tumble off the side of the bed. 

My cock slammed against, then through, the clenched ring of her cervix, and I exploded, spewing a fresh load directly into her womb. 

Faye screamed in agony-ecstacy-delight-delirium-her eyes had disappeared into her head, and her jaw was clamped shut so tightly the muscles bulged. She was shuddering uncontrollably and banging her head on the floor as new spasms rocked her. 

I started to pull out, my own orgasm forgotten in my fear. I was sure that I had hurt her; that I would have to explain to paramedics, then doctors and finally to the police, just what had happened to her. But Faye had other ideas. 

When she felt me begin to withdraw, her eyes flew open and locked onto mine. She hugged me even tighter against her, raking my back savagely with her long nails and jamming her heels viciously into my ass. 

I drove back into the musky maelstrom of her cunt and held on for dear life as she rode me like a bronco buster. I realized that I was still coming, or at least shooting thick loads into her as muscles deep inside her cunt milked at my cock. 

We stayed that way for a long time. After a while, I started to feel like a spectator. My back was starting to hurt from the scratches. I could feel blood running down and dripping off my sides. So really I couldn't help it when my cock started to soften, wilting like a sunflower left too long on the shade. 

Faye arched up at me, searching for my shrinking cock. She'd regained some of her composure, because after several attempts, she finally manage to speak. 

"Please," She whimpered hoarsely, "fuck me! Don't stop, it's never been like this before." Tears streamed down her cheeks as she looked up at me, pleading. 

"I'm sorry," I whispered and kissed her lightly. "I can't help it." 

I relaxed on top of her and rested for a moment. I rocked back and forth a couple of times then rolled over onto my back, carrying her with me. 

She moved her legs and wiggled her hips around, getting situated on top of me. Her pussy was still working on the limp shaft of my cock, sucking at it hard enough to draw it into and then hold it inside of her. 

She lay out on top of me, and after a few minutes, her breathing became deep and regular. She'd fallen asleep. 

I lay there for a little while, wondering what I had gotten myself into. I wasn't worried about the legal problems involved anymore. I was beginning to worry about my health. Eventually, I fell asleep myself. 
  
  
Back to Main
