Mistress Judy

One of the things that made sessions with Mistress Judy so very
unpredictable was the way in which she could orchestrate pain, pleasure
and passion.   Her ability to wield her dominance over me was like nothing
I had ever experienced before or since.   One of the best sessions that we
had was like this.
It had begun in an ordinary manner.   I had approached her room and
kneeling outside the door had knocked.   At her command I opened the door,
asked permission to enter, and then did so.  Kneeling inside the door I
then closed it and waited for her orders.
Mistress was sitting in an easy chair by her bed reading.  From where I
knelt I saw the open closet doors and the toy chest sitting open ready to
hand.   Laid out on the floor before the dresser was a black bustier,
hose, panties and high heels.
Looking up from her magazine Mistress gave me her command, "Get your
clothes off and dress yourself in what I have laid out for you."
Eagerly I strip nude and fold my clothes by the door.  Standing I pause to
let the Mistress examine me, and see that I have obeyed her orders and
have shaved my legs and crotch clean.   My penis rises with excitement as
I stand under her gaze.
As Mistress Judy examines me I take quick careful glances and bask in the
sight of her beauty.   At 5'8" with short black hair and flashing green
eyes, her well endowed figure is accented with the white bustier that
holds her rounded breasts on display.   Over the garters holding up her
white stockings, silken panties conceal from view her lush pubic mounds,
where a hint of dampness at her crotch reveals her own arousal and
excitement.
The roundness of her legs is enhanced by the white patent leather ankle
high heeled boots she wears.  Noticing my worshipping gaze she smiles and
points to the clothes on the floor, "Hurry and dress my little slut, I
have a desire for some slave tongue action."
I tremble and nearly cum then and there as I hurry over to dress.   My
waist is nipped in as I fasten the bustier close about it.  Drawing the
laces closed tightly encases my lower chest and stomach causing me to
breath shallowly in my excitement.
Sitting on the floor I carefully pick up a sheer silken stocking and
rolling it up as Mistress has taught me slowly cross my legs and place my
left foot deep into the toe of the stocking.   Slowly I caress my leg as I
draw the smooth material up and over my foot and around my ankle.  
Languorously I pull it up my leg covering it in the sheer silken caress of
the hose.   Rising on my knee I fasten the garter to the front and back of
the stocking top.
Easing back on my seat I stretch the leg out and enjoy the play of light
and dark along the length of my limb.   Again I roll up a stocking and in
like manner garb my right leg in hose.
Standing I bend and fasten the garters about the hem of stocking and step
about in bustier and hose for a moment.  Now I bend and step into the
panties that have been laid out.   Tight and french cut the waist band
snugs my hips just below the lower edge of the bustier and my cheeks are
barely covered by the silken caress of them.   My cock is pulled taut and
snug in front and I thrill at this tight passive caress.
It is the work of a moment to step into the high heel pumps and stand
before my Mistress in my working slut garb as she calls it.   At her
direction I walk about the room feeling the twist and sway of my hips as I
strut about.
Now I kneel before my Mistress and kiss her feet while she decides what
training I will be receiving.   Standing she walks to the Toy Box and
returns.   Her hands caress my throat and I am carefully collared.  With a
gentle tug at the  attached leash I stand and present my wrists to her to
be secured behind my back.  Kneeling she shackles my ankles together and
double locks all the cuffs.
My steps are kept short and mincing as Mistress leads me to stand before
her where she reclines on the bed.   Lying back she presents her heeled
boots to me, "Put your slave tongue to work on these for a bit."
Kneeling at the side of the bed I apply my lips and tongue to serving her.
  I enjoy the smooth texture of the leather uppers on my lips as I slowly
savor the twin flavors of the leather and the aroma of the Mistress.  I
revel in the opportunity to show my humble devotion at the chance to be
used so.
Now I work my way to the heel of first one and then the other boot,
slowly, ever so slowly fellating the slender length of the spike heel as I
worship at her feet.
After a time she notices that I have finished with the boots and she
directs me to remove them with my teeth and work on her feet.   Using only
my lips, tongue and teeth I untie the laces of her ankle high boots and
slowly savor the aroma of her feet until the time I may begin to bathe
them with my tongue.
My tongue caresses the rough texture of the hose as I carefully bathe her
feet with my kisses.   As a reward for my oral devotion she reaches out
and touches my cheek with her hand.   Reaching down she grasps the length
of my leash and draws me upward until I am kneeling before her on the bed.
Rising on one elbow she draws me near and covers my mouth with hers. 
Helplessly I respond to her kiss and open my mouth to her invading tongue.
 Breathlessly I gasp at my arousal as she thrusts her tongue deep between
my unresisting lips.
Now she lies me on my back in her arms and begins to caress my body in its
feminine garb.   Softly she pinches my nipples and they swell in response
to the pleasurable pain.   Her mouth closes in on them and I tingle as she
begins to suck on the sensitive flesh.  Her hands drift down past my waist
and gently cup my cock and balls teasing me through the wispy material of
the panties to a hard, firm erection.
Now with her hands cupping her breasts she offers me hers to kiss with my
lips, and I waste no time before I suckle on her soft warm flesh.   Her
nipple is soft and supple but under my devotion becomes hard and rounded. 
 A quiet purring noise from her throat indicates that I have succeeded in
arousing her.
Gently I flick my tongue around the nipples and surrounding aurorae,
pausing to suck harder and nibble softly on her twin mounds.   Her hands
on my shoulders push me downward to bring my lips to a level with her
panties and I gaze at the translucent material that is wet and slick with
the evidence of her arousal.
I inhale and savor the aroma of her femininity until her hands roughly
force my face into her crotch and I am helplessly surrounded by her scent.
  At the silent insistent urging of her hands I open my mouth and begin to
lick and suck at her mound through the filmy material of her panties.
My tongue traces the shape of her mound as my nose nuzzles at her clit and
I feel the added wetness of her arousal across my lips.  Roughly she
forces me away from her crotch as she shifts around and pulls her panties
down over her hips.
"Now slave, eat me," she commands, and I hasten to obey as she lies back
to enjoy my service.
Slowly I spread her labia with my tongue, lapping up her nectar and
savoring the flavor of her hidden depths.   As I lay on my belly my legs
curled up, with my wrists pinioned behind me, and my ankles shackled
together I move forward as best I can so as to enjoy the feast I have been
offered.
My tongue thrusts deeply into her sacred depths and I slide it up and down
her slit to arouse her completely.   I alternate about a dozen tongue
thrusts with three or four slow languid licks the length of her slit and
gradually I sense her complete arousal as she concentrates on the
sensations I am creating.
Now I rise upward a fraction of an inch and lightly slide my questing
tongue across her clit.   I am rewarded with a small tremor of her thigh
muscles and I know it is only a matter of time until I bring her to the
brink of passion.
Gradually I bring my lips to her clit and surround it with them as I allow
my tongue to lick and slide across the surface of it.   Slow circular
strokes are alternated with quick side to side flicks or rapid in and out
lizards' tonguing.   Now the tremors in her thighs are more pronounced and
accompanied by moaning and inarticulate guttural growling noises.
I concentrate my attention to her clit, sucking hard upon it and tongue
lashing it with the tip of my tongue rubbing down on it.   This is too
much for the Mistress to endure for long and she goes over the brink with
a cry of pleasure, bucking her hips and throwing me loose for the moment.
Before me scant inches beyond my reach lay her spasming cunt and I quiver
with the effort to crawl to her on my belly.  My legs uncurl and drop over
the edge of the bed and my high heels fall to the floor as I try to squirm
back to my place between the Mistresses thighs.
Suddenly she is sliding back away from me and sitting up and I gaze up
awkwardly into her angry features.
"Where are your high heels, my Pretty One?" she demands.
     "They came off," I explain limply.
"They came off?" she asks dangerously.   "I don't recall giving you
permission to take anything off slut."   Reaching forward she grasps my
leash as she slides off the bed and stands beside it.   Pulling me to the
side of the bed by it she leads me to stand at the foot of it where the
high heels lie on the floor.
"I can see that we need to give you quite a bit of severe training.  
Perhaps we can remind you not to remove your clothing without permission."
  So saying she turns to the closet and the waiting Toy Box.
"Put your heels back on slut, and get ready for some strict training."
Trembling with mixed fear and anticipation I slip my feet into the high
heels where they lay on the floor and stand to await the pleasure of the
Mistress.
Standing before the Mistresses bed, I listen as Mistress pulls out various
things from the Toy Box.   Stalking to stand in front of me Mistress looks
me over before she begins to add extra bonds for my training.
First are the leather ankle cuffs with rings and heel straps.  Kneeling
she lifts my foot from the floor and slips the ring attached to the back
of the cuff up the spike heel.   The ankle cuff is then closed about my
ankle.   Next she slides the retaining strap under the heel and fastens it
on the other side of the cuff.   Now when the padlock is run through the
eye on the cuff the high heels are doubly fastened secure to my feet and
unable to be removed except at the choice of the Mistress.   It takes but
a moment for her to secure my other ankle with the ring and heel strap
cuff and to the move on.
Now Mistress moves behind me and begins to ease bondage mittens over my
hands and fingers.  Slowly she draws the gloves over my hands and then
seals them within two layers of thick leather and wide wrist cuffs.
With my heels locked on and my hands encased I am commanded to kneel on
the bed on my knees.   Once kneeling my ankles are locked together and
extra straps are laid out on the bed beside me.   Mistress Judy orders me
to bend at the waist and lay my chest on the pillow she sets on the bed
before me.  To ease my position I turn my head to the side and try to
relax.
Now the hand cuffs are removed, and the bondage mittens are locked to the
outside of the ankle cuffs by the rings in the ends of the mittens.
Slowly taking her time Mistress begins to strap my arms to my legs.  First
my left wrist is secured to my left leg just above the cuffs.   Then my
right wrist is strapped to my right leg.   Now a strap is placed about
both legs just above the wrist and ankle straps.
As my body is bound with each additional strap my ass is forced to jut
upward open and vulnerable to the pleasure or punishment of the Mistress. 
 Another set of straps is bound about my arms and another set is fastened
about my legs.  I twist in my bonds and realize that this posture is quite
severe from both the restrictiveness of the ties and the drawn position I
am in.
Straining I attempt to see what the Mistress is planning to do next when
my eyes are covered by a leather and velvet blindfold and I am left to
helplessly await her pleasure in the dark.  While I wait in the dark, two
straps are run from the foot of the bed to where my ankles and hands are
shackled while two more are run from the head of the bed to either side of
my collar.   A wide strap is run beneath my chest, from the sides of the
bed over my arms and legs holding me to the center of the bed.
One by one the straps are pulled taut and I am held immobile in the center
of the bed with my ass jutting upward ready to be used as the Mistress
wishes for my training.
Mistresses footsteps recede and move toward the Toy Chest once more.  In
the dark I hear the sound of her rummaging around in it.  Satisfied she
returns to stand beside me on the bed.
The round rubber ball of the gag is held to my lips and as I open them to
receive it Mistress says,"That's right slave.  I don't even want to hear
your cries as  I give you your punishment.   When I am through with you
tonight you will never remove anything without permission."
Behind the blockage of the ball gag I whimper as the straps are pulled
taut and I am silenced to wait in the dark.
Now the Mistresses hands stroke and caress my bound helpless body,
centering on my ass and crotch.  I quiver at her soft touch through the
filmy material of the panties and revel in my helplessness.   Slowly she
reaches up to the waist band of the panties and begins to roll them down
over the mounds of my ass cheeks.  As the skin of my buttocks is exposed
she breathes on them gently and I thrill to the sensations.
Bit by bit my cheeks are exposed until the panties are down to the dimpled
ridge between my ass and my thighs.   Cool breezes from the ceiling fan
play across them while the touch of the Mistress is warm and gentle.   Now
a jar is opened and something cool and greasy is spread across my cheeks.
"This is just a warm up for what you will be feeling," announced the
Mistress, and I realize that my ass has been covered with Icy-Hot.
With firm strokes the creme is rubbed all over my exposed mounds and I
shiver with the beginning coolness of the Icy-Hot.  As it is rubbed around
it begins to penetrate and add its warmth to the caresses of the Mistress
while at the same time it cools where the fans blows across it.
Now I am left alone for a time in the dark to savor the sensations of my
bonds and my ass.  All attention centers there as I wait in anticipation
of the punishment that is about to be administered.
My cock throbs and swells where it lies tangled in the filmy fabric of the
panties.  I ache to cum but realize that this may not happen or if it does
it will be by the will of the Mistress.
The Icy-Hot begins to work its magic now and all my attention centers on
my ass as it starts to heat up and I moan at the burning sensations I feel
knowing that this is but a hint of what I will be feeling soon.
Nor am I mistaken as Mistress idly trails a finger across my warming
cheeks and says, "You are turning a fine shade of pink my little slut.  I
think you will be ready in a few more minutes."
Now as I wait I try to anticipate just what implement of affection
Mistress will use to chastise me.   Bound as I am nearly anyone of them
would be instructive.
Will it be the Cat with its long clinging cords and sharp stinging knots? 
 Perhaps, but its flexibility is more suited to when I am stretched and
open.  Though there is much to be said for the use of just the tips of the
lashes on my upraised cheeks.
Perchance the Lash?  While the Mistress is capable of wielding itacross my
helpless buns I sense she is more in a mood to apply quantity vs. quality.
Could she be planning on the Cane?  Long, narrow and whippy, I can only
compare its' kiss to the sting of a wasp, leaving a long narrow welt as a
reminder of its' caress.   While I am very open to its' exacting
admonitions the fact that it raises welts (with some minor skin breakage)
coupled with the Icy-Hot makes it less probable that it will be used.
Will it be Paddle?  There are three of these, a leather covered Ping-Pong
Paddle, a Sorority Paddle about 15 by 4 with holes drilled in it, and a
larger, heavier brute that is shaped like a cricket bat only smaller.  
Any of these three could be used to good effect on me as I await the
Mistresses pleasure.
Of course she could also use any of a number of Straps that she has in
supply.   Ranging from a belt or two to a shaving strop these too could be
used to great effect.  Already I want to cry out for mercy but the
blockage of the ball gag renders this option hopeless.   Until the
Mistress desires there  will be no mercy for me.  Only punishment and
training.
Locked in the dark silence with my fears I almost sob in relief when the
Mistress lays her hand on the small of my back and begins to caress my
buttocks with her chosen implement of instruction.   From the smooth
texture I sense that it is the Ping Pong paddle, which in turn means that
she will be using something else, as generally the paddle is used as a
warm up tool.
At once she teases me by pulling the paddle back and swinging swiftly but
not connecting, knowing that my sensitized buttocks can feel the breeze of
the near blow.   In spite of myself I tense up in anticipation, and I hear
the Mistresses low chuckle of amusement.
It is almost with a sense of relief that I greet the first smacking blow
of the Ping Pong Paddle.   Square to center of my right buttocks it is
complimented with another to the left.   Five fall to either side in
alternation, followed by caresses of the smooth surface of the paddle.
Heat and pain follow each successive blow until my ass is a glowing mass
of sensation and I can no longer determine where the heat of the creme and
that of the paddling begins.
The pain increases until I am trying to squirm and get away from the
relentless pounding of the paddle but to no avail.  Within the confinement
of my bonds I am helpless to escape and the Mistresses hand on my back
prevents me from the least degree of freedom.   I am crying behind the
darkness of the blindfold when Mistress Judy stops the paddling.  Between
the pain of the blows and the building heat moving from my cheeks to my
loins I am no longer able to discern where pain ends and pleasure begins.
Casually Mistress moves her hands over my flaming cheeks and feels the
heat that she has created there.
"Such a fine shade of pink you are, my pretty one, it is almost a shame to
have to redden it with the heavy paddle.   But I think that 20 blows from
it should remind you never to remove anything with out permission."
So saying she draws back and delivers a strong hard blow with the Sorority
Paddle.   I scream into the blockage of the ball gag as the pain and heat
of the blow run its course through my already sensitive nerve endings.  
Slowly the pain runs its path and I shiver in anticipation of the rest of
my instruction.
Nor am I disappointed as half a minute later another blow falls, just half
an inch lower than the first.   Again the shock of the blow is followed by
the slow build of heat in my flesh and I quiver beneath the hand of the
Mistress.
Each blow that follows overlaps the other by a small amount spreading the
heat and pain through out the entire surface of my buttocks.   In the
darkness behind the blindfold my entire world is narrowed down to the
flesh between the bottom of the bustier and the top of the panties where
they lie rolled down beneath my cheeks.
I try to move, to escape this relentless pounding of my flesh but to no
avail.   Where the bonds placed on me by the Mistress do not hold me
immobile and defenseless her hand in the small of my back completes the
job, rendering me open and unprotected to her ministrations.
Each blow that falls only serves to underscore and emphasize just how
vulnerable and open I am to the Mistress.   I whimper behind the gag
pleading to be allowed to serve the Mistress in any fashion she would
desire, knowing that it is only at her whim that I will be allowed pain or
pleasure at her hand.
By the fifth blow my will is shattered and I can only writhe beneath the
blows that fall one by one until the full measure of twenty has been
delivered and I cry behind the darkness of the blindfold.   I feel the
heat flow from my paddled cheeks and I shudder at the breeze from the
ceiling fan as it blows across them.
Suddenly I try to leap from the bed as the pain worsens, only to realize
that it is the soft stroke of the Mistresses hand caressing my flaming
cheeks.
"Yes, a fine shade of red you are pretty one," she murmurs,"Now we need
something you can do for me.   Perhaps some oral worship to my cheeks
would serve to earn you some relief.   But not in this position."
So saying she begins by pulling my panties back up over my ass.  I shake
and writhe at the touch of the silky material across my aching globes.  
Patting my ass causes me to try and jump off the bed and but for my bonds
I would have.
Now she unfastens the strap beneath my chest and starts removing the
straps about my arms and legs.   My wrists are unshackled from my ankles
and locked together once again behind my back.   My ankles are released
from one another and pulled toward the corners of the foot of the bed.  
The straps to the collar are removed and I am allowed to sit up on my
knees.
A strap is run to the head board and pulled between my legs and attached
to the rings in the ends of the bondage mittens.   As the slack is removed
from the strap I am pulled back and over in zazen position with my back
arched and bowed.   A pillow is placed under my head and the ball gag is
removed.
The bed shifts as Mistress slowly crawls onto the bed and begins to rub
and caress my face with her cunt.   Eagerly I reach out to the extent that
my bonds allow me and begin to lick and suck at her moist mound.   A moan
of pleasure escapes her lips as my tongue flicks across her clit and dips
into her warm depths.
Her hands caress my chest and nipples as I center in on her slit and
slowly lick and suck my way into her nest.  I concentrate on giving my
Mistress head and feel the little tremors in her thighs that show her
arousal.  As I do her hands drift down across my belly and tease my rigid
cock where it strains hard and rigid beneath the silky cloth of the
panties.
I gasp with lust and inhale the warm musky odor of her femininity which
sends me into a delirious time of passion and helpless desire.   I
concentrate on Mistresses clit and as her passion mounts her caresses of
my cock and balls increases.
Now she pushes the cloth of the panties to the side and my cock springs up
and free for her to touch and tease.   Franticly I lap and suck at her
cunt as her warm breath blows across my rigid member.   I nearly scream in
hopeless lust as her mouth and lips engulf me and she begins a passionate
69 with me bound below her.
I pick up the pace and her excitement matches mine as I draw near to
release.  Now I am just a tongue flick or two away from release when
Mistress pulls her mouth away from my cock and commands me, "Don't you
come, slut!  Don't you dare come."
I spasm at the nearness of my need and barely manage to continue my
adoration of her flesh as she clenches my head with her thighs and goes
over the brink with loud abandon.
My face is drenched with her juices and we are both sweating from our
exertions.   My arms are pulled toward the head of the bed and my back
aches from the bowed arch it is held in.   Slowly Mistress climbs off of
me and removes the blindfold.   My eyes are dazzled by the dim light of
her boudoir and I look into her pleased smiling face.
"I think you deserve a chance to cum for that excellent cunt licking. 
Would you like to cum for your Mistress?"
Silently I nod, Yes, and say to her, "Please Mistress, if it pleases you."
Lazily she strokes my bound body and reaches to loosen the straps to my
ankles.   At the release of the straps I lay flat on the bed and let my
back ease and relax.   As I do my ass falls to the bed and I gasp at the
sharp pain that flashes through them.
Now she pulls my legs out straight towards the headboard and I lie on my
back with my wrists bound beneath me and tethered to it.   Leaning down
she pauses to kiss me and our tongues caress and move past one another.  
Her tongue probes past mine and she slowly strokes my mouth with it,
letting me taste the precum from her lips.
"Yes, you taste your seed don't you pretty one?   You'll be getting a very
good taste of it before this night is done."
Reaching for my feet in their high heels and ankle cuffs she attaches a
strap to each one before she lifts them up and over to the foot of the
bed.   Quickly she secures the end of each strap to adjacent corners at
the foot of the bed and begins to draw them taut.
Soon I am lying on my shoulders looking up into my panty clad crotch where
my hard rigid shaft pushes against the filmy material that barely covers
it.   Once again my ass juts upward, open and vulnerable which the
Mistress demonstrates by swatting  my cheeks with her hand.   I yelp in
pain and surprise and Mistress smiles in pleasure to have had such an
effect on me.
Still smiling she grasps my cock through the panties and carefully strokes
it, causing lust and passion for release to rush through my body.  
Assured that she has my undivided attention she slowly begins to roll the
waist band of the panties up and over my cock until it springs free and
points directly towards my face.
Her fingernails stroke the length of the shaft as her fingers reach to
lightly cup my balls and stroke their shaven smoothness.  Unable to do
anything but wait I lie still in anticipation of pain or pleasure.
Softly she strokes me and a moan of desire escapes my lips.  Smiling with
a an expression of wicked delight she leans forward to let her warm breath
play across my cock.   I shudder at the sensations flowing through me and
quiver helpless in my bonds.
I look up to see my cock encircled by the hands of my Mistress, slowly
stroking my shaft, building me up to the point of release, precum
glistening slick and shiny about the head.
Wordlessly I scream as her mouth swoops down and engulfs my aching shaft
and she expertly sucks on it bringing me to the brink.   With a plopping
noise she lets it fall from her mouth and a line of her saliva mixes with
the precum on the head of my cock to dribble down upon my face and lips.
Gasping I lay back while my heart beats wildly with the nearness of my
release and the Mistress presses her nails into the length of my shaft,
effectively stopping me from coming.   Now she alternates a series of slow
strokes to  my shaft with short periods of sucking bringing me repeatedly
to the brink of release and letting me fall back to a plateau of lust.
Tiring at last of toying with me she looks into my eyes and asks, "Are you
ready to cum now my slave?"
Pleading I reply, "Please Mistress.  Let me cum."
"You want to cum badly don't you?"
Wordlessly I reply nodding "Yes" begging with my eyes.
Ever so slowly she begins to stroke my shaft now.   Pumping it carefully
up and down, she smiles as I begin to breath faster in time to her
strokes.   My loins tremble as I approach the brink and I wonder just when
and if she will be sucking me off.
"Please Mistress, suck me off, please," I beg.
"Not this time slave.  Tonight you taste your seed directly from your
cock."
Shame and revulsion battle with lust and excitement at the thought of
being made to swallow my own seed.   My cock hardens with excitement at
the thought of cumming in my own face and before I can cry or beg Mistress
begins to pump ever faster at my shaft and I feel myself shudder and
erupt.   As I begin to cry out in orgasm my face is splattered with cum
and a large wad of it passes my lips and lands on my tongue.   Slightly
salty it sits in my mouth and I attempt to spit it out.
As I try my ass explodes in pain as Mistress Judy swats my exposed
buttocks.   "Swallow it slut," she orders, "All of it, slave."
In fear I swallow and open my lips as even more cum dribbles from my
engorged shaft.   Now it slowly falls between my lips and I revel in my
shame and degradation.   More strokes to my shaft keeps me hard and
throbbing even while it spasms in release.
Held helpless in my bonds Mistress gently takes my cock in her lips and
sucks it dry so that my loins tingle in reaction.   At once her mouth
covers mine and I taste my seed on her lips.  Our tongues mingle and
caress as she gently teases me.
Now she starts to lick my face clean of my seed and transfers it to my
waiting lips.   I revel in the degradation Mistress has reduced me to,
bound and dressed in lingerie with my cum upon my face I gaze up at her in
worship and awe.
"Thank you Mistress," I say, as she picks up the ball gag and fills my
waiting lips with it.   Straps are released and I am allowed to lie on the
bed and rest as my ankles are fastened together with a loose length of
chain between them.   A linked tether is run from the center of the ankle
chain up to the rings at the ends of the bondage mittens.  A second lock
fastens my wrists together and secures me for the night.
A last lock fastens my leash to the head board and secures me for the
night.  Carefully she pulls the panties back up over my cock and tucks me
in for the night before she snuggles in under the covers beside me.
With a contented sigh I lie back and wait until morning when with any luck
I will be used again, and allowed to serve my Mistress.
