                              MISTY

It was Saturday again and as usual I was giving a group of kids a
ride home from soccer practice. I had just finished dropping off
the Baxter twins a couple of real bratty 13 year old boys who had
just about worn my patience thin playing with all of the controls
and knobs in my van.  I had one kid left to drop off, a cute
little 12 year old girl named misty.  Her house was out in the
country about 15 miles away, but I didn't really mind because I
figured it would be a nice quiet drive and would help relieve the
tension brought on by the Baxter brats.

With the twins gone, Misty moved up into the front passenger seat
and sat sideways facing me.

"How do you like my new outfit?" she asked.

I glanced over to take a look.  Misty must have weighed all of 85
and had probably 25 or 26 inch hips.  She was wearing a brightly
colored skirt that came down to about her knees and a matching
pullover top made out of some kind of stretch fabric.

"Looks pretty nice Misty, did you pick it out yourself?" I
responded.

"No, my mom got it for me but I wish she would have got me a
different top."

"Why?", I asked. "It doesn't look too bad to me."

"It's not that I don't like it," she said. "It's just that....
Well..."

Misty was starting to blush a little.

I put the van into gear and pulled away from the curb.

"It's just that not too many of the girls my age have boobies
yet, and well, if I was wearing a bigger top the boys wouldn't
know I had any.  All they do now is laugh at me and tease me."
she continued.

I glanced over at her again, sure enough there were two little
bumps just barely beginning to form on her chest.  Even though
there wasn't much there, her top did accentuate the fact that she
was starting to grow. I looked back at the road and continued to
drive.

"Well, I don't think there's anything wrong with you Misty, in
fact if I wasn't married I'd even be your boyfriend." I said
trying to be nice.

"Oh, you're just saying that.  I know that men like girls with
nice bodies, and I don't have one yet....  See!"

I glanced over and about had a heart attack!  Misty had this
little pouty look on her face and had lifted her skirt.  For some
reason, she wasn't wearing any panties and I had an unobstructed
view of her little hairless pussy!  All I could do was stare!  I
quickly drove onto a side street and pulled over to the curb so I
wouldn't cause an accident.  I looked back down at her pussy and
then up at her face.

"How could any grown-up like a body like this!" she pouted.

My heart was pounding so hard I could hardly breathe.  My eyes
shifted back down to the little vee between her legs.  I didn't
know about other grown-ups, but I knew that her 12 year old body
was sure beginning to excite this one!  My cock was becomming
very hard and Misty knew it too!  She was staring at the bulge in
my pants and grinning from ear to ear. 

"Oh, you do, you really DO like me!" she squealed, pointing
over at my crotch. "I'm so happy!"

"What makes you say that?" I managed to gasp.

"Gee, everybody knows that boys get big between their legs when
they like a girl!" she replied. "I'm just real happy because this
is the first time anyone has ever gotten big down there because
of me!"

"Have you done this before?" I asked.

"No, but I did ask a boy in my class once if he wanted to look at
me.  He just started making fun of me and told me I looked
stupid!" she pouted.

"Well, I love your little body just like it is, boobies and all!"
I replied.

God, I couldn't believe I said that!  What was even worse... I
actually meant it!  I had always known that I was attracted to
younger girls, but until today I never knew how young!  I
continued to stare at her little hairless pussy as my cock grew
even larger!

"Would you like to see me with all of my cloths off?" she ask
shyly.

Before I could answer, she got up and moved to the back of the
van, boy was I glad the windows were darkly tinted.  She lifted
her blouse over her head, slipped her skirt down to the floor and
steped out of it. My eyes wandered up and down her small frame. 
She was completely naked except for a pair of pink socks and
tennis shoes.  She had a cute oval face with long light-brown
hair that hung down just past her shoulders.  Slowly, she spun
around giving me a full view of her tiny body.  Her breasts were
barely noticeable in fact at first glance she appeared to have
none at all. Her nipples were small and very light in color.  She
had slim hips and the cutest little round butt I had ever seen.  

I got up and moved to the back seat and sat down.  Misty bounced
down just to the right of me.  She turned so that she was facing
me, leaning sideways against the back of the seat with one foot
down on the floor and the other on the seat semi indian style,
one of her hands was resting on her knee. I looked down, her legs
were spread apart and her other hand was resting on her inner
thigh right next to her little hairless cunt.  She wasn't doing
anything with her hand, but that didn't matter, just the sight of
this child sitting like that made my cock swell even more.

"Can I see your wienie?" she blurted. "I've never seen a man's
wienie before, except once, in a magazine over at Tracy's house
when her mom and dad weren't home, but that was only a picture. 
Besides, you got to see me, and you did get big down there from
looking at MY body, so it's only fair that I get to see your
weinie!"

I just sat there not quite knowing what to do.  So far all Misty
had shown was innocent curiosity.  Sure, she was sitting totally
naked only inches away, and yes, I was getting turned on like
nobodys business, but did she really know how she was making me
feel or did she simply want sombody to notice her???

"Awh, Tracy said you probably wouldn't show me!" she pouted. "She
wanted to be here today too, but she had to go to her grandma's
house."

Tracy was Misty's best friend, she was 11 and lived just down the
street from her.  They did virtually everything together.

"Tracy???  What's Tracy got to do with this???" I asked her.

"Well, remember when I said that I saw a man's wienie in a
magazine at Tracy's house?  Well as we were looking, Tracy told
me that sometimes she pretends that it's a picture of you!" she
began. "She told that it made her feel kinda funny in her tummy
and tingly between her legs.  She said she was starting to feel
that way now.  I told her, that I was starting to feel that way
too and that my panties had somehow gotten wet.  I looked and I
saw that she was rubbing herself back and forth between her legs.
When I asked her why she was doing that she told me to try it and
find out. So I did, it felt wonderful" she said.

As I listened to her story, my cock continued to strain against
the front of my pants. I looked down at her crotch and could
hardly believe my eyes.  The story must have been exciting her
too because she had inserted her index finger into her tiny slit
and was slowly moving it in and out!

"Soon," she continued, "we both had our panties pulled down and
were rubbing ourselves, talking about how we both wished that we
could look at a man's wienie close up while he rubbed us between
our legs!  Tracy said that we should try and get you to do it!"

At that point, without a word, Misty reached over, took my hand
and placed it gently between her legs.

"Would you like to rub me!" she asked softly. "I really want you
to."

Her voice had become raspy and her breathing was very rapid and
shallow. I couldn't resist any longer, it was perfectly clear by
now that Misty knew exactly what she was doing and had planned
this all along.  She leaned over closer and gave me a small kiss
as slowly began massaging her slipperly little pussy.

She moaned softly, and catching her breath, she continued her
story. "After a couple of minutes, Tracy got up and went into her
mothers room.  When she came back, she had a big smile on her
face and this long white thing kinda shaped like a pencil only
fatter. She told me that she saw her mother put it between her
legs once, and later, when her mom wasn't home she tried it
herself!"

Misty paused for a moment to catch her breath again, her pussy
was getting very wet.  I watched as my fingers slid back and
forth across her hairless mound.

"Tracy spread her legs and began to pushed it in her hole. It
looked like it wasn't going to fit, but she continued to push and
it went in.  She was moving it in and out and I could tell by the
look on her face that she was really enjoying it.  After a couple
of minutes, she pulled it out and handed it to me.  I took it and
tried to push it up inside of me. It felt ok, but I couldn't get
it in very far." she panted. "Tracy told me that she had the same
problem the first time she tried and that I should just push
harder, so I did.  It felt like I had broken something, there was
a little bit of blood, and it hurt!  Tracy told me not to worry,
and to just move it around a little and the pain would go away.
She was right! After a few minutes it didn't hurt at all.  In
fact it felt so good that I didn't want to ever stop, but we
heard Tracy's mom's car pull into the driveway and we had to
quickly put everything away. We almost got caught!" she giggled.

I was so busy trying to visualize these two youngsters with
dildoes sticking out of their pussies, that it took me a moment
to realize Misty had reached over with both hands and began
undoing my belt. I shifted slightly so she would have an easer
time at it.  A moment later I felt the button on by pants open
and my zipper begin to slide.  She was having a little trouble
getting the zipper down, so I stopped what I was doing and helped
her with it. I lifted my butt off of the seat and slid my pants
and underwear onto the floor.

Misty took this opportunity to get into a more comfortable
position, she moved over right next to me and shifted her body so
that it was facing slightly away from me.  She lifted her right
leg onto the seat and took my right arm and placed it around her
so my hand could have better access to her hot tiny slit.  She
snuggled in close, laying her head on the inside of my shoulder
so that she could get a good view of my swollen prick.

>From this angle, I was able to look down over her shoulder and
get a perfect view of her young immature body. I began slowly
exploring with my eyes and my hands, starting at her soft, almost
non-existent little titties, down past her flat belly and
stopping at the lovely hairless slit that was nestled between her
slim out-streched legs.  As I ran my fingers up and down the
outside of her tiny pussy, she began to gently rock her hips back
and forth, matching the tempo of my strokes.

Misty was staring quietly at my cock using her small hand to move
it around slightly so she could look at if from all angles. It
was a good thing that she didn't really know what to do with it,
otherwise I'd have shot my load off right then!  I didn't want
that to happen...  not yet anyway.

As I continued rubbing, I began exerting more and more pressure
until my finger slipped between the folds of her tender young
pussy lips.  Misty moaned and arched her hips slightly forward,
causing my finger to continue into her tight little hole. I
finger fucked her for several minutes, gently inserting my finger
up to the last knuckle and then slowly pulling it almost all the
way out. I felt the muscles in her cunt tighten just slightly,
her whole body seemed to tense up for a moment and then relax.

"Ohhhhh my god" she wispered softly.

Misty had just experienced her first orgasm, it wasn't a very big
one, but I don't think Misty minded.  She looked up at me, her
mouth was slightly open and her eyes were half shut. I kissed her
gently on the forehead and she smiled.  She leaned up and gave me
a long slow kiss on the lips.  After the kiss, she looked back
down at my cock briefly and then back up into my eyes.

Slowly, she got up and climbed onto my lap. She sat facing me
with her knees on either side of me on the seat.  The underside
of my cock was now resting against the warmth of her hot little
pussy.  She began to rock her hips again, sliding her warm
juvenile pussy up and down on the underside of my prick.

"Ohhhhh, it's so big, do you thing it will fit inside me???" she
moaned.  "Please try, Ohhhhh god yes, Pleeease try!"

Misty didn't need to ask twice, I quickly lifted her off and got
down onto the floor on my knees.  I carefully moved her so that
she was sitting on the very edge of the seat, then I spread her
tender young legs and climbed between them.

The entire head of my cock was slick with pre-cum, I couldn't
believe how horny this little girl was making me.  I took my cock
and ran the tip of it up and down the hairless folds of her tiny
young cunt until I couldn't stand it any longer.  I positioned
myself at the entrance of her tender pussy and we both watch as I
gently pushed in an effort to get my cock into her tight little
hole.  The outer lips of her cunt seperated and surrounded just
the very tip at first, but as I continued to push I felt the
tight walls of her tiny pussy begin to give and watched as the
head of my cock slowly slip inside.

Misty gasped and her eyelids closed slowly.  Her head was tipped
back and her mouth was open slightly.  She was breathing very
rapidly.  I continued to push my way inside her.  The walls of
her cunt gripped tightly around by cock making the journey very
slow.  I leaned down a gave her a kiss as I began to gently move
my cock in and out.  Misty responded by pumping her slim hips to
match my small strokes.

I looked down, my prick was now three quarters of the way inside
her tiny body.  Gradually I increased the length and speed of my
strokes and watched as my cock worked itself the rest of the way
into her childish womb.

Misty's young body began to tense and I could see from the look
of passion on her face that she was about to experience her first
major orgasm. She began to quiver and shake as she pumped her
hips wildly at by stabbing prick.  My cock swelled and my muscles
tightened as my balls exploded and I sent stream after stream of
hot semen into her tight 12 year old cunt.  Her pussy was so
tight that there was no room for anything but my cock, each
stroke caused my previous deposit of jism to ooze out and down
the crack of her ass onto the floor. Her pussy continued to spasm
and I continued to flood her sweet cunt with my boiling seed.

After what seemed like minutes, I finally collapsed onto the seat
next to her. Jesus, what a fuck!!  What an orgasm!!!  I had never
cum so much at one time before!  This inexperienced young 12 year
old had just given me the best fuck of my entire life!  I
marveled at her limp little body, her innocent young face, her
barely noticable budding breasts, her flat smooth stomach, her
slim hips and legs.  I stared at her little pussy and watched in
awe as my cum continued to seep from her tiny slit and drip onto
the seat and floor below.

Misty had moved her hand down and was rubbing my cum all over her
hairless mound and tiny titties.  She looked up at me and smiled
weakly. "God that was the best thing I've ever felt" she said.
"Did I do okay???"

"You did just fine Misty, in fact you were great." I said as I
leaned over and gave her a little kiss.

"Do you think we can do this again???" she asked. "Tracy will be
here next week.  Boy is she going to be jealous when I tell her
what we did!  She'll probably want to go first, I hope you don't
mind." she giggled softly.

I could hardly believe it, not only was I going to get to fuck
this sweet 12 year old again, but her 11 year old best friend was
going to join us!!!  This was going to be one great soccer
season!

I just looked at her and smiled ..........
