The Mistake 
by: Douglas Freese

 
	Dean found himself walking through the Quad in almost a daze,
bumping into people left and right.  All the traffic that was zipping
around him couldn't sway his mind from it's current course.  That
afternoon, Dean had been to a little five and dime store, run by a old
woman who was very sweet.  She had so many wrinkles that it was had to
tell where her lips were, but her voice had been soft and understanding. 
As soon as Dean had entered the store, the woman had walked up to him and
said,

	"I know what you are looking for."

	This startled Dean, but not looking to cause the woman grief, he
followed her to the back of the store.  There, she opened a little chest
and pulled out a green ornate glass vial that was filled with about 30
speckled little candy-like pieces. 

	He had begun to ask what this was all about, but the woman just
moved her hands to her lips and grinned at him, her eyes sparkling like a
diamond.  She put the vial into his hands and he could feel her tough,
worn skin scrape against his.  After leading him up to the register, she
rang up ten cents on the old, dusty machine.  Dean, not wanting to be
rude, dug into his jeans pocket and brought out two nickels and placed
them on the counter. 
 Not able to suppress his curiosity any longer, he asked,

	"But what are these?  And why do you think I want..."

	"Those are what we call "Ego boosters" round these parts.  Mind you,
only take as many as you think you need.  They only last for a while, so
you be sure and save them, you here?"

	With that the old lady turned around and headed for another
customer that had wandered in the door.  Dean took the vial and placed it
in his front pocket, then headed out the door.  That was an hour ago. 
Since then, all Dean could concentrate on was what the woman had said and
what he was going to do. 

	BLAM!

	Dean slammed to the ground after letting out a "ummmph" from
someone impacting into his side.  He rolled over on the grass to see a
pair of shapely legs reaching toward the sky, a sleek pair of roller
blades attached to the end of them.  The legs fell to the ground,
revealing the familiar face of Liz, beginning to get red with anger and
embarrassment. 

	"Hey bud, why don't you....oh...Hi Dean." Liz recovered. "I didn't
mean to run into you like that.  You really should watch where you're
going, though."

	Dean had gotten to his feet and was helping Liz up, but since she
wasn't quite adept with her blades yet, the process was proving difficult.
Desperate to try and get her from her prone position in the middle of all
this foot traffic, he stood over her legs and grabbed both her arms and
heaved up.  Liz managed to get to her feet, only to lose balance and begin
falling backward, taking Dean with her.  The two of them landed on the
ground in a highly awkward position, and Liz being the flirt she was,
couldn't pass it up. 

	"Say Dean, is that a Lifesavers in your pocket or did you just see
a football player?"

	"Funny," retorted Dean, "No, I just stole your dildo and you caught
me."

	After a minute, they were able to untangle themselves and Liz
undid her blades in order to remain vertical.  As she was doing so, Dean
stood there and admired her shape.  She was about 5'2", with shoulder
length curly blond hair, pale green eyes, a slim body and tiny waist, and
she was wearing a blue flannel shirt with the sleeves ripped off, two
sizes too big for her tiny frame.  It was tucked into her cut-off jeans. 
Standing up after removing the blades, she walked towards Dean and gave
him a hug. 

	"Haven't seen you in a while.  I thought I saw you...what is this lump
here?" she asked as she shoved her hand into the front pocket with the
vial. 

	"Oh, just something I got today." Dean replied, trying to act
nonchalant. Liz retrieved the vial and held it up to the sun.  She rattled
it around and then made like she was going to open it.  Dean started to
say something, but seeing that he was concerned about it, Liz hid it from
Dean's sight. 

	"Is this for some special girl?" Liz teased. 

	"No...it's...ummm...for me, actually." stammered Dean.  He was
beginning to get a little concerned, for he did not know what they
actually were, and didn't want Liz to know.  His brain was quickly trying
to find an explanation that would satisfy her curiosity and return the
vial to him without incident. 

	"Is it some sort of drug?"

	"No...it's..candy actually.  Very old candy that I'm going to test
in Chemistry to see if I can determine it's ingredients." Dean smiled
inside after giving such a good answer on the spot.  That should do it, he
thought. 

	"Well, I'll see if I can help,"answered Liz as she popped out the
cork and chugged down a pill before Dean knew what was happening.  His
heart froze as he saw he do this and he leapt toward her in vain, thinking
he could possibly hit her in the back or something if she started to gag. 
But she didn't.  She swallowed the candy in nothing flat and told him it
tasted like it was cherry. Dean watched nervously as Liz smacked her lips
and thanked him for the treat. 

	She seemed to be OK, and as a little time went by, nothing
happened.  Dean felt relieved, but not enough that he didn't worry about
getting back the rest of the vial. 

	"Hah hah...ok...joke's over. Gimme back my candy."

	Liz pulled back and teased him with the vial, not letting him
reach it.  Then she got a mean look on her face and said,

	"You wouldn't be getting all worked up like this over some science
project. This is just some silly candy you got at the store and you didn't
want to share with little ole me.  Well, just for that..."

	Dean watched in horror as Liz emptied the entire contents of the
vial into her mouth, chewing the pills and eventually swallowing them. 
Liz let out a big sigh as the last of it went down and she pat her tummy
like a little child and said, "All gone." Dean waited for her to drop dead
or clutch her heart from a seizure or anything, but as she picked up her
roller blades and slung them over her shoulder, she seemed to be fine.  He
stood there silent as Liz returned the glass vial to him and then gave him
a short kiss on the lips, saying,

	"That will teach you not to share."

	Liz began to say her good-byes, but Dean wouldn't hear of it.  He
insisted on walking her back to her apartment.  Liz pointed out that it
was no where near his place and that he would be late for the class if he
did walk her back.  But given his concern for what had just happened, his
mind could not be changed. 

	The pair walked amongst the crowd of students changing classes,
Liz watching carefully where she stepped now that she was barefooted. 
Dean watched closely out the corner of his eye during the walk, but it was
tough since everyone was bumping and jarring the two.  Halfway
across...Dean ran into a friend who was heading to class, so he decided to
stop and ask him to get the notes from that day and the pair stood there,
swapping instructions and phone numbers. 

	Meanwhile, Liz stood there with a bored expression on her face as
the two men chatted.  Checking to make sure they weren't looking at her,
she re-adjusted her new elasto-bra she had gotten the previous day.  It
was guaranteed to make a bust look bigger, and that was something she
wanted. Her B-cupped figure was something she wasn't proud of, although no
one had ever said anything bad about it, it was just something she wished
was different.  She knew that bust size was not important and she really
didn't want a guy liking her due to the size of her chest, but to be able
to wear a strapless dress and not have it fall down all the time was
something she dreamed of. 

	She fixed her "unbreakable" bra and then scanned a look around the
moving crowd to see if anyone she knew was about.  Standing on her toes
after she thought she saw her roommate heading to class, she dropped back
to her heels and noticed something was a bit different; her chest bounced
a little.  She repeated the movement and again she felt a unfamiliar
bounce in her bosom. Attributing it to her new bra, she gave it no further
thought until she felt a building tingling sensation around her private
parts.  Thinking she was experiencing a hot flash, she quickly began to
think of dead kitten as such, but the sensation continued to get stronger. 
She was starting to get really... horny?  This couldn't be.  There was no
reason for this at all, but she was really getting worked up.  Even her
nipples were tingling a bit, and as she secretly moved her arm across her
chest in a quick motion to try and numb the feeling, she was shocked to
feel more resistance there then there should have been. 

	Slowly, she looked down at her shirt, and saw nothing different at
first, cause she had on a oversized shirt, but when she ran her hands down
the side of it to stretch it taught, she was surprised to see her figure
looking more like a C-cupped girls then her own, even with her new bra. 
Quickly she raised her head and shut her drooped-open mouth, making sure
no one was watching her.  As she looked around, she centered her attention
on her chest mentally, lightly jumping up and down so no one could notice
her.  Again she was answered with even more bobbing motion, even after she
stopped moving.  Something was definitely happening.  Liz tried
desperately to get her mind off this, thinking she was either
hallucinating or going crazy, and she began picking the flecks of dirt off
her roller blades, centering all her attention on that task.  But as time
wore on, the tingling feeling was still coming on strong and her
intermittent brushes against her own chest were making it clear that she
was indeed experiencing something.  She dropped her room keys that she was
using on her roller blades and bent over to pick them up.  When she got
vertical again, she noticed that the strain on her bra was beginning to
pull the straps into her skin a little bit.  Glancing down again at her
chest, she gasped at the sight of her own chest beginning to actually show
in this large shirt, a sight which had never been before.  She then
decided that it was time to take matters into her own hands. 

	Liz bent over slightly so that she didn't show anymore, and
nervously tapped Dean on the shoulder.  Dean turned around and looked at
her. She smiled slightly and said,

	"Dean, hon, I gotta get going...do you think you could talk with
him later?" When Dean started to explain that he needed to make sure that
his friend understood everything that he needed, Liz gave up and
whispered, "I'm having a little trouble".  Dean looked at her quizzically,
and then thought that she needed to go to the bathroom and told her to
hold it.  She then gave up on trying to hide her problem and stood up a
bit straighter and gave Dean a quick look at her "growing concerns."

	Instantly Dean told his friend good-bye and started walking
swiftly with Liz under his arm, she walking a little hunched over to try
and conceal her chest.  Dean whispered,

	"What are you doing?  You trying to get me all excited with those
fake.. 

	"They're not fake, Dean...something is happening to me...my breast
are growing..I can actually feel them inflating.  What's going on?  Wait.. 
What was in those pills I took?" Dean explained the whole story to her as
they tried to make it quickly across the quad.  Liz punched him in the arm
when he told her about the pills, telling him he should have warned her. 
Dean tried to plead his case, but it didn't matter now. 

	Liz's chest was near a D-cup now, and she noticed that they seemed
to be expanding faster as time passed.  She was almost walking with her
back hunched at a 45 degree angle now so that she didn't show any curves,
looking rather silly.  Dean dove his hand into his pocket and retrieved
the vial again.  He studied it, trying to find anything on it that might
help, and noticed some writing on the bottom of the cork.  It read: 

	Ego Builders: Take one each night and triple your doubt.  Find
happiness and all will be as it should. 

	Dean thought carefully and then realized what was happening: Liz
must have doubted that her chest attracted men and they were now tripling
in size, but she had taken 30 pills, so that meant... 

	"Oh my god!" both Dean and Liz said as they figured out the
meaning.

	Liz started breathing heavy, which wasn't helping conceal her
chest.  Dean could do nothing but continue walking faster towards Liz's
place.  Maybe there he could find the number of the store and call and get
some answers to Liz's problems.  Now across the Quad, Dean decided to take
the untravelled backroads to get her home, so as to not draw any more
attention to her. 

	As soon as they were out of sight, Liz stopped for a second to
catch her breath.  She stood upright and Dean's eyes widened as he saw for
the first time Liz's breasts, now near E-cup sized.  Her formerly loose
flannel shirt looked almost perfect for her now, not too loose or tight,
just right for her figure.  Liz saw this too and looked in the reflection
of a parked car's window to see her new shape.  A quick feeling of awe and
liking faded fast when she realized that they were not stopping.  Her bra
straps were really starting to dig into her sides a bit, but she didn't
feel like undoing the front clasp and have herself swinging free.  She
noticed Dean's eyes affixed on her chest and again the sensations of her
almost throbbing crotch began to wash over her, but both of them quickly
untranced and continued their trek to her place. 

	Deciding to run, the two began a trot towards the high-rise
apartment complex not one block away.  Liz draped her left arm over her
chest to keep it from bouncing around, but so was so much of it now that
is was tough. Dean noticed too that he was getting a bit hard himself, and
chastised himself for getting excited at Liz's expense.  As they
approached the lobby, Dean left Liz outside to make sure the coast was
clear.  Liz stood out of sight and surveyed herself.  Her bra was not
getting any tighter on her now, just stretching out. She stood upright and
stared at her chest. She could actually see her shirt moving slowly
outward from her body, her inflating boobs pushing it away.  As she
watched, she could start to see the space between the buttons begin to
spread apart slightly.  Fearing she might lose her shirt before getting to
her room, she placed her hands on her chest and pressed them into her. 
Instantly, waves of pleasure washed over her as her hands mashed her
enlarged nipples into her own breast.  She could feel some fluid rushing
inside her tits, blowing them up like balloons.  The weight of the fluid
was great, but for some reason her chest wasn't sagging that much.  She
pressed harder and again pleasure swam through her chest and down to her
privates.  Already wet, she noticed that each push made her even wetter. 

	Dean came out and gave her the all clear sign.  Liz removed her
hands and her breasts filled out to their normal position, making Dean
almost cum right there.  Her boobs were as big as volleyballs, and even he
could see that they were inflating a bit.  Liz walked behind Dean past the
front desk and over to the elevator that Dean had waiting for them.  "Now
why did I have to live on the 16 floor?" thought Liz.  The doors closed
and up shot the elevator.  Dean turned to ask Liz if she was alight.  Liz
smiled weakly and said she felt no pain somehow, but that she thought that
they'd better hurry up and get to her room, cause she could feel herself
getting bigger even faster and that her shirt was getting too tight.  As
if on cue, the elevator stopped on the 4th floor and the doors started to
open. 

	A group of 6 guys going out to play basketball started to pile in,
and Dean though quickly and maneuvered Liz into the back corner with his
back pressed against her front to conceal her.  He could feel her erect
nipples through his t-shirt and also her breasts inflating, pushing her
into his back.  Liz almost moaned at the torrent of pleasure this was
causing her and she almost forgot what was happening to her.  She started
moving her chest up and down very slightly, rubbing her nipples against
Dean's shirt and the inside of her own bra.  She could feel her breasts
filling out more and more, sliding inside her already too tight bra which
was barely holding in anything more then her aereola and nipples now, she
thought.  She could see her cleavage now through the botton holes in her
shirt.  Looking up, she saw that they were nearing the 9th floor when she
felt strange again, like a new wave of electricity shooting through her
system. She hoped maybe that was signaling the end of the growth, but
instead, as she looked down, she realized that she was blowing up even
faster now. 

	Holding in her breath, she grabbed Dean's shoulders and pressed
him into her as tight as she could, hoping to prolong the life of her
already skin-tight shirt.  Dean, shocked by what he felt, started to move
forward a bit to turn around and see what was happening, and as soon as he
moved far enough away so Liz's breasts could move out, the middle button
of her shirt popped off violently, exposing part of her white bra and her
expanding breasts. 

	Dean felt the button hit him about the time he heard the POP and
decided to stay where he was and hide Liz.  He pressed into her hard and
noticed that her boobs were growing faster now.  They had to be about the
size of basketballs by now, he figured.  Speaking of basketball, the guys
hit floor 14 and pilled off to go get a buddy of theirs to the game,
leaving the two alone again. 

	"Dean, I'm getting too big," sobbed Liz, "My breasts are gonna pop
out of my shirt soon."

	"I know I know...we are almost there." reassured Dean. 

	The elevator stopped and the pair got out, Liz continuing to hold
onto Dean's back like a little babe.  They walked down to her room and Liz
handed her key to Dean.  He quickly opened the door and they both dove
into the room.  Slamming and locking it behind them, Dean turned to look
at Liz.  Her breasts were stretching the shirt to it's utmost limits now,
the fabric noticeably becoming more and more thin.  Liz stood there
watching her chest inflate, not knowing what to do about it.  She grabbed
herself again and tried to push in, but her tits were too sensitive to the
touch now.  Every time she touched herself, she nearly came in her shorts. 
Liz's shirt was so tight that Dean could she the imprint around her front
of the too small bra all around the circumference of her bust.  Liz just
stood there with her hands near her chest, wanting to hold them in, but
knowing if she did it would drive her crazy. 

	"Dean...call the store!" Liz gasped.  

	Dean stood motionless as he noticed the second button beginning to
quiver a bit.  Liz looked down just in time to see it pop off too,
careening around the room.  Her breasts spilled out of her shirt a bit
more now, and modesty took over.  She reached around and tried to block
Dean's view, but too much flesh was there, and it was still growing. 

	"Dean!" shouted Liz and Dean snapped out of his mammary trance and
grabbed the phone book.  Liz took in short breaths now, trying to expand
her chest anymore then it already was.  Soon, Dean found the number and
dialed the place up. 

	"I feel it....I'm gonna pop another one." gasped Liz and she shot
her hand to her front to try and hold her shirt together, but she was too
late. 

	The third button exploded away before her hands got there and now
Dean could see half her chest exposed through the opening in her shirt. 
Her tight bra stretching like a rubber-band around a water balloon across
the center of the opening, still able to hold in Liz's enormous,
watermelon-size breasts. 

	A woman answered the phone and Dean quickly spilt the details. 
She sighed and reminded him of her warning, then told him that there was
nothing she could do, that they would just have to run their course until
they finished. 

	"What then," asked Liz when Dean told her the news.  The woman told
Dean that in this case, they first might want to make sure that they were
away from people if possible, to save her embarrassment.  Dean told her
they were, and then was interrupted by Liz's moan. 

	He turned to see that Liz was holding her head, and looked quite
dizzy.  Her boobs swayed a bit as she tottered, and then she shook her
head and told him she was OK, that she had just had another hot flash. 
The woman overhead this and told Dean that that meant that the next pill
had worn off and that the next one was about to kick in.  Dean asked Liz
quickly how many times she had had that feeling.  Liz said twice and
Dean's face went white. 

	"She's only had two pills effect her and they're as big as a beach
balls now!" shouted Dean.  Liz looked quizzically at Dean, trying to
figure out what was being said, when she realized that a huge pressure was
starting to build inside her stomach. 

	"Ummm.....Dean." said Liz as she felt the pressure building like
her inflating breast inside her.  "I feel something happening
inside...I..ooohhhhh."

	Just then, as if someone released a pressure valve, Liz felt the
pressure begin shooting into her already huge breasts, making them blow up
much faster. 

	Dean turned around to see her tits blowing up faster and getting
larger by the second. 

	"It's gonna pop It's gonna pop" panted Liz as her breasts stretched
against the buttons.  She closed her eyes as her boobs grew and grew until
the buttons began losing their battle.  With little tremors that shook her
breasts, each button was being shot from her shirt by her enormous chest. 
Soon, only the top button remained and the rest of her shirt lie lip on
the sides of her pink breasts.  The bra made a indention around the center
of her breasts, refusing to let go of her expanding mammaries. 

	"Oh my god...I can feel them stretching." gasped Liz. "Dean...my
bra is getting tighter...it's starting to hurt. I don't know if it's gonna
break or not.  Hurry up with her so you can take it off."

	Dean began to say a quick good-bye to the lady, but she cut him
off and told him that they should also make sure that they are out in the
open somewhere where she won't be able to do any damage.  Dean whirled
around and looked at Liz's ballooning boobs.  They almost reached down to
her shorts now and they stuck out a good foot and a half or so, inflating
inches a second or so now. 

	He dropped the receiver to the ground and started looking for a
blanket or something to cover her up long enough to get her down the
elevator and away from the building.  Liz looked puzzled at his frantic
search, but then was taken by a greater concern... 

	"Dean...this bra is really getting too tight...it's hurting me."
cried Liz as she began rubbing the area around her breasts where the bra
was digging in.  The sheer pleasure of the sensations was almost enough
for her to forget her pain.  She could feel the swirling liquids inside
her tits that were inflating them bigger and bigger.  Her shorts had a now
large wet spot on them where her privates were dripping her juices from
being so horny.  One of her nipples popped free form the restraints of the
bra and bounced around, sending shock waves of ecstasy through her
breasts. 

	She moaned out load this time, not able to contain the feeling. 
She grabbed it with her right hand and began to feel the enlarged
protrusion.  It was the size of a Lifesavers roll now. She traced her
hands around her areola, it about the size of a Frisbee.  She was really
beginning to like this.  Then the pain came back as another sudden hot
flash shot through her again. 

	"Oh no....I'm blowing up like a balloon again," shouted Liz. "God,
look at them go....My breasts are getting bigger....and bigger...oh lord I
can feel them swelling...Dean..get this bra off me.  I'm swelling
faster...I can feel it!  I'm inflating too fast!"

	Dean stopped his search for a big blanket to see Liz standing
there, her boobs now reaching out 2 1/2 feet, and down to her crotch,
which he noticed was soaking.  Her arms were around her breasts, but she
couldn't even touch her own hands.  He ram towards her, figuring that
getting her out was more important then dignity now, when she started
moaning and he stopped. 

	Liz could feel the elastic bra starting to give under the new
rapid growth of her tits and she decided that she couldn't take anymore. 
She arched her back and threw back her arms in the hope of breaking it off
her.  She felt it stretch, but it didn't break.  She arched back more, her
breasts coming to rest on her belly.  As she continued to arch, she could
feel the skin of her boobs as they swelled out, moving down her front. 
With one final scream, she went back as far as she dared and the bra
exploded off, shooting across the room. 

	She stood up and looked in the mirror.  Her growing knockers were
half her size now, her nipples about the size of a soup cans.  They
jiggled like a mass of Jell-O from the shock of the release of the bra. 
And they were noticeably getting larger each second, swelling like a
balloon being blow up. 

	Dean shook his head to straighten his thoughts and told her they
had to get out from here before she got too big.  Liz moved slowly from
the weight, her thighs brushing against the bottom of her mammoth mounds.
But by the time they reached the door, they had blown up too much and were
too wide to fit through the door frame.  Dean tried pressing them
together, his fingers almost disappearing into the inflating flesh, but
all this did was make Liz cum in her shorts.  She gasped as the sensation
passed momentarily, but she weakened enough to beg Dean to do it again.
Dean, more centered on his task, stepped back and tried to come up with a
solution, and couldn't. 

	He ushered her back to the middle of the small room and shut the
door before anyone noticed.  Every step Liz took made her breasts sway and
the movement of the air on her enormous nipples started her up again. 
Giving in to the intense waves of passion that were raping her system, she
grabbed her incredible tits and began massaging them all over, sending
waves of electricity through them and making her privates literally ooze
from her hot juices. 

	Dean grabbed the phone and told the woman that she was stuck in
her room and that they couldn't get out.  The woman thought for a second,
then told Dean that for the pill to wear off, the person had to experience
the sheer joy, joy that only came from a cataclysmic orgasm.  She then
thought that maybe if he tried to make her have one, her breasts would
revert back to normal.  She told him that the growth was happening
underneath only one layer of her skin and that they would pop painlessly
once it happen, letting her be normal again. 

	"Oooohhh goooodddddd...I had another flash." warned Liz, and Dean
watched as her breasts began inflating so fast they swelled from the
bottom of her shorts to her knees in almost 3 seconds.  "My breasts are
getting bigger too fast Dean...I can't stand." Liz then gave up fighting
and fell to the ground, rolling over after bouncing a bit from landing on
her own bean-bag sized chest. 

	Dean told Liz the idea and Liz's eyes lit up.  Dean walked to near
her head and Liz didn't even have to tell her response to the idea, for
her hand shot up and grabbed his extremely hard cock.  She quickly
unzipped his zipper and pulled out his pecker, stroking it furiously to
get him wet, which didn't take long. 

	Dean began stripping as Liz fought to get off her shorts and
dripping wet panties.  She propped her knees up to lift her breasts from
the floor, and they just began flopping toward her head.  Dean walked
around to her front and saw a sight that almost made him lose his load
then and there: two breasts that were near 4 feet tall that reached below
her crotch and her sumptuous legs.  Liz's arms were reaching up the sides
of her tits, clawing them and kneading the inflating mounds. 

	Dean threw Liz's legs apart and slammed his dick Liz's already
sopping wet vagina.  The heat in her almost made Dean scream as he began
pumping her as hard as he could.  Liz screamed a long scream and began
panting harder.  This wasn't going to take long. 

	Dean continued hammering into Liz and he noticed that each time he
brought his head down, her boobs were closer.  She was growing so fast
that soon he wasn't going to be able to fuck her.  This panicked Dean and
he began to pump harder, making Liz almost pass out from ecstasy.  Dean
began pressing on her ballooning breasts, trying to alter their growth
away from him, but they were getting too big.  He felt as if he was
fighting a blob of flesh. Just then Liz moaned louder. 

	"Oh GOD!  Dean...I just ..*ohhh* had another one...*ohhh* My boobs
are going to inflate faster now...I can feel it...the pressure is
so...stronnnnnggaaaaaaah!  Holy shit!!  Look!!"

	Dean saw her breasts triple in speed, almost crawling towards him.
It wasn't long before he was not able to stay inside Liz.  Her rapidly
inflating tits pushed him away as they swelled bigger and faster, covering
her legs in a matter of seconds.  He stood up and noticed that he nipples,
the size of coffee cans, were heading quickly towards the ceiling. 

	"Ooooohhhh...I can feel my skin stretching...God..I'm huge..I'm
enormous.. when are they going to stop?  Dean...I'm almost there.  Just
fuck me a little more.  God...the pressure...I'm blowing up like a blimp."

	Dean dove into her cleavage and pressed inward through the
swelling tits.  He grasped her skin and pulled himself deeper into her
chest.  Liz screamed and moaned as Dean's hot body worked it's way through
her cleavage. 

	"Oohhh...God...Dean...My nipples!  My nipples are hitting the
ceiling!"

	Dean finally found a hand hold and grabbed her slim hips, pulling
himself through her cleavage and into her throbbing vagina.  Even though
the weight from her swelling breasts was pressing down on him, Dean was
able to move slightly and fast, his dick all the way inside Liz, growing
larger inside her with each thrust, getting ready to explode up inside
her. 

	"Oh yes....Oh yes...there...that's it" moaned Liz.  "God, I can
feel it.  I'm going to cum...keep doing that.  Ohhh..my breasts are
hitting the walls.  I'm getting too big.  I'm growing too fast!!! 
I'm...oooh...uh oh!! Dean....it happened again!  DEAN!!!  My breasts are
filling up the room !!! Hurry!!!  They're getting too big for the room.!! 
I can feel the door and windows!!"

	Dean, not able to hear Liz's words through her breasts, continued
pumping into her privates, pulling out liquid with each withdraw.  He slid
his hands under her butt and started pulling himself deeper into her.  He
felt her start to gush juice and knew he was doing something right. 

	"oh yes...oh yes...god...that's it.  Oh god, the door just broke. 
My boobs are swelling into the hallway!!!  oh god...yes...I'm
cumming...I'm cumming!!! Oh god...I feel my tits blowing up..I feel them
pushing on the ceiling!  I'm cumming I'm cumming!!!!"

	Dean felt Liz's hips rise up in the anticipation of her orgasm and
gave her one last thrust before he exploded his semen almost into her
womb.  Liz took one last breath and let the intense pressure inside
herself go, sending cascades of wetness down her and Dean's legs, making
her entire body shiver. 

	"oh..god...my breasts...they are stretching too tight....too
tight.... They're going to explode!!!  uuuuunnnnhhhhhAAAAAAA" Liz arched
her back as much as she could under the weight and felt a mighty surge in
her room-sized boobs.  Like a over-inflated water balloon, her tits
exploded, sending a torrent of cool milk down over the exhausted pair. 
Liz held her breath as the white liquid doused her and headed out the now
snapped-in-half door. 

	Dean, still laying on top of and inside Liz, shook the milk from
his face and looked up at Liz.  Her breasts were back to normal, or at
least back down in size.  Liz was now sporting E-cups on her petite
figure.  They both stared at her breasts, and realized that they were
staying that size.  Liz began to laugh as Dean did, hugging each other and
they kissed.  The superintendent, called by some of the neighbors, came
into the doorway to see a lake of milk streaming out their door and the
two of them in a naked embrace.  He shook his head and reached into the
closet for a mop. 

	"Coming to work today was a big mistake."
