Archive-name: Family/mitzvah.txt
Archive-author: Ed.
Archive-title: Bar Mitsvah


Author's Note: I just threw out this little bone to whet the
appetite of those of you who are awaiting Kevin's Story, part 3
which is almost done.  It jumped into my head one morning,
demanding to be written.  So I did, just to get it off my back so
I could concentrate on Kevstory.

Let's hear from y'all.
Keep pushin' on 
-Ed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Warning: This story contains graphic language, incest and under-
age sex.  If any of these topics offend you, delete this NOW.  If
they don't offend you, gee, you're as perverted as I am <grin>.
Enjoy!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Charlie! Aunt Viv's at the front door, go let her in!"

"Alright, Mom!"

Charlie Meier jumped off the couch and pulled open the front door. 
His mother, Roxanne, was upstairs getting dressed.  Aunt Vivianne
swept in, and gave her 13-year-old nephew a hug.

"Umph," she said, squeezing him, "How big you've gotten.  It's been
just YEARS since I've seen you.  So let me look at you.  Turn
around.  What a little man."

Charlie was hardly little.  Skinny, yes, but at 5'11" he towered
above his petite, dark-haired aunt.  She and his mother hardly
seemed like sisters.  Red-headed Roxanne was larger, heavier,
fairer and bustier than Vivianne; she faavored their Irish father. 
Vivianne was small, slim, dark-haired and dark-eyed.  She favored
their Russian-Jewish mother.  Charlie looked like neither of them,
favoring his run-off Dad.  Roxy was 33, Viv 27.  They were
Charlie's only living relatives.

"Did you learn everything you've got to do?"  Viv asked.

"Of course, I did.  Mom made me go to temple for the past 6 weeks
including a special class.  I missed six Saturdays of basketball."

"Oh, basketball, shmasketball.  Were there any nice girls at
temple?"

"Aunt VIV!"

"Oh, alright.  I can see you've got your mind on other things.  But
mark my words..." Charlie suddenly noticed how close Aunt Viv was,
and how nice she smelled, it made him uncomfortable "pretty soon
it'll be time for you to learn about women!"

Before he could get a reply past the lump in his throat, Roxy
bounced downstairs and embraced her sister.  "Thank Gawd you're
here!" she cried, "It's time to go.  Charlie, run go get Mama her
keys."

While Charlie headed to the kitchen, Vivianne slipped a hand into
Roxy's blouse and caressed her bra-less tit.

"Not now, you moron," Rox squealed.  "The kid will be right back. 
My Gawd, 10 seconds in my house and already you're accosting me."

"But I've missed you, sister dear," Viv protested, "It's lonely out
on the West Coast without my big sister to comfort me.  Besides,"
she added, "you were always the instigator."

"Fine, fine, but at least wait until after this ordeal is over
before we get reacquainted.  This is Charlie's day."

"Yes, it is," Vivianne agreed, half to herself, "yes it is."

Charlie reappeared with his mother's keys in hand, and the three
left the house.

...................LATER....................

The remains of the late supper lay spread over the table.  Vivianne
picked up a bottle and said "Any more Mogan David, anyone?"

"Vivianne, that's not Mogan David," Roxanne corrected, "It's Ernest
and Julio Gallo."

"Were they Jewish?" Vivianne asked.

"No, they were Italian."

"Close enough.  Any more Mogan Gallo?  Rox?  Charlie?"

Roxanne extended her glass.  But Charlie shook his head, staring at
his plate.

"Hey, kid, whattsa matta?  You no like-a Eye-talian Jewish wine?"

"The wine's fine, Aunt Viv.  I'm just not in the mood for it."

"Hey, it's not every day you're bar mitzvah, y'know.  You should
enjoy yourself."

"How can I enjoy myself," the youth retorted, "everybody else
always wears expensive clothes and new watches and stuff.  All my
friends talked about tonight their presents and money from their
bar mitzvah.  What do I got?  Dinner with my Mom.  Big deal!  I get
that every night."  And with that he stormed off to his room.
"You really should have brought him a present,"  Roxanne began.

"Hey, what am I, Donald Trump-stein?  The ticket cost me more than
I could afford, but you insisted I come out.   Who's idea was the
cockamamie shindig anyway.  You were never religious.  I thought
you were a closet Catholic."

"I thought it was important that he observe his bar mitzvah, his
entry into manhood.  The least you could do is support me on this."

"I support you, I support you," Viv said, "but I couldn't afford
anything nice.  Listen, I'll find some way to make it up to him."

"Okay, you better.  Now let's clean up and go to bed."

"Now you're talking, Sis."

"Hey, get your hand off my ass."

"Gladly," giggled Viv sliding the hand to her sister's tits.  "You
still trim your pussy hair like a heart?"

"No, in honor of Charlie's bar mitzvah I shaved it into a star of
David."

"You liar.  Really, do you?"

"That's for me to know and for you to find out."

"Good, let's go."

..................... STILL LATER.....................

Roxy lay on her bed, flipping from Letterman to an old movie on
Channel 9.  She could hear her sister showering up in the bathroom,
and her mind drifted to younger days.

Actually, the scenario back then hadn't been too different from
now.  The two sisters shared a room... and each other's bodies.  As
usual, it had been the younger Vivian who had instigated matters. 
At the tender age of 12 she had been involved with more boys than
Roxy had even dated at 18.  That by no means meant that Roxanne was
undersexed.  To the contrary, she masturbated silently every night. 
But she never fooled the nosy, sharp-eyed Vivianne, who decided
that the two should share the good times.  So one night, when
Roxanne had worked herself up pretty well, Vivianne slipped under
the covers with her.

Roxy snatched her hands away from her pussy, only to have them
replaced by Viv's own slim little hand.  "What's the matter, sis?"
she whispered, "Are you all hot and bothered?"

Rox tried to protest, but Vivianne was extremely adept, and she
soon had her sister in the palm of her hand, so to speak.  Pretty
soon, Roxanne was cumming, clutching her younger sister around the
shoulders and passionately kissing her lips.  Their trysts soon
progressed from mutual masturbation to all out sixty-nining, or
"sister-nining" as Vivianne called it.

Within the year, Vivianne had arranged for both of them to lose
their virginity.  Roxanne was soon getting down and dirty with many
different guys, until that fateful weekend with Charlie Meier, Sr.,
the result being that 5 weeks later Charlie stomped on a glass,
everyone yelled "Mazel-tof!" and Roxanne was a pregnant bride. 
"Thank God your father wasn't alive to see this.  At least  he's
Jewish," her mother had said.

But Roxanne never forgot those great sessions with Viv, and the two
had gotten together frequently until Viv had headed West 5 years
ago.  Now, idly stroking her pussy lips, she shivered in delight at
the night ahead.

Vivianne slid into bed naked and cupped her sister's pussy in one
hand.  "What's the matter, sis?" she whispered in an echo of the
past and Roxanne's thoughts, "Are you all hot and bothered?"

"I am now," Rox whispered back, gathering her younger sister into
her arms and kissing her deeply on the lips.

"Are you up for some sister-nining?" Vivianne teased.

"Baby, I'm up for anything."

Within minutes, Rox was flat on her back, staring at, sniffing and
licking Viv's little slit.  It was completely hairless, which added
to the enjoyment of both women.  Vivianne, for her part, was
resting her chin on her sisters pubic thatch, still heart-shaped
after all these years.  "I knew it would be," she whispered to
herself, then dropped her tongue into the pussy before her.

Later, as Roxy lay with her ass thrust up into the air, Vivianne
strapped on a dildo and began fucking her.  As the artificial penis
sunk into her dripping snatch, Roxanne groaned, "Oh, it's been so
long since I had a real cock.  What I wouldn't do for one."

Vivianne said nothing, content to stroke her own nipples while
fucking her sister, but she did file that comment away for future
reference.

A few minutes later, as Roxy moaned and squirmed beneath her, Viv's
eye caught a flash of movement at the partially open bedroom door. 
The light from the bathroom prevented Viv from focusing well on the
figure in the darkened hall, but she knew there were only three
people in the house, and two were in this bed.  Shrugging mentally,
she reached beneath her sister to cup her full, round tits.  "At
least, I'll give the kid a good show," she thought to herself,
"Maybe this will make up for the lack of a present."  Then a mental
flashbulb went off, and she knew exactly what she was going to give
her nephew for his bar mitzvah.

..................AND EVEN LATER YET..................

Charlie was almost certain his aunt had seen him spying, but he
wasn't quite sure; but he didn't really care.  After all, what were
they going to do to him?  In fact, he was certain he had the moral
high ground, voyeurism being less of a crime than lesbian incest. 
At this point, however, all he could do was lay back in his bed and
pound his raging hard-on into submission.  NEVER, in a MILLION
YEARS did he dream, well, several things he'd seen tonight:

He'd never seen a naked woman outside of Playboy.

He'd never thought of his mother or aunt sexually.

He'd never known about lesbianism.

He'd never guessed about 69.

He'd never imagined he could get so turned on by any of the above.

Suddenly, he sensed he was not alone.   But before this thought
could even impress itself on his mind, his Aunt Viv was in bed with
him!  What was more, she was naked and caressing his cock!  He
barely heard her famous quote, "What's the matter Charlie?  Are you
all hot and bothered?"

Charlie was speechless.  "What's the matter, sugar,  cat got your
tongue?  Well then nothing left to do but lick that cat."

Viv got up and straddled her nephew's face.  "Go ahead, Charlie,
lick my pussy," she encouraged, and, quite naturally, he did.  This
gave Viv the opportunity to talk to him without interruption, which
was exactly what she had planned.  It also gave her the opportunity
to coach a neophyte pussy licker in the proper techniques.

"Your mom and I have been close like that since I was your age. 
Younger in fact....oh, that's very good, but not too vigorously
yet, ah, okay....It's not really a crime or a sin for two people
who love each other so much to make each other feel
good....mmmmmmmmmm, yes, baby, just flick at my clitty a little
bit....  anyway, I'd love you two, and I'm sorry about not bringing
you any gift.  So this is my gift, my body.  Do you like it?"

"Mmmmmpphhh, hmmmmm," was about all he could say.  The vibrations,
however, drove his aunt crazy, and she came.

Sliding her pussy down his chest, she rubbed her nipples against
his and licked her own juices off his chin.  "Thank you, honey,"
she said, "now let me repay the favor."  She slid further down the
bed and, cupping his young balls in her hand, began sucking his
throbbing rod.

"Ohhhhh, Aunt Viv," Charlie moaned, "That's great."

Lifting her head she said, "Mazel-tof, Charlie,"  then resumed her
sucking.  With his aunt's talented tongue pistoning around his rod,
it wasn't long before Charlie felt that familiar feeling deep in
his nuts.  "Look out, I'm gonna shoot off," he warned.

She redoubled her efforts, and pretty soon, his sweet young cum was
shooting down her throat with the force of a fire hose.  She gulped
and swallowed, barely managing to keep up with his spurts, but she
did.

Viv climbed back up to rest on her nephew's chest again.  "How was
that, sweetie?" she whispered.

"Oh Aunt Viv, that was great.  I never knew it could feel so good."

"It can feel alot better, kid.  Hold on to your nuts."

With that, she dropped down and began nursing on his limp dick
again.  Working it gently with her tongue and hands, she began to
coax life back into it.  As she felt it start to harden, she lifted
her head and said to him, "Get hard quick, honey, Auntie Viv wants
to fuck you?"

"What?!" Roxanne yelled from the doorway.  Viv and Charlie both
nearly jumped out of their skins, springing apart and looking as
guilty as sin.  "Mom!" Charlie exclaimed, incongruously staring at
her wide-eyed past his rapidly deflating rod, "I'm sorry, I...,
we..."  what does one say in a situation like this.

But Vivianne was getting over her initial shock, and noticed that
her sister's nipples were poking hard through her flimsy nightgown. 
"How long have you been at the door, Rox?" she asked insinuatingly.

"Long enough."

"And have you been watching me initiate your son?"

"Yes, I have."

"And that makes you angry."

"No, it doesn't."

"Then, Roxanne dear, why ever are you so upset."

"Because if anyone in this room is going to take my son's
virginity, it's gonna be me!"

Charlie had been watching this conversation like a spectator at a
tennis match, but at that last statement, his eyes locked on his
mom and got even wider, "What?" he gasped.

Vivianne hopped back on the bed saying, "I suspected as much.  Let
me get him hard for you."

As soon as his aunt's lips descended in his rod, Charlie got the
biggest shit-eating grin ever simply said, "Oh, boy."  Viv looked
up and said, "Hey sis, get naked."

Walking in from the doorway,  Roxy pulled the flimsy nightgown over
her head, exposing her luscious body to her son's gaze.  "I can't
tell you how long I've wanted to do this," she said, as she knelt
on the bed, bent down and kissed her son deeply.  "Me too," he
breathed back.

Vivianne felt his cock throb strong and hard in her mouth.  "Hey,
sis, you'd better get on this monster before he shoots off again.

Roxanne sighed, then swung a leg over her son's hips.  Vivianne
took a final suck on Charlie's prick, then licked her sister's
clit.  Using her free hand, she spread Roxanne's lips apart and
nestled the boy's cock between them.  "Okay," she whispered.

Roxy sank down onto her son's cock and watched the look of bliss
spread across his face.  She began her up and down rhythm as
Vivianne latched onto one nipple and sucked it into her mouth. 
Catching Charlie's eye, she smiled, licked her lips and said
"Today, you are a man!"

--
