Archive-name: Changes/mkchris2.txt
Archive-author: She Devil
Archive-title: The Making of Chrissie (To Completion)


     "So I will be at your facility one week before the end of the
quarter to review your record. You can then stop by my office the
first week of the next quarter to pick up your check."

     "That concludes my business with you. Sorry to cut this off so
suddenly, but I have four more of these conferences to get to yet
today."

     Chrissie tried to speak but Barbara cut her boss off. On the
street, Chrissie stood by the side of the office building and
started to cry.

     "Now, what's the matter, Chrissie," Barbara asked, unable to
hide the exasperation in her voice.

     "I have to sign for all those checks and meet with that fat
bitch. And I signed that paper under oath that says I'm a girl ..."

     Chrissie was getting worked up again but Barbara let him go.
In fact, it was interesting, the way the flush on his face was
spreading down to his big jiggling breasts.

     "I'll have to keep dressing like a girl for a year...No, a
year and a half! I'll just die if I have to do that."

     "Shut up, Chrissie, and do as you're told.  We have some
shopping to do."

                            *********

     "How did it go, Chrissie?"

     "Really well, Barbara. Ms. Tanner accepted all the records and
I can pick up the check on Monday."

     Chrissie's legs looked long and sexy in her new finger-tip
length red lycra-spandex miniskirt. And her heels, so high they
were, made her arch her big chest out so provocatively.

     How long was it now? Thirteen, no fourteen months, Chris had
been Chrissie.  Barbara had taken over the day after they returned
from the meeting. With the extra cash flow, printers were hired and
Chrissie found `herself' the receptionist and book keeper. The
first time Chrissie had called Barbara `Barbie', Chrissie had been
dressed like a Barbie doll and had her moth washed out with soap.

     Christmas was coming and Barbara took out the shiny red boxes
of jewelry from the bottom drawer of her desk.  There was an ankle
chain and a necklace with a personalized dog-tag, including a
diamond chip. And big personalized disk earrings.  All 24 karat
plated. And all bearing the name "Chrissie."

     Click, clack, click, clack.  She's coming back. Barbara got
the gifts back into the drawer before the high heels clicked their
way into her office.

     "Here's your coffee, Boss."

     Barbara watched her secretary go.

     Funny, I only think of her as a girl now. Maybe it's time i
had her dating one of the boys on the print floor?

     And maybe best of all, the twelve months Chrissie had to live
as a woman before the surgeon would perform sex reassignment
surgery were up, if Barbara let Chrissie have her cock cut off, she
would sign over the rest of the stock in Diversions.

     Barbara imagined Chrissie, chewing gun, in hot pants, walking
coffee back to the boys and giggling when they copped a feel, and
poor as a church mouse. Serve the little fool right, Barbara
thought.

     Barbara made a note to herself to buy some gum.

   So what do you think of that my sweet little sissy boys?
   I have lots of gum.

--
