After my son finished, I started my own anecdote:

"This happened about last year too. It was while you were away at summer camp. I had just finished up with 
a girl named Veronica - a dark haired big-titted beauty. Her screams had been lovely, but she only lasted 
through one full week of my attentions. Then she'd died on me. Damn. I hadn't gotten around to fucking her 
yet.

"I'd driven myself into a frenzy with her. Her ass had been so whipable, and her tits were really sensitive. I 
used the electric cattle-prod on them many many times. I've never heard anyone scream so hard. Each time 
I'd zap her tits, she'd whoop and holler and go into all kinds of funny spasms. But I guess hooking up her 
nipples for three full days to an electric outlet was too much. It was a shame too. She never fell asleep all 
three days, and she screamed her voice so raw I could safely remove the gag.

"Anyway, so I was feeling a wee bit horny and needed a good quick fuck.

"I didn't even get her name, but she was young. 15 maybe 16. Thin red hair, a cute button nose. She was 
wearing just a little makeup -blush and eyeliner. It made her look sexy.

"I'd seen her out with sum cunt friends of hers, gotten an instant woody, and followed her home. She lived in 
a big house, but her parents weren't home.

"I waited till late, and her parents never did show up. I broke into her house through the basement. I found 
her asleep in an upstairs room, hugging a teddy bear.

"I put the gun in her face and sat down on the bed. She got up groggily ... 'What ... ?'

"'Don't move, girl, or I'll blow your fucking head off.'

"She stared up at me in the darkness; I felt her quiver with fear under the sheets ... ' please, take anything 
you want. Just don't hurt me ... '

"I put my face up to hers, 'but bitch, what I want is to hurt you.

"At this, she bolted out of bed and ran for the door. I saw she was wearing only bra and panties. I snatched 
her hair and her head snapped back. She fell into my lap.

"Her smooth adolescent stomach rested comfortable against my knees. Her panty-covered butt was just 
aching for a good whipping. First, though, I gagged her with a wide leather dildo-gag. She fought against, 
but failed miserably.

"'Seems like I'm gonna have to incite you to passion...' I said and slapped her but. She wiggled sweetly 
against me and protested.

"'Oh, I think your gonna like what I have in mind, high-schooler bitch!

"I yanked her onto the bed and sat on her back. Her hand were flailing around so I grabbed them and cuffed 
them to the posts of her bed. Just temporarily though -- I took out a nail and a hammer and impaled them 
through her tiny palms into the wooden posts. She thrashed about like a fish out of water during this and 
made all sorts of funny sounds.

"After I nailed her other hand to the post, I released them from the posts. I went and got a couple of 
encyclopedia's from another room and used them to prop her butt up. I took a two-yard long piece of wood 
tied one end to one ankle, then slid the board under the bed, and tied it to the other ankle. The girl struggled 
and cried during all of this, which kept me turned on.

"Now her ass was all mine, and I pulled my dick and massaged it. But something was wrong... Doing this 
little girl just didn't feel right ...

"Then I knew what it was! She wasn't struggling enough. More pain was needed to coax her to thrashing 
agony.

"First I got down the curtain rod and inserted it not too gently into her tight pussy. It wasn't as thick as I 
wanted it to be to really punish her cunt good, but twisting it around and driving it in as deep as possible, she 
started mewling and trying to twist her butt.

"Good start, I thought, as I broke through her cherry and laughed at her high-pitched squeal. What a 
delightful sound.

I was in a passionate mood, so I took two more nails from my bag. Reaching underneath her, I found her 
budding breast and squeezed and pitched them for a while before slowly screwing the sharp nails into the 
tips of her nipples.

"This sent her into major agony. I squeezed the meat around her nips and she was bucking and hollering. 
Pleased with my handiwork, I returned to her ass -- it had to be her ass, of course, because the curtain rod 
was still stuck in her cunt.

"Like your bitch July, this red-haired teenage fuck-doll had a tight was. She was squirming so much it has 
hard just to get aim at her ass. She shrieked again as the bulging head of my penis popped into her rectum, 
quickly followed by the rest of my manhood.

"I wasn't going gentle on her -- she was just a one-night stand, so I pushed really hard to get my cock into 
her quickly. Her head shot up and whipped back and forth as I began raping her with all my pent up 
frustrations. I reached around, and turned the nails in her bleeding nipples around and around. Her shrieks 
and screams were quite audible even through the heavy gag, and they told me I was doing a good job.

"Holding back my cum has became a real talent, so I was able to bang her ass for quite some time. With one 
hand, I grabbed my belt and started whipping her small back again. The other one held her pretty red hair, 
and pulled it back hard with each thrust of my piston, so I could look into her tortured eyes. Each time I met 
her green eyes filled with indescribable anguish, I almost came.

"To keep the agony fresh for her, and thus my pleasure greater, I took a lighter and started burning the 
insides of her thighs with it. This caused her asshole to clench tighter around my cock.

"Faster and harder I raped her ass. When I was ready to come, I pulled out of her butt and went over to her 
face. I put my cock-tip right against her nostril. Her ragged breath caused me to cum ... And I must have 
cum for almost a full minute up her nose. She couldn't breath during this.

"After wards, I removed the gag and she puked out cum. I lifted up her pretty head and smacked her -- ' 
that's for making me cum too soon!' She was crying with half-closed eyelids -- very sexy.

"Afterwards, I went downstairs and raided her fridge for a beer. The note her parents had left was still on the 
dining room table --



'Honey,

  Gone for week. Be good. Have fun.'



"Well, she'd done both. It was dated yesterday. I mused on this. This girl would die if I just left now. I went 
back up to her room, where she shivered like mad on her bed, blood leaking out her ass, pussy and breasts. 
To complete the picture, I painfully squeezed her teddy-bear into her bloody asshole. To keep anyone from 
finding her for a week, I stuffed her panties into her mouth and taped them there.

"After I slowly withdrew the nails from her nipples, making sure to twist them out so she cried out in pain 
again, I cauterized her bleeding nips with my lighter.

"Exiting, I said ' you should be more careful from now-on little girl. Someone might hurt you!' I laughed and 
left her life...



"How'd she end up?" Asked Jonny.

"Oh," I said, "when they found her a week later, she had for some reason gone mad and incoherent..."


