Mountain 4

^^^^^^^^^^



The American was a young brunette, remember. For the past two days, she had 
been hanging from the ceiling by her arms; we'd only let her down twice so she 
didn't make a mess all over the room. Her arms must have been hurting her, so 
we let her down.

Seeing what we had done to the blond encouraged her to fight us as we led her 
across the room. But her hands were tied, and she was smaller and weaker than 
we were, so she lost.

We bent her body over the table, and strapped her arms to the side so that he 
had a nice shot at her rearside. We smacked and squeezed her ass for several 
minutes before pulling down our pants. Spreading her cheeks apart, I got a good 
aim at her pussy. It yielded to my cock as I started humping her from behind. I 
slammed into her good and hard, my body leaning over hers, grabbing handfuls 
of her hair like reigns. I don't know why she was squawking so much -- it's not 
like I was hurting her. Hell, most women like being fucked. It shouldn't matter 
that the man fucking her was raping her, and had just tortured and mutilated 
another woman. A fucking was still a fucking. But I guess she just didn't like to 
have fun. She wasn't a virgin either, to my great disapproval.

While I was humping her, Jonny got out another piece of firewood and started 
smacking the backs of her thighs. This made her twitch and moan, adding to my 
enjoyment. I let go of her hair with one hand and reached down, just above 
where my massive cock was impaling her. I slid my middle finger into her ass. 
She grunted and moaned, and I stuck another finger in. Two more, three more ... 
Finally, I had my whole hand her in ass, raping her cunt; I balled my fingers into 
a fist and started fist-fucking her asshole. Every time my cock went back, my fist 
shot forward. The girl was really getting it now -- her screams sounded like 
moans, her moans like screeches.

"Like that honey?" I asked, she shook her head from side to side, so I raped her 
harder to make her like it. Her young body trembled below me.

Finished beating her thighs, Jonny reached underneath her body and pulled her 
nipples out so I could see them. He twisted and pulled on them. This caused the 
brunette's back to arch, enabling my boy to get a better handhold on her tit, 
pulling it out even more painfully. His hungry mouth came down, and started 
chewing on her nipple like it was beef jerky, squeezing it between his teeth.

I withheld from cumming in this pig, and pulled out. As soon as my hand left her 
ass with a sucking sound, she shit all over herself. It ran down her legs and her 
whole body vibrated. Jonny and I laughed.

I scraped her feces off the ground into a bowl, and brought it in front of her. I 
heard her stomach growl. "Hungry, bitch? Eat!"

She tried to pull her head away, but I forced it down into the bowl. I worked her 
jaw until she had some shit in her mouth, then held it shut. She swallowed 
slowly and with a disgusted expression on her mouth.

"I thinks she likes being a toilet!" Said Jonny.

He unstrapped her and took her into the bathroom. Her tied her head face-up by 
the neck onto the toilet. He held her mouth wide open, and even though she tried 
to squirm out of the way, his jet of yellow-green piss smacked her in her lovely 
face and splashed into her mouth.

"Haha! That was good!" He said, as I walked in for my turn. I had to take a 
dump. "Hold her open!" I told Jonny as I sat on her face. This he did.

I sat down with my asshole next to her nose and my balls and soft penis hanging 
into her mouth.

*PIIISSSS* came first, and her pouty mouth filled with urine. Then with a big 
push, I started shitting on her face.

*mmpphh, mmpphh* she went as the shit filled her nostrils and mouth. Jonny 
got between her legs and started fucking her while I was still shitting on her face. 
She gagged on the awful piss and shit. When I was done, I used her hair to wipe 
myself with.

I looked down at this hapless girl. Her pretty teenage face was matted with shit. 
She tried spitting it out, but I carefully guided all of it until it was in her mouth, 
and held her jaw closed and nose pinched until she swallowed. Laughing, I left 
her to Jonny’s tender care.

In the living room, the Asian stared at me wide eyed. "Don't worry, meat. Your 
turns coming!" I laughed.

The next day, I went into the bathroom to see what Jonny had done. This pretty 
teens screams had been loud and anguished, so I assumes it had been fun. Yep.

Her head was still strapped to the toilet. He'd chewed both of her nipples off, and 
some other parts of her breast-meat. She hung limply, one foot nailed to the wall. 
The other leg he'd broken and twisted so that he could shove it in her anus. I 
could see she was still alive because she was breathing, but he'd ripped off her 
eyelids so I couldn't tell if she was asleep or not. I pissed on her face, and she 
screamed again as the urine stung her helpless eyes.

I pulled out the nail from the wall, undid the rope at her neck, and dragged her 
by her hair into the other room. I heated up two pokers in the fire. Then Jonny 
and I starting smacking her nippleless breasts with them, until her milkers we 
bruised, burned and bleeding. There was no end to her screaming.

Laughing at her agony, we played with her head, smacking it from side to side 
with logs until it too was bleeding profusely.

We beat her with all kinds of things - hot irons, blocks of wood, rolled-up 
magazines we found in her bag, our hands, our feet. Jonny ventured outside -- 
the storm was moving away now -- and brought in several heavy icicles. One 
went in her pussy; another up her ass next two her broken leg. She shivered with 
cold ad pain. We used the other icicles to abuse her 17-year old body some 
more. Anguish and torment were the rule for the day. When we ate that day, we 
stuck her ass in the fire and laughed at her shrill cries; then we stuck her head in 
and laughed harder as all her pretty hair burned off her head, leaving a scared 
scalp.

When we were done for the day, she was nothing but a bleeding, twitching thing 
on the floor. Her eyes were gone, blinded by several coals, but she continued to 
moan like an animal. We stuck her broken body down into the sewer, where all 
our shit and piss would hit her.



The next day, the storms had all passed and we knew the search and rescue 
teams would be here soon. But we didn't rush the torture of the Asian -- no, she 
had to stand her pain as well.

The blond was still hanging by her torn-up tits from the ceiling. She'd long ago 
stopped screaming, and now could only give me pitiful moans when I squeezed 
her stretched tit or flailed her pussy. Jonny liked rocking her back and forth on 
her tits, watching her swing and moan. He kept putting icicles in her cunt and 
ass, but even to that she only groaned weakly.

Well, all good things pass...

The black-haired Asian had been witness to both tortures, and she began 
babbling incoherently in her native tongue as soon as we removed the big ball-
gag that had stretched her jaw wide for several days. She didn't even struggle as 
we removed all her clothing, discovering she had small tits, which we squeezed 
and slapped, a hairless cunt and a flat ass. Her cunt was tight and her asshole 
tighter. I had trouble even getting my thumb into her ass. She didn't as much 
scream as go *umphhh*.

We carried the passive Asian bitch to the table, where so many other wonderful 
tortures had been carried out. She shook her head and repeated the same thing 
over and over. I guess it was, "no, no, please don't hurt me, please don't hurt 
me." Well, of course we were going to hurt her!

We tied her by her neck and narrow waist firmly to the table-top. Then we got 
some block of wood, a hammer and pliers.

"All right, Jonny," I said playfully, "break her!"

We started with her toes. I grabbed the little one on her right foot with the pliers, 
squeezed hard enough to make bone crunch, and then jerked it across. The 
Asian cried out softly in pain, but mainly it was her face that did the talking -- 
streaked in tears, her face muscles clenched and reclenched; her eyes 
alternatingly tightly closed or wide open.

Jonny got a second pair of pliers and began breaking the small, tender toes of her 
left foot as I broke the ones on her right.

Big toe --- *CRUNCH, SNAP* she jerked in pain, hands trying to reach down to 
stop us, but not of course reaching.

Next toe --- *CRUNCH, SNAP* I took the palm of my hand and moved all her 
broken toes around, listening to the cracked bones crunch and grind together, 
mixed with the soft exotic wails of our lovely.

Middle toe -- *SNAP, CRUNCH* I was getting hard again just from thinking 
how much pain she must be in. Then I looked at her suffering face and got an 
instant boner. Agony added to her beauty.

Finally, both Jonny and I were done destroying her toes. We played with them a 
little, enjoying the crunching. Then I took a log and placed it between her ankles. 
Jonny held one of her smooth legs against it while I took a hammers and 
hammered her ankle with all my might. The bone easily broke beneath the blow, 
and the Asian grimaced even more. Smiling, I gave the hammer to Jonny, and he 
wacked her other ankle.

Next, we repeated that process on each knee. Slowly, we were breaking this girl. 
Her agonized moans were low but constant. They were pleasant to listen to.

When we came up to her waist, my dick throbbed at the sight of her tight pussy. 
I had to punish it. So I ordered Jonny to slowly break her thigh joints while I 
went and got a hack-saw from the toolkit.

I lifted up her waist and put it resting down on the teeth of the blade. The I 
sawed the blade against her ass for a while; then I took the bloody blade, put it 
against her labia and sawed those away as well.

At this point, Jonny had broken both of her thighs, and finally the stupid pig was 
giving us the screams our efforts deserved. "Listen to that Jonny; you never will 
hear a finer sound. Too bad we have to do this one so quickly. She really should 
be made to suffer longer."

While Jonny started snapping her frail fingers, I lowered my head and gently 
licked her nipples. They tasted like salt and sweat. I clenched her nipple firmly 
between my teeth, and bit down, tearing and teasing it until to tore loose with a 
splatter of blood. Holding her nipple in my mouth, I went to her face, forced her 
screaming jaw open and frenched her, forcing her own nipple down her throat 
with my tongue. During this, my eyes stared deeply into hers, and their inky 
blackness reflected only suffering.

While my son got to bite off her other nipple and french her, I took a hammer 
and began cracking her ribs, one by one, 
*SMACK*SMACK*CRUNCH*CRUNCH*. One must have pierced a lung, 
cause she puked blood and had trouble drawing in enough air to make her fine 
screams.

We broke her wrist and elbows with my bare hands easily, she was so tiny. Then 
I took a hack-saw and sawed off her arms, forcing one into her bloody cunt and 
the other into her asshole. Jonny broke off her teeth and cracker her jaw by 
repeatedly hitting her face. Broke her nose the same way...

It was then we heard the first helicopter, and we quickly collected our stuff and 
ran into the woods.

I was expecting a big news report about it the next day, but there never was. 
Maybe the cabin was too far out for anyone to pay attention too. Or maybe, the 
rangers walked into the makeshift torture chamber and just laughed at what they 
saw...

Could happen.


