Archive-name: 3plus/model1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Model, The


    Jerry was your typical assistant professor at the University of
Pennsylvania. Mid-30's, married with two children, dedicated to his
job and completely inundated with bills. Mortgage bills, car payments,
credit cards, saving for the kids' weddings, you name it -- and now
Krissy, his wife of nine years, was bugging him for a new living room
rug. And while they had a nice house in the Germantown section of
Philadelphia, the couple was just making it on his salary and hers,
which wasn't much. Krissy was a clerk in a book shop and didn't make
that much money.

    So he decided to look for a part-time job, something he could do
after school and that wouldn't really take too much concentration. He
noticed an add in the Inquirer requesting a male nude model for a
small art school over on Chestnut Street, only about 25 minutes from
home and relatively close to the university.

    "Heck,'' Jerry thought as he drove home from work. "I keep in
pretty good shape. I'm no Adonis, but I work out once in a while.
There's not much flab. I'll give it a shot. I'll just tell Krissy I've
got a research project at the school and have to stay late a few
evening a week.''

    So the next moring he called the number in the add. A woman named
Veronica answered and took all the regular information.

    "Did he ever model before?''she asked. "Well, no but I think I
could strike a pose.''

    ``Would it bother you to ne completely nude in front of about 12
women, all graduate students?'' "Ahh, I've never done this before,''
Jerry deliberated. "But I don't think it would bother me once I got
over the initial posing.'' "Well, why don't you come down for an
interview,' Veronica said. "How about noon tomorrow? Do you know where
we're located?'' ``Sure, I work at Penn. Sounds great,'' Jerry
replied. ``See you then.''

    The next day during a break in his classes Jerry went to the art
studio. Veronica turned out to about 35, he guessed. She had raven
hair, about mid-length down her back. Her tight form-fitting dress
accented an admirable perfectly toned figure, which benefited from
ample breasts and a well-defined bottom.

    She interviewed Jerry in the empty studio, which was on the second
floor of a retail store. After a few preliminary questions, Veronica
said the job payed $15 an hour. Was he still interested? Jerry said he
was. Veronica now asked Jerry to go behind a screen, strip naked, and
come out in front of her.

    ``Uh oh,'' thought Jerry, who sometimes even had reservations
about undressing in front of wife. ``Here goes. If I could get through
this, I shouldn't have any problem.''

    He took off all his clothes, and with a towel draped around his
middle, came out and stood on the little stage that was positioned in
front of the class. Veronica gestured for him to drop the drape, and
Jerry stood there nude, totally bare. The instant the towel hit the
floor, Jerry felt a rush of adrenaline surge through his body and a
sort of sqishy feeling in the pit of his stomach. It wasn't
unpleasurable though. He shivered involuntarily, and felt a tingling
in his cock and tightening of his balls.

    ``Damn,'' he thought as the cool pungent air of the studio
caressed his naked flesh, ``I hope I don't get an erection --- that
will blow it for sure.''

    Veronica surveyed his naked form for a couple of minutes, had him
strike a few poses, and then instructed him to turn around so she
could see his back muscles and buttocks. Jerry involuntarily felt his
sphincter muscle start to contract, and his dick start to rise. He
mentally told his cock to stay put, but he couldn't stop the
gravitation, it seemed to have a mind of its own. There was something
erotic about having a pretty woman gaze at your naked and totally
exposed body. His cock slowly inched up to a near horizontal position,
its bulbous red dickhead prominently displayed and its thickly veined
shaft growing longer and thicker. Jerry felt like he could ejaculate
without even touching his penis.

    ``Oh God,'' he thought, ``I hope she doesn't ask me to turn around
now. I'll never get the job. She doesn't want me getting hard in front
of her students.''

    But Veronica, apparently oblivious to the model's anxiety, calmly
asked Jerry to slowly pirouette. He did, reluctantly.

    Jerry turned cautiosly, his blood-engorged cock a full hard-on
now, slightly upturned at an acute angle. Veronica looked directly at
Jerry's twitching iron-hard dick, which strained outward for her
unabashed view. She nodded approvingly, asked him to get dressed, and
said she'd wait for him in her tiny office off the studio floor to
discuss the terms of the contract --- if he was still interested.

    Jerry gratefully retreated behind the screen, his cock jutting out
straight out from his underbelly. There was a little drop of pre-cum
that had oozed from his slit. He'd never been this aroused, even on
his wedding night, and slowly moved his hand down to his engorged
prick, stroked it and started to masturbate. He couldn't help himself
and was nervous about being caught, but Veronica was in her office.
Anyway, he kind of liked the idea of someone watching him jerk off his
dick. He cupped his hard, tight cum sac in his left hand, massaged his
testicles, and starting beating off with his right. Jerry concentrated
on his nicley formed circumcised cockhead and feverishly masturbated,
sliding his hand up and down his dickpole with such intensity his
actions almost hurt. In a matter of 30 seconds, Jerry emitted a soft
gutteral animal sound, almost like a kiiten mewing, orgasmed and
spurted hot cum in a high arch from his prickhead. It hit the floor
with a sort of splat. Jerry continued to stroke his cum-slicked shaft
as torrents of white, opaque man-juice cascaded out of his cumhole
until his testicles would emit no more. Spent, Jerry squeezed every
last drop of semen from his wilting cock, quickly donned his underwear
and got dressed. He felt strange now that the act was over.

    Little did he know Veronica had witnessed his intense masturbation
exhibition. In fact, Veronica took great pleasure in watching a man
masturbate and making himself cum; she'd seen many. It gave her a
feeling of power, of being in total control of a male's body ---
including his cock, his mouth and, especially, his asshole. 

   Jerry went to Veronica's office, a little sheepishly as he was thinking
about what he had just done. But his feeling of shame disappeared when
she offered him the job, a nine-week stint with three classes a week,
which he accepted. In his excitement, he totally forgot he had left
his semen on the floor behind the screen.

    ``OK Jerry,'' she said. ``We'll see you tomorrow at 7. We're going
to have you pose for an artistic essay entitled `Humility.' See you
then.''

    Veronica waited for Jerry to leave, then went over to where he had
cum on the floor. She felt aroused, she felt powerful as she dipped
her finger into the thickening puddle of jism. She smelled its faint
musty odor and wondered if Jerry had ever tasted his own ejaculate.
She felt sexually aroused as she remembered the look on Jerry's face
when he masturbated. Veronica took a paintbrush with a rather thick
handle, caressed its smooth shaft, and then rubbed it along the
sensitive folds of her pussy through her silk dress. She could feel
herself becoming very wet. Oh, how she wanted to masturbate, to jam
that paintbrush up her asshole while she fingered her sopping cunt
gash. She wanted to cum with a frenzy that would exhaust her and cause
her woman juices to copiously flow out of her lovehole. But all good
things would come, she told herself as she slid the paintbrush along
her outer lips, the feeling of silk on her shaved pubes adding to the
sensation. She barely touched her rigid little clitoris through her
dress, and experienced a minor orgasmic tremor throughout her taut,
sexually wired body. She stuck her hand under her dress and dipped a
finger into her sodden snatch, brought it up to her red-lipsticked
lips and sucked the sweet, musky woman juice from her finger.

    ``Yes,'' she sighed with a longing look in her eye. ``All good
things will come.''

    The next evening, Jerry showed up about 10 minutes before seven.
There were 12 students, all women, in the studio, and Veronica. She
introduced him to the class --- he figured most of the students were
about 21 or 22 --- then told him to get undressed. Nobody payed him
the least bit of attention when he came out from behind the screen
wrapped in a loose bathrobe Veronica had provided.

    Veronica led him up to the little stage where she had positioned
sort of a bench with poles sticking up vertically about three-and-half
feet in the air from one end. They had stirrup-like hookups attached
to them. This end faced the class, which was busy readying their oils,
brushes and canvases. Veronica told Jerry to disrobe and lie on the
bench with his legs, penis and ass cleft facing the class. She then
instructed him to hook his feet in the stirrups, which pulled his legs
up and apart from his body, giving the students a wide open view of
his genitals and virgin brown bunghole. She hooked his feet into the
stirrups with velcro straps. Next she put a pillow under the small of
his back so his naked pelvis was slanted at just the right angle to
afford all the women a very graphic view of his already hardening
cock, his cum-laden balls and his puckered tight asshole. She then
took both his wrists and tied them to the sides of the bench. In
effect, Jerry was helpless. ``This is just for effect Jerry,''
Veronica reassured him. Jerry wondered.

    ``Class,'' Veronica said. ``This is Jerry, our new model. Please
accept him as you would anyone else. Tonight, we're going to
concentrate on human humility, which is why Jerry is posed like this.
Are we ready to begin?''

    The students took on a serious light now that they were ready to
start painting. They scrutinized Jerry and soon only the sound of
paint hitting canvas and an occasional call for Veronica's instruction
was heard. Before long, Veronica announced it was time for the
students to put a little more realism into their work. She called a
pretty, petite brunette named Vicki up to the platform where Jerry was
posing.

    ``Vicki, my how pretty you look tonight,'' Veronica said. ``Would
you care to inject a little realism into the class this evening?''
Vicki said sure.

    She was about 5'2'', 105 pounds with a nice figure and a perfectly
shaped ass, which she was the most proud of. She started slowly
undressing in front of Jerry, whose cock had gone flaccid after he
became accustomed to the pose. First she took off her blouse and bra,
revealing very full tits with hard little brownish nipples that stuck
out about 1/2 inch. She started massaging her tits right in front of
Jerry, where he could see her between his outstretched legs, pulling
on her already stimulated nipples until they were hard little buds of
excitement. Soon, Vicki's teats were rigid little members of
prehensile tissue as she continued to masturbate her breasts. Jerry
though he saw tiny droplets of fluid seeping out of her nipples, but
it was probably just perspiration. Jerry's cock began to rise, and he
started to question the validity of this exhibition, but when he
opened his mouth to speak, Veronica, who had been standing behind him,
taped a piece of duct tape over his lips so he couldn't talk. Jerry's
eyes got wide with fear and trepidation. ``What the fuck is going
on?'' he wondered.

    Ignoring her voluptuous, full tits for the time being, Vicki
unzipped her shorts and slid her hand down the front of them. She
wasn't wearing any panties and Jerry could see a little wisp of cunt
hair right above where her zipper made a V in her shorts. She slowly
slid her shorts off to reveal an upraised pubic mound that was just
barely covered with fine brown pussy down. Jerry could make out her
labia majora, and noticed a faint glistening reflecting from her slit.
His turgid member rose skyward and pulsed spasmodically, totally
beyond his control.

    "I have a very wet pussy, Jerry,'' Vicki said, inserting her index
finger far up her cunt. She then brought her finger up to her nose and
whiffed in her vaginal aroma. ``But my asshole is even sweeter. Would
you like to smell it, to taste it. Would you like to lick it? Would
you like to eat out my sweet little puckerhole? I think you would.
While you're tonguing my shithole, I think I'll clean you up a bit.''

    Jerry violently shook his head. This was getting out of control.
What did she mean, `clean you up a bit?' When he saw Veronica hand her
the straight razor, his heart lept to his throat. She was going to
shave his dick hair. His naked and totally exposed body shivered; he
was terrified. What would he tell his wife?

    Vicki, totally naked, took the razor from Veronica, who instructed
the class to take important notice of the act.  ``Concentrate on
Jerry's cock,'' she told the students. ``Watch how hard it stays. But
don't paint anything until Vicki has shaved his prick.''

    Vicki staddled the befuddled model's body, her pert, luscious ass
positioned inches from Jerry's face and her head down near his
fantastically engorged cock. She applied some shaving cream to his the
base of his straining cock and ran her fingers ever so lightly up and
down the thick, pulsing shaft, and then started to very carefully
shave his prick hair. Veronica was standing behind Jerry and looked
down at her newest captive.

    ``Jerry, I'm going to take off the tape now, and you will lick and
suck Vicki's pretty asshole until I tell you to stop. If you scream or
won't suck out her rectum, Vicki's hand just might slip. We wouldn't
want that now, would we? I want you to stick your tongue up her
asshole as far as you can and swirl it around. Then start sucking her
hole.''

    Veronica ripped the tape from the crazed model's lips and spread
Vicki's ass cheeks so Jerry's mouth was very close to her hole, which
was brown and puckered, although very clean.

    ``Suck it, Jerry, lick her asshole until I tell you to stop. Smell
her womanly odor,'' Veronica instructed as Vicki continued to shave
his pubic manhood.

    Jerry could do nothing but comply with her wishes. He tentatively
eased his tongue near her shithole, but reluctantly pulled away.
Veronica noticed his aversion, and chose another student, Patty, to
position herself directly in front of his testicles. She gave Patty a
testicle clamp, which she proceeded to clamp onto Jerry's semen-filled
scrotum. It took little pressure on the stainless steel nut-clamp to
convince Jerry he had better lick and suck.

    Jerry licked Vicki's ass slit like a dog lapping water, his rough
tongue exploring every inch of her beautiful bottom. Veronica opened
up Vicki's hole and Jerry was staring into the black recess of her
rectum. He forced his tongue up the dark tunnel as Vicki illicited
soft moans and an occasional jerk of her pelvis. The scratchy feeling
around his prick continued; soon his prick was completely naked. It
towered over his stomach like a thick obscene pole. Now Vicki, her job
completed, squatted directly over Jerry's mouth and gyrated her
perfect ass to the rhythm of his tongue thrusts. She ground her
pungent shithole into Jerry's face, making his gasp for lack of air.

    In minutes, her moans became gasps, then soft sreams; she was
cumming. As Jerry continued to suck her brownhole, Vicki came like a
bucking horse in a rodeo, her sweet, musky nectar flowing down her
inner thighs and back along the gap of her ass cheeks onto Jerry's
heaving face, now slick and shiny with woman-cum. He almost choked as
some of her cunt juice found its way back into his throat. Vicki,
overcome with orgasmic bliss, still flowed freely, her cunt-cum
cascading from her fuck-tunnel until she collapsed on Jerry's stomach,
her ass still slowly grinding into his glistening, wet, cum-drenched
face. Mustering up what little energy she had left, Vicki got off
Jerry's body,and went down to where his grossly rigid cock swayed
unfettered above his body.

    She looked directly into his pussy-cum filled face and started
masturbating her tits once again, which appeared fuller and riper than
before. Before Jerry could think, or scream, Veronica sealed the woman
juice and fecal residue in his mouth with a new piece of duct tape.
Jerry felt like throwing up; his stomach heaved and spasmed, but he
was helpless. Vicki had her nipples working overtime, pulling and
pinching the erect milkbuds with such vigor she softly cried out.
Suddenly, with a muuffled gasp, breastmilk spurted out from her
extended teats in a fine spray. She savagely milked her lactating
breasts, directing the warm stream of sweet milk right on Jerry's
naked prick, which was oozing seminal fluid. The hot fluid flowed
freely down his slick shaft and onto the slit of his ass, and soon
formed an ever-widening puddle of her fluid where his ass met the
bench.

    ``Thank you, Vicki,'' said Veronica, as she softly stroked Vicki's
hair. Does anyone else wish to participate?''

    Robin raised her hand. She was athletically built, with nice firm
thigh muscles and pert ass. Robin joined Veronica on the stage and
watched as Vicki settled down in a chair next to the stage, opened her
thighs wide and continued to finger-fuck her love tunnel.

    Robin wasted no time in completely stripping in front of Jerry,
whose poor aching prick jerked on its own accord, waiting for its
moment of release. She stood in front of Jerry where he could see her,
and started to slowly masturbate for him, softly stroking her soft
petals until they became wet with her juices. Grinding her pelvis to
the movements of her hand and fingers, it wasn't long before Robin
felt that familiar surge building deep within her loins. She suddenly
stopped masturbating, climbed up on the bench and positioned her cunt
right over Jerry's face.

    ``Do you like the look, the smell of my naked pussy?'' Robin asked
Jerry, who emphatically shook his head yes. ``Look how wet it is,
watch as I finger-fuck myself. But first Jerry I have to pee.''

    Jerry couldn't believe what he heard. She had to what? Before he
could fully understand her words, he saw Robin open her pisshole
inches from his cum-stained face and start to piss herself off. The
warm urine sped from her hole in a thin steady stream onto his face,
over his cheeks and into his nose and ears. His face was a combination
of agony and disbelief, smothered in Vicki's acrid cum and now the
warm, dank smell of piss, which continued to spray from Robin's cunt.
He closed his eyes, but the piss continued to wet his face and body.
He felt like she'd never stop. Finally, his pissbath was over, and
then Robin inches from his face came like a geyser, her nectar flowing
down her thighs and bathing Jerry's abused face with a new coating of
cum.

    ``Well, Jerry, you've certainly held up well, I must say,''
Veronica told him, as she started to undo her blouse. ``I think it's
time for you to have a little pleasure of your own.''  She continued
stripping, until her well-formed body was nude. She shaved her pubes,
so Jerry could make out perfectly her thin pussy-slit, which was agape
and coated with her shiny dew. Veronica took out a double-headed dildo
from the drawer underneath the bench, and with great ceremony inserted
one end into her sopping gash. She buckled the belt around her waist
and stood in front of Jerry, who by now knew what he was in for.
Veronica slowly approached Jerry's cum- and milk-smeared virgin
asshole, and let the huge head of the didlo waver inches from his
rectal opening. She looked him directly in his terrified eyes, and
then just barely let the tip of the dildo touch his anus.

    That was too much for Jerry to withstand; his back arched, his
body convulsed and jerked, his toes curled --- and semen pulsed out of
his tormented cock in long, sticky white globs that shot in high arcs
over his stomach, his thighs and his puckered shithole. He couldn't
stop cumming; his body spasmodically twitched as each pulse of hot cum
left his jism-hole. At the height of his climax, Veronica jammed the
dildo as hard as she could into his hot, untouched bunghole. Jerry
tensed and winced, the pain was intense, but couple with his orgasm,
soon subsided into a pleasurably feeling. He felt the long rod slide
up and down his shit canal as Veronica fucked his asshole like a
crazed animal. She grunted and grunted and flung every bit of her
passion into her thrusts. In a matter of minutes, Jerry felt her pace
quicken, her eyes were closed, her teeth biting her lip.

    Then she came, squealing and screaming like he had ever heard. Her
hips thrusted and bucked, her nipples evolved into rock-hard points,
her entire being tensed and quivered as the orgasmic wave engulfed her
sex-crazed body. The orgasm triggered her into a sexual frenzy as she
reamed the dildo deep into his bowels following each ripple of her own
lewd orgasm, until Jerry felt no pain at all. Veronica's body was
wracked with pleasure as she finally withdrew the double-headed dildo,
slick with sweat, breastmilk, cum and shit. She had to sit down, the
exertion had drained her.

    When she regained her composure, Veronica, still naked and shiny
with perspiration, came up to Jerry's sex-ravaged body, now reduced to
an obscene shameful plaything. She undid the straps that held his legs
to the standards and ordered him to kneel and face the class.

    ``Now Jerry, you will humiliate yourself to the utmost,''
commanded Veronica, her voice punctuated with tiny gasps and her tits
still heaving after her sexual outburst. ``You will jerk your cock off
with one hand and stick your finger of the other deep up your anus
until you cum for the entire class. Do it now!!''

    Jerry had no other recourse but to obey. His prick was an iron
pipe once more, as he knelt in front of the class that was laughing
and cheering him on. Most of the women were totally naked now, some
masturbating themselves with the handles of paintbrushes, others
engaged in lesbian love, sucking each other's pussy-holes and
assholes. But now they all turned their attention to the naked form on
the bench, which was stroking his cock to no end.

    Jerry slid his fist up and down his thick shaft, well-lubricated
with a variety of bodily fluids. He jammed his finger up his open now
willing anus, and set his thrusts in rhythm to his anal probing. One
student came up behind him and pinched and massaged his nipples, while
another gently squeezed his tight nut-sac that was in the process of
generating a huge load of semen. With all the attention directed at
his writhing naked body, Jerry knew he would cum very shortly. He felt
his sperm start to boil in his testicles, and quickened his hand
motion. Now he prodded his anal cavity with two fingers and beat his
meat to the encoragement of the audience. When his prick could take no
more, he grunted loudly and released spurt after spurt of long white,
viscous semen from his cum-slit. His body convulsed with sexual
energy; his fingers that were rammed up his asshole felt his cum
travel its torrid route, pulse by pulse, until his naked body was
nothing more than a quivering, jerking model of shame and humiliation.
His hands were soon sticky with his cum, that still jerked out of his
ultra-sensitive prickhead. Jerry, exhausted and his face contorted
with pleasure, layed back with his legs tucked under him as his dick
finally released its final gush of hot cum. It stayed hard, swayed
back and forth and dribbled what little semen his balls had left.
Veronica came up and milked every last drop from his beleagured cock,
once more sending him over the edge into orgasmic utopia.

    When his convulsions had ceased, Jerry gazed into the nude
Veronica's steel-hard eyes, then let his glance drift down to her
bare, exposed cunt, which had little drops of cum still escaping her
fuck tunnel. He would do anything for her now.

    ``Jerry, that's it for tonight.'' she said. ``There's a shower in
the back office. Why don't you go clean up. And Jerry, we'll see you
at 7 sharp tomorrow, OK?''

    Jerry feebly nodded his head. Yes, he'd be there, Krissy still
wanted that new living room rug.
--

