                               MOIRA'S TICKET

             She asked for a private meeting to discuss going on  my
        show. Where we had met before, and  radio stations are often
        crowded,  noisy and frantic, I set the appointment for  five
        at my home.  My show finishes at four, but there's always  a
        problem, meeting or phone calls.  "Five would be fine."  she
        said.

             Moira was the Director of the Women's League  political
        organization  and I do a local talk show on issues, so  here
        she is, coming up my walkway looking like a million bucks in
        a tight black skirt, white blouse and tall black "heels."  I
        opened the door.

             "Welcome."

             Her smile flashed a thousand hellos as she jiggled ever
        closer.  Moira was from the generation that "Never to go out
        without  a pair of pumps." and her hair bounced nicely  with
        each  "clop" of her cadence.  She had a manila  envelope,  a
        two foot long box and a big smile.

             "How are you?" she said with exciting feminine  modula-
        tion  as I took the box and  envelope.  Purely on impulse  I
        kissed her on the cheek while the immortal bard's great  and
        considerable truth, "A woman is a dish for the gods."  burst
        in my brain like dawn, I felt that I was drinking  something
        wet, wonderful, and risky.

             "My God!" I exclaimed, "How impetuous of me!  I..."

             "How  nice."  she interrupted gracefully,  "And,  thank
        you."

             "Ladies always look so sharp." I attempted to recover.

             "It's expected." she said the way a mature woman  could
        annunciate;  with authority.

             "And you enjoy it." I pronounced with a smile.

             "I do." she said rising on her toe and turning grandly.

             "Wowzo!" I gushed in sophomoric Walter Denton, cracking
        high  school  intonation  as she spun  full  turn  and  then
        stepped into the living room.

             "What a lovely new home." she observed as I closed  the
        door.  She was like a cat, moving smoothly through the  room
        in a tight skirt with an inviting long zipper up the butt as
        she strutted through the room on stilleto heels.

             "Well thank you.  I just finished it.  It's been a year
        in work."

             How gracefully she moved, turning back to me as I drank
        every move of her trim body.

             "It needs a few things."  She quipped as she  slithered
        to  me, "From a woman's point of view..."  pausing,  turning
        her  foot  presenting a profile of one tall pump  with  trim
        ankle.  This was a woman with authority, power and grace.

             "Curtains?"

             "Yes."

             "Well,  the  lady  will have to come  first."  and  she
        twirled, spinning to present herself frontally.

             "Bachelor?"

             "Divorced."

             "y tu?"

             "Si." she responded

             We smiled longingly, and I wondered, "What would it  be
        like?"  She broke the moment with a blink and a smile  show-
        ing  lines  of time, while I reflected with mine  more  than
        hers by ten.

             "Let us continue..." I said in my best "gallant," lead-
        ing her through the house.

             "Notice  we don't really have halls.  In my design  all
        space is used.  This is the master bedroom.   And,  this..."
        I started to point to the kitchen, but she had gone  through
        the door.

             "Oh!" she exclaimed, "What is that?"

             A thousand thoughts raced through my mind as I wondered
        if she were looking in my closet, the bathroom, not  cleaned
        in a week, or under the bed, but as I entered saw her point-
        ing to the patio.

             "Oh!" I exclaimed in relief.  "That's a solar oven."

             She  went to the sliding door, opened it, and  strutted
        out to the patio, with sun highlights sliding on her  shoes.
        The  way she moved on those heels was something  to  behold.
        "How do they do it?"  She flowed fluidly...

             "Oh!  There's something in there!" she exclaimed.

             "Two squab. My favorite foul.  It cooks them slowly and
        renders all the fat.  Very healthy."

             "I'm sure." she observed, looking at me warmly and then
        I saw the approval women have for men doing something domes-
        tic.  Why not?  Everyone has to eat!

             "Perhaps  you'll stay for dinner?"  I asked  hopefully,
        and she only smiled, a definite "Maybe..." so I took her  by
        the hand.

             "How graceful you are."  I said sincerely, struck  with
        the  way she moved.  A younger woman may have  blushed,  but
        Moira  smiled  knowingly a monument to all  that  couturier,
        chemistry and culture could complete, flashing her  stunning
        presence to a man caught in urges, tempered by training  and
        teachings of time.  A ballet of genes, yens and cautions.

             "How wonderful of you to say that."  she said,  pushing
        herself  to  me, kissing with purpose and  brushing  closely
        confirming my arousal.  She was complete.  Then she  stepped
        back.

             "Well." she exclaimed as if to say, "What else?"

             "Would you care for some wine?"

             "Should I?" she asked, asking, and I smiled.

             Without a word, and her hand in mine, I led her to  the
        bar where she hopped onto a stool, crossed one leg over  the
        other,  presenting  a long, magnificent work of  nature.   I
        reached  into the refrigerator where I kept two  bottles  of
        champagne chilled, grabbed one, added another, and opened it
        carefully.

             "Champagne?"

             "It's all I drink, and a bottle a day keeps the  doctor
        away."

             "A bottle?"

             "It's  only  three  cups, but I have more  in  case  we
        prefer."   Her  smiling silence suggested we  would  as  she
        continued  to twirl her pointy pump pensively  but  provoca-
        tively.

             "What a magnificent leg."

             "I have two."

             "I know."

             "You're a leg man."

             "And, a pump man.  I love plain pumps on women.  Taste-
        ful simplicity."

             "Thank  you,  they're  my preference  too?"   she  said
        twirling her foot delightfully.

             "Now, to business." I paused, "I am at your service?"

             "Oh,"  she flashed, "Yes..." and she turned to the  box
        opening  it  to reveal a paddle!  I hadn't  seen  one  since
        college or felt one since junior high school, but the  sight
        was slightly alarming.

             "This is why I wanted a private meeting." she began and
        I felt some warmth on my cheeks. "You know about SB 221, the
        Campbell bill?" she continued.

             "The corporal punishment bill?"

             "Yes.  Well  this is a paddle legally  defined  in  the
        bill.   I had it specially made for me." she said opening  a
        copy  of  the  legislation,  putting  on  glasses  to  read.
        "Listen to this:"

             "Said  paddle must be 18 to 24 inches long, have a  six
        inch  handle and a 12 to 18 inch working surface.   "Working
        surface?" she interrupted herself, looking over her glasses,
        as  I smiled, then she continued.  "It is to weigh  no  more
        than one pound.  And, then it goes on to describe the number
        of swats per offense, and so on..."  She put down her glass-
        es.

             "I would guess you're against this."  I offered.

             "Well certainly!" she exclaimed, "It's barbaric."

             "I don't think so."

             "Well!" she huffed.

             "Have you ever been paddled?"

             "Me?"  She was shocked.

             "Yes."

             "Certainly not." she said with a toss of her head.

             "Then you don't know what you're talking about."

             "I was told you might be like this."

             "I'm  professionally contrary, but really I think  it's
        OK.

             "Well," she huffed again, "have you ever been paddled?"

             "Certainly." I answered, "I grew up in the middle  west
        in the 50's.  That's all they did was paddle our butts  when
        we had it coming."

             "Had it coming?"

             "Usually over something we'd done to girls."  That gave
        her pause and she sipped from her glass.

             "What does it feel like?" she asked and then I knew the
        wine was working faster than usual.

             "It stings, but it's not all that bad."

             "What do you mean?"

             "Bend over and I'll show you."

             "You'd really do it, wouldn't you." she frowned slight-
        ly.

             "Sure, but only in the name of education."

             "Are you daring me?"

             "No,  I  just think if you're going to  get  mad  about
        something of which you have no knowledge and that's foolish.
        Try it, then you'll know."

             "OK."  She stood, handed me the paddle, took a position
        in front of me and bent over.  I grabbed her by the belt and
        then:

                                  "WHAP!"

             She straightened up with wide eyes.

             "Oh!" she exclaimed, "Oh my!" and she grabbed her butt,
        "What a strange sensation!"

             "You're wearing too much clothing to really feel it."

             "You mean..."

             "The real swats are done bareback."

             "Hardly."

             "Yes." I said as she sat.

             I  took the moment to tend to the music, picking a  New
        Age CD blend of sitar, tambla and synthesizer.

             "I feel I've known you a long time." I said as I opened
        the second bottle.

             "Is that a line?"

             "Yes,  but true.  You're very relaxed and you're  right
        at home."

             "You're the only man who ever laid a hand on me."

             "How does it feel?"

             "Oh," she said wistfully, "I can feel it."

             "If  it's  done right you'll feel it for  a  couple  of
        days."

             "You mean bare."

             "Yes, or almost..."

             The  sky was yellowing and the room turned to  gold  as
        the music set the mood and I poured the wine.  She was  such
        a  celebration  of life lived well  and  intelligently.   So
        together in so many ways and so gloriously beautiful.

             "I really think this is a stupid bill and we  shouldn't
        start spanking people for breaking the law."

             "Well,  the jails are full and too often  misdemeanants
        get  off  without any real penalty.  They don't  pay  fines.
        What can we do?  They're just trying to reduce crime."

             "Well,  the Women's League is against this 100%  and  I
        would like to present our arguments on your show."

             "OK,"  I agreed, "but we do have a few things  to  talk
        about."

             "Oh my!" she exclaimed, inhaling deeply as she present-
        ed her ample chest, "It's getting late."

             "That means you'll have to stay for dinner."

             "Only if I can make the salad.  Do you have an apron?"

             "OK,  but if you're going to stay, I'll have to  change
        into  something more appropriate."  I was wearing  a  casual
        polo shirt and the lady was in heels. It seemed a little one
        sided.  "What would you prefer?"

             "Oh, I love men in tuxedos!" she smiled.  "Do you  have
        a tuxedo?"

             "Do I look Mafioso?"

             "No,"  she laughed. "I'll settle for white shirt and  a
        nice tie.  I just love men in white shirts and ties, but let
        me  pick them." she said hopping off the stool with a  quick
        leap "clopping" to the floor and a clatter of heels.

             We  went to the bedroom and I pushed open  the  closet.
        Her  eyes passed quickly over the shirts on hangers and  she
        touched one in a plastic storage bag.

             "My Fiesta shirt?"

             "Yes.  Please...."

             "Oh Lord."  It was a 19th century high collared costume
        shirt I only wore during our annual "Fiesta."  Local  celeb-
        rities,  dignitaries  and characters were expected  to  play
        parts in the annual celebration and the shirt was uncomfort-
        able, but I had offered and she was grinning widely.

             "I just love these shirts.  I wish men wore them  now!"
        She was dancing in anticipation.

             "OK,  you do the salad and I'll change."  She left  the
        room with a quick turn and a great "going away" strut worthy
        of an erection.  I took a quick shower, got into the  shirt,
        stretching upward to get the stiff, high collar closed.  The
        tie  felt  more like a noose than a cravat, then  into  some
        fresh pants.

             "Excellent!"  she  announced  as I  entered  the  room,
        giving her a "matinee idol" profile side view.

             "Now  we're both slaves to fashion." I  observed.   "My
        neck,  your feet, and God-only-knows-what-all, are in  pain-
        producing, ridiculous garments."

             "But  we're exciting."  she whispered loudly,  wrapping
        her arms around me and kicking her right foot into my  view,
        kissing  me  again.  Then she rubbed up against  me  firmly,
        running her fingers over my collar as we kissed.   Suddenly,
        I felt like I had just discovered girls!

             "Oh, I love these collars." she said as she tapped  the
        starched tube gracing my neck.  Then she moved away, got  on
        the stool and picked up the copy of the bill.

             "Listen to this!" she exclaimed, "Speeders will get one
        swat  for  every two miles per hour they're over  the  speed
        limit.  If the number exceeds ten swats the misdemeanant may
        arrange  to get one spanking per week until all  swats  have
        been given.  This is barbaric!" she exclaimed.

             "Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?" I sensed this
        issue was close to home.

             "As  a matter of fact," she began slowly, "I  did  just
        last  week over by the Adams school.  They're so silly  with
        that 25 mile per hour business."

             "And how fast were you going?"

             "35"

             "Five swats."

             She grew quiet as I continued to prepare dinner.

             "I'll get the squabs."

             As  I took the birds from the oven she  emerged  moving
        more  fluidly than ever, as if she had just left the  ladies
        lube  rack, a flawless picture of style and grace.  She  was
        the perfect mature woman and I no longer felt silly in  that
        old style stiff collar.  It seemed right for the occasion

             "It's ready."

             "I  know."  she said as the approached  and  we  kissed
        again.

             "The  energy that cooked these birds boiled of the  sun
        only eight minutes before we used it."

             "I  love it when you talk dirty." she said and  then  I
        knew the jewel of her charm was humor.  She had real humor -
        a rare item in young women and a skill in those who dare.

             Finally all was ready and I asked, "Shall we sit?"

             We began eating in silence, affirming our comfort  with
        each other and completeness with ourselves.

             "How's yours?"

             "Perfect." she answered and I lifted my glass.

             "To my friend."

             "How  adorable." she affirmed and we  touched  glasses,
        put them to our lips and drank of the wine and its bubbles.

             I've had some strange dinners:  seasoned with  emotion,
        meaning  or  promise, but this was one for the  books.   The
        whole world stopped as we celebrated, gazing at each  other,
        the  room,  the sky, and the emerging stars.  My  penis  was
        throbbing and I could feel that she wanted me, and here  was
        the beautiful side of maturity:  We could build the moment.

             "How  should  we do the show?" she  asked,  adding,  "I
        don't want to come off like some shrill witch on a crusade."

             "If  we were going to do this show right," I  began  in
        measured  tones,  "we would paddle you on the air  for  your
        speeding ticket and then you could talk about it."

             "What a scandal!" she laughed.

             "Yes, but great radio."

             And  what  a scandal it would be.  Not only  was  Moira
        politically prominent, but she was in "The Old Money"  bunch
        and knew everyone in the town.

             "I  cannot imagine what would happen if we did  it."  I
        said  without a clear thought of where this was  going.   It
        was just too bizarre and then I noticed her glass was empty.
        "I'll open another bottle." and she smiled.

             We continued going over the details of the bill, but no
        show concept was developing.

             "I  know now why they say you should never  watch  sau-
        sages or laws being made." she commented

             "It's a pretty boring bill once you get past the idea."

             "What are we going to do?" she asked.

             "I  still think we should spank you for  your  speeding
        ticket,  especially since it was in front of a  school,  and
        you can tell the world what it's like."  She looked straight
        at me with two bleary eyes.

             By  now  the lady was plain drunk and horny.   All  she
        could  do was produce a lusty laugh and breathy belch.   She
        only had to fart I would have heard all the sounds she could
        make, but I wasn't far behind her inebriation.

             "Let's  do  it!" she announced and stood up  taking  my
        hand.  "Where should we do it?"

             "Probably the bedroom, if you don't mind."

             "Not  at all, but shouldn't we have a trial and a  sen-
        tencing?" she asked.

             "Certainly."  I agreed and led her to the front  of  my
        bar area, placed her on a low seat.  Then I took the  paddle
        in hand and sat on a high stool behind the bar.  She crossed
        her legs and looked at me with a smile.

             "And how do you plead, Madam?"

             "I'm guilty your honor."

             "For speeding by the Adams Elementary School, ten miles
        per  hour over the limit, it is the sentence of  this  court
        that  you shall be given five swats with this  paddle.   May
        God have mercy on your butt." and we both began to giggle.

             "Take  me away, your honor." she announced putting  her
        wrists  together in front of her and then she said, "Do  you
        have any handcuffs?  I've always wanted to be in handcuffs."

             "As a matter of fact I do.  I keep them in case I catch
        a prowler or burglar." and I reached in the drawer where  my
        "bracelets" were stored.

             "Behind"  she instructed as she placed her arms  behind
        her and I shut the clamps around them.

             "Oh God," she said, "it's hard to walk like this." as I
        led her to the bedroom and she wobbled noticeably.

             When we entered I led her to a position in front of  my
        full length mirror so she could view her own spanking.

             "I  think  we should remove your skirt,  if  you  don't
        mind."

             "I'm wearing pantyhose."

             "That  doesn't matter.  I spray a little water on  them
        and they'll help."

             "Help?"

             "They  do that in England when they  cane  schoolgirls.
        They wear a "spanking dress" made out of sheet cloth and the
        wet the butt area.  Just wait here." and I left the room  to
        get my fern atomizer from the bathroom, but stopped to  pour
        some alcohol in it.

             "I'm sure you know how to undress a lady." she offered.

             "Of  course." and I grabbed the zipper pulling down  to
        open  the  skirt.  It fell and she stepped out of  it.   The
        pantyhose  preserved her modesty and presented to me a  won-
        derful, exciting fanny to paddle.

             "I'm  getting  a little scared." she said  in  a  small
        voice.

             "All  in the name of education and the show.  Now  bend
        over." and she did.

             With  a few quick squirts of the atomizer her butt  was
        wet and the pantyhose seemed to disappear.

             "Oh," she exclaimed, "It's cold."

             "Not  for long." I said grabbing the links between  the
        handcuffs.  "Bend farther." and quickly.

                "WHAP!"  "WHAP!"  "WHAP!"  "WHAP!"  "WHAP!"

             I delivered all five in as many seconds and she  didn't
        have  time to scream, but immediately went into a  low  moan
        with tears gushing from her eye.

             "OOOHHH!!!!" she moaned.

             "Oh  God  it  stings!" she wailed and  I  unlocked  the
        handcuffs taking her in my arms and I had an enormous  erec-
        tion.

             She sobbed as I held her close to me and then she place
        her hand on the lump in my pants.

             "You see!" she exclaimed, "It's sexual."

             "You're very sexy." I countered and she smiled.

             "Oh God does it sting.  I had no idea.  I'd never speed
        again if this is what happened." she said.

             "There you see."

             "You should know what this feels like."

             "Oh I know." I quickly covered.

             "That  was  a  long time ago." she  said  still  crying
        tears, but arguing clearly.

             "Come on..." she said with handcuffs in hand.

             "Turn around..." and I was just drunk enough to do  it,
        feeling  the  clamps shut coldly on my wrists sobered  me  a
        bit, but by then lady was in charge.

             "Now you stand in front of the mirror." she ordered and
        I  said  nothing, but moved.  Then she opened my  belt,  un-
        zipped  my pants, with tears still emanating from her  eyes,
        yanked my pants and then my underwear down.

             "Bend  over." she ordered and I saw myself in the  mir-
        ror.

             In  a  moment  it was like  being  back  in  elementary
        school,  out  in the hall, bending over to be paddled  by  a
        lady  teacher.  All I could see was ankles and  high  heels,
        but then I felt the spray and regretted I had added alcohol.

             "Here we go!" she warned and:

                "WHAP!"  "WHAP!"  "WHAP!"  "WHAP!"  "WHAP!"

             The stinging was incredible and she was right about one
        thing, my recollection was not that vivid, but did I feel it
        now!  The tears just flowed and I moaned.

             "Oh!!!" and she unlocked the handcuffs.

             "Now what do you think?"

             "No more speeding for me either."

             "And no more erection." she observed.

             "You didn't have to hit so hard."

             "Do unto others...." she said as she moved close to me,
        and on impulse I grabbed her and kissed her.  She grabbed me
        and  began to work with knowing hands.  Then she  did  some-
        thing  remarkable:   She ran a finger across her  labia  and
        then  under  my nose and me penis became rock  hard.   In  a
        moment  we  were on the bed and I was kneeling  between  her
        legs.  She led me to her with her right hand and I entered.

             Moira  was  as beautiful inside as out.  There  was  no
        resistance.   All was welcoming warmth and  slickness.   She
        responded to my every move, but occasionally jerked when her
        butt hit the bed.

             "Ouch!"  she said on one occasion and pulled back  from
        my too energetic thrust.

             I don't know whether she faked it, or we came together,
        but  it  was a splendid first time and I fell  to  the  bed,
        spent.  In the morning I awakened with her beside me and she
        only smiled slowly as she met the morning, pulled me to  her
        soon we were at it again.

             "How's your fanny?" she asked.

             "Mine still stings." I answered.

             "Do you like to talk during sex?" she asked.

             "I think it helps me perform better."

             "You mean longer?"

             "Yes."

             "But  is it distracting."  We were silent as  we  built
        the rhythm and I kissed her neck.

             "No hickey, please."

             "You can wear a scarf."

             "What if I bite your nose?" she asked, continuing, "How
        will you explain that?"

             "I will tell the whole truth on the air."

             "You'd be fired."

             "Doubtful." and then we both grew silent, entering  the
        intimate  dimension of physical communication.  It was  just
        pure sex.

             "Oh!"  I groaned as my several urogenital glands  manu-
        factured yet another semen potion and sent the whole load to
        Moira's interior.

             "Uh!" she arched her back to get the last tickle out of
        my throbbing penis soon to go limp and then she quivered  in
        either the best "orgasm on command" I have ever seen or  one
        very  fortunate occurrence of good timing.  Again I fell  to
        the bed.

             "I'm  going  to get dressed." she  announced,  bounding
        from the bed as if I had been pumping up her inner tube.

             I  faded  into  sleep  as the  water  ran,  the  toilet
        flushed, it was quiet, but soon high heels were heard in the
        house and she came to the bed.

             "Thanks  for  dinner the paddle and coitus;  all  first
        class.  See you at the station..."

             I  managed to open one eye to see her "quite'," as  the
        matadors call a retreat from a bull with me playing the dead
        animal with her stilletto "talcones" flashing in the rays of
        morning light as she "clippty-clopped" out the door.

             "They know exactly what they're doing..." I mumbled  as
        I felt yet another erection building.

             Like most radio pros, I get to the station five or  ten
        minutes  before air time just to avoid station BS  and  dis-
        tractions.   There  is  no way you can get  around  all  the
        political,  personality and business distractions  by  being
        there.

             "Hi!" she said cheerily as I entered.  I took her hand,
        helping her rise from the couch.

             "Come  on back."  I said, "We've got a few  minutes  to
        air time, but I'll do an intro and you'll have no problem."

             She followed me down the hall and into the studio where
        I  outfitted her with earphones and took my position at  the
        board.

             "Good  afternoon, Santa Royale.  This is The  Afternoon
        Show  at  967  - 4567, and we have a  guest,  Moira  Thomas,
        Director of the Women's League, who has come to discuss  the
        Campbell  Bill on corporal punishment.  I understand  you're
        opposed to this bill, Moira."

             "Not  at  all..." she began, "I was opposed  until  you
        showed  me  how it really feels to get paddled,  and  I  can
        still feel it now.  I think it makes a lot of sense."

             "I want our listeners to understand that I did this for
        demonstration purposes only..."

             "Yes and you got the same..."

             "Quite right." I had to admit.

             In many years of doing talk radio I have never seen all
        phone lines light at once, but that is exactly what happened
        after these words and the calls were hilarious.

             "Do you mean he paddled you?" asked an elderly lady.

             "Yes, and I enjoyed it."

             "Did I hear that she paddled you?" asked a man of me.

             "Yes, but I wouldn't call the experience enjoyable,  by
        any  means.   It was rather like being back in  junior  high
        school."

             The  calls never stopped and the show was a riot.   The
        front  office  was besieged with calls  from  women  leaving
        their names and numbers.

             "That's it for today.  Tune in tomorrow and we'll do it
        again."  and I turned down the mike "pot," punched the  news
        satellite  feed on and nodded to Moira.  We left  the  small
        studio,  hand  in hand to be met with the  applause  of  the
        entire staff as we exited the building.

             "Your place or mine?"  I asked as we came out and  into
        the brilliant sun of Santa Royale.

             "Where is the paddle?" she asked.

             "Mine."

             "Then it'll be yours...."
