Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy


Mother's Room * (another mother's room scene at the church - a theme I
liked at the time)

	Jessica's father darted into the mother's room of the church after her. 
Luckily there was no one there this morning even though the church was
full.  Locking the door behind them, Jessica began to quickly unbutton her
dress.  Taking his cue, her father quickly undid his tie and unbuttoned his
shirt and slacks.
	"You're a nasty man," Jessica said as she pulled off her dress to reveal
her white brassier and white panties.  She was wearing thiegh high
stockings with white garter belts holding them up by white straps. 
"Fucking your daughter in church. You should be ashamed."
	Tearing off his pants and shirt, her father stroked his hard cock while
staring at her with a hungry stare.  "Well," he said.  "You taught me
everything I know about being nasty."
	Jessica turned to face the large one way glass that looked out to the
congregation and placed her hands on the glass as she bent over.  The glass
made it feel as if the whole church was watching.
	Jessica's father grabbed her hips and tugged her panties down around her
garter betls at mid thiegh.
	"Are you going to fuck your little girl in church?" Jessica asked as she
spread her legs apart so her father could see her brown haired pussy
better.
	Spreading her ass cheeks with one hand, Jessica's father fisted his cock
between her legs and began to press it into her tight pussy.  Eagerly
Jessica thrust herself backwards onto her father's rod.
	"I'll take that as a YES!" she groaned.  "Give me that cock!!!  Stretch my
pussy in front of all these people!!"
	Tearing off her bra, Jessica played with her breasts with one hand while
her father inched himself all the way inside her.
	"Bury that thick cock in my pussy, daddy!!!" Jessica begged loudly.  "Pump
my pussy hard, daddy!!!"
	Grabbing her hips firmly, her father began to slap loudly against her ass
with each thrust.
	"You want daddy's cock?" he grunted as he pumped harder.
	"Yes, daddy," she pleaded.  "give me your big beautiful cock!"
	Pulling himself out for a minute, her father rubbed her wet clit with the
head of his rod.
	"Put it back in me daddy!!" she begged.  "Put your cock back in my pretty
pussy!"
	"But that would be wrong," he teased as he contined to rub his cock
against her clit.
	"I don't fucking give a shit!!" she snapped.  "Put your cock inside me!"
	Carefully Jessica's father pressed on the head of his shaft until it
popped back inside his daughters clit.  Slowly he slid his cock back inside
her.
	"UUUMMMM....." Jessica moaned as she smashed herself against the window,
flattening out her breasts for the whole church to see.
1As he slid in and out of his daughters tight pussy, he watched her tight
lips pulling on his shaft each time he withdrew.
	"I love to watch your pussy," he told her.  "I love to see my big cock
sliding in and out of it!"
	Pulling away from the glass, Jessica panted, "sit on the couch!"
	Doing as she said, he watched as she pulled off the rest of her undies and
stocking to strip completely naked.  Climbing up on top of her father,
Jessica reached between her legs and spread her pussy with her long
fingers.
	"Stuff my pussy, daddy," she said as she started to lower her hips over
his erect shaft.  "let the church see your big cock cramming my pretty
pussy!"
	Expertly her father guided his rod into her clit as she slid down his
cock, stretching herself once more.
	"Do you think they'd like to see me sliding my pussy up and down your huge
cock?" she panted as she sqeezed her own ass with her hands while she rode
him.
	"Ya, " her father growled.  "I think they'd like that."
	"I want them to see me cum," she whispered in  her father's ear.  "Make me
cum for them."
	Forcefully her father grabbed her hips and began pushing her up and down
on his rod.
	Quietly Jessica wiggled around on her father and played with her heavy
chest.  Finally she began to pant heavily.
	"OOHhhh, Goddd....I'm cumming!!!" Jessica moaned as she slapped ehr hands
on her ass, pulling her cheeks apart.  "Oh jesus crhist watch me cum!!!"
	"That's a good girl," her father groaned.  "Cum for daddy."
	"Oh god," she repeated.  "Oh god, it feels so good!"
	Jessica rubbed her hand up and down the crack of her ass.
	"You know, quite likely your going to hell for making your daughter cum in
church," Jessica whispered.
	"Ya, your probably right," her father said as he shoved himself into her
harder for emphasis.
	"So, I suppose," Jessica gasped as her afther slowed down his thrusts up
into her.  "It wouldn't hurt any more if you bent me over the couch and
fucked me up the ass."
	"I guess not," her father said as he lifted her up an got off the couch. 
	Jessica quickly walked to the end of th ecouch and layed herself over the
arm, her ass high in the air.
	"Bet you never thought you'd be craming your cock up your daughters ass in
church did you?"
	"Not in my life," he laughed as he stood behind her and spread her cheeks
as he pushed his thick shaft agaisnt her tight asshole.  As the head of his
cock entered her ass, Jessica yelled out.
	"OH MY GOD!!! Work that cock up my ass!!"
	Forcing it, her father pushed his thick shaft into her ass as she thrashed
about on the couch beneath him.
	"It's so fucking big!!!" she yelled.  "Daddy?  Cum in my ass."
	"Yes, baby," he groaned as he fought to slide back out of her ass.  Slowly
he began to fuck her asshole while she continued to bounce around beneath
him.
	Grabbing her ass, Jessica spread her cheeks and exclaimed, "Look at my
daddy's cock up my ass!!!"
	Finding that he could take it no longer, her father pulled out and
exploded cum up his daughter's back with a howl.
	"Yes!!!" Jessica cried.  "Cum on me!!!"
	Jerking himself off, her father oozed the remaining drizzle onto her
spasming asshole before falling against the wall drained.









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....