Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

Mother, "May I" * (inspired from a magazine spread of an older
woman, Mother forces her son to be the "man of the house" and
take care of her properly like her husband would)

(Club Sept '94 pg 94)

	When Jason walked into his mothers room he had no idea he would
see what he saw.  His mother laying on the bed nearly naked. 
She was wearing skimpy blue panties with white trim that were
held on by only a strap on the thighs.  Her top piece was a blue
midriff blouse with straps holding it up on her shoulders.  Her
perky breasts were exposed, pushed up fully by the blouse, her
nipples hard as rocks.

"Yes mother?" Jason asked surprised.  He had just gotten out of
the shower and had only put his jeans on before entering his
mothers room.

"Do you think I'm pretty?" Jason's mother asked.

"Yes mother," Jason said trying not to stare at her bare
breasts. "Why?"

"I'm lonely," she stated point blank as she began rubbing her
hand on her pussy, caressing it through her panties.  "I need a
man."

Jason blushed and looked away, "what can I do?"

"Well," she began as she continued to rub her clit. "Your father
always said that when he was gone you were the man of the house,
right?"

"Ya, I guess so," Jason replied.

"Well," his mother prodded.  "You're the man of the house and,
um, I need a man, so....."

Jason had never imagined sleeping with his own mother but as he
watched her rub her obviously aching pussy he began to feel his
cock swell.

"Mother," Jason began.  "Dad wouldn't approve of me taking over
this job for him."

"I don't care," his mother replied as she slid down to her knees
on the floor and reached for her son's zipper.  "Can I?"

"Can you what?" Jason asked as his cock began to pulse with
anticipation.

"Can I suck the man of the houses cock?" she asked as she
started unbuttoning his jeans.

"Uh," Jason sputtered as his mother undid his jeans, unzipped
the carefully and peeled them away from his swollen member.

"Ooooo," his mother cooed as she took his cock in her hand. 
Jason could not believe what he was seeing.  "A nice thick cock
too, like your fathers!"

Before Jason could react his mother had plunged his cock into
her mouth and was working it's length down her throat.  Jason
was amazed at his mothers ability to swallow such a big dick.

With her free hand she pulled her panties off and climbed up on
the bed while she continued to suck him.

"Now stick that big cock into your mother and make her cum!!"
she demanded as she laid on her back and spread her legs.

Jason quickly shed his pants and climbed up on the bed between
his mother legs.  Grabbing her shapely legs he spread the furth
and pushed his cock up against her wet, pink pussy. Slowly Jason
pushed his cock inside his mother as she gasped and bucked
beneath him.

"Fuck me!!!" she screamed.  "Fuck your mother!!!"

Jason quickly picked up a rhythm as she slid in and out of his
mothers wet cunt.  She was gasping and screaming like he had
never heard.  In just a matter of minutes she screamed, "I'm
gonna cum!!!!"

Jason grabbed two handfuls of his mothers tits and squeezed them
while he continued to fuck her hard.

"Oh yes!!!" she screamed.  "I'm cumming!!!!!!"

Jason could handle it no longer.  Seeing his mother cum with his
cock protruding from her clit was more than he could take. 
Quickly he pulled out and shot his hot cum all over his mothers
stomach, some of it reaching her big tits.

"Ohhh," his mother moaned.  "You're father would be so proud of
you."

Jason just smiled and rolled over on the bed.

"Oh I'm not done," his mother stated.  "You're gonna fuck me all
day. You can forget seeing your little girlfriend, you've gotta
fuck your mother till she can't walk!!"

Jason's mother crawled up the bed on top of him, her legs
straddling his thighs. "Do you like to fuck your mother?" she
asked girlishly as she grabbed his still drizzling cock and
stood it straight up.  Slowly she eased down and impaled her wet
cunt with his rod.

Jason groaned as his body fought the oversensitiveness of her
insides.  "Ya," he half choked. "I do"

"Then say it," his mother said as she continued to just sit on
his swollen cock, not moving her hips yet.

"I love to fuck my mother," Jason said as he grabbed her hips
and began to push her hips back and forth.  He could feel his
cock pressing her insides with each thrust.

"Oh yes," his mother exclaimed as she began rubbing her breasts
frantically.  "If your father could see you now!"

"I don't think he'd like it, " Jason said as he continued to
shove his mother's hips back and forth on his rod.

"Say you don't care!" she barked.  "Say you don't give a shit
what he says your gonna fuck your mother anyway."

Jason pulled his mothers hair playfully making her arch her back
and he began to pump in and out of her wet cunt.  "I don't give
a shit what dad says," Jason snapped, "I'm going to fuck you and
I'm going to fuck you hard!!!"

"Yes!!!" his mother exclaimed.  "Pound that fucking rock into my
pussy.  Pound your mother's pussy till it hurts!!!!"

Jason grabbed his mother's hips and jammed her on to him.  Up
and down he pushed and pulled her along his cock.  "Take
that!!!" he barked.  "Take your son's cock all the way like a
whore!!"

"Oh yes!!!"  she screamed.  "Fuck me baby!!!  Fuck me!!!"

Jason pounded his mother's hot clit until she was bucking and
exclaiming, "I'm cumming again!!!!  Oh you beautiful boy, your
making your mommy cum again!!!!"

Before her orgasm had died, Jason pushed her off of him and got
on his knees on the bed.  Quickly he crawled up behind his
mother and spread her ass cheeks with his hand as he guided his
thick cock into her cunt from behind.  Forcefully he pushed into
her so that she had to grab the headboard to hold on.

"Come on, " Jason commanded.  "Take my cock all the way.  Just
take my cock inside you!!!!"

Grabbing his mother hair Jason pumped his thick cock in his
mothers pussy over and over.  By the screams and bucking of his
mother he could tell she was still cumming.

"Oh my god!!!" his mother exclaimed. "I want your cock inside me
so bad!!!!"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....