
                                  M/F, INCEST


                               MY MOTHER, MY DATE
                                  By: Unknown

      My mother is, to put it bluntly, a very sexy woman. At 46 she still turns
heads at the country club, malls, or wherever there is an appreciative male
audience. Because she takes extraordinary care of herself with diet and regular
sessions at the local gym, and because I look much older than my 27 years,
strangers often misinterpret our relationship. Out for dinner or a movie, Mom
and I are often mistaken for two people on a date! In fact, there have been
times when it could've been embarrassing if we both didn't laugh it off.

      Actually, I didn't find it funny at all. When mom and dad divorced a
couple of years ago. she did a lot of dating, and I invariably hated those men.
I was always glad when she broke up with them and spent more time with me
again. It wasn't until a few weeks ago that I realized I was more than just
routinely jealous of my mom's affections.

      I was jealous just like a lover! That realization shook me up pretty bad,
but not so much as when Mom brought it up herself! We were having a nightcap in
the living room when she suddenly looked over the top of her glass and dropped
the bomb.

      "I know the reason why you're so miserable when I date a lot, Sam," she
smiled. " You resent those guys, but not because you think I'm serious with
them."

      "What is it then?" I asked, suddenly feeling very uncomfortable.

      "You want me for yourself," she said evenly.

      "Mom!" At those incredible words. I felt the color drain from my face. I
knew where the blood was going because my cock suddenly started hardening!

      "Don't say anything, baby. Just listen." We were beside each other on the
couch, so she put a reassuring hand on my knee and squeezed. "It's okay, son.
I'm flattered you feel this way. And you know something else?"

      My throat was dry as a bone, and I swallowed hard.

      "No... what?"

      Mom squeezed my knee again before sliding her hand up my trembling thigh.

      "I feel the same way when you go out on a date."

      "Really, Mom?!"

      I was incredulous! I wanted to take her in my arms and make love to her
on the spot, but something told me to let her make all the moves.

      "I started getting these feelings for you right after I divorced your
father."

      She closed her hand over my crotch and squeezed the hardness inside my
pants. I shook like a leaf as she reached for the zipper and slowly lowered it.
At the same time Mom took my hand and put it on her breasts. At first I felt
paralyzed as my deepest, darkest fantasy began coming true, but then I grabbed
a handful of tit and squeezed. Mother sighed happily and continued her
seduction.

      "We don't need to talk about it anymore, my darling. We both know what we
want, so let's just do it."

      I'd always been an obedient son, and was especially eager to please my
gorgeous mother when it involved fucking her! I lay there in ecstasy while Mom
opened my fly and pulled out my stiff cock. I moaned loudly as she squeezed the
swollen head and stroked the long shaft.

      "Oh, Sammy! What a nice, big cock you have, son!" she said with a smile.

      Then she leaned over and took my cock right into her mouth! I couldn't
believe how good Mom's hot, wet mouth felt sliding over the length of my erect
prick, or what a fabulous cocksucker she was. Not only was her mouth pushing
all the right buttons, her hand was underneath my balls, squeezing and
massaging and sending all sorts of exciting chills through my body.

      So far all I'd been able to do was fondle her tits, but that changed when
Mom sat on the arm of the sofa beside me. Then she hiked her skirt high up her
thighs and spread her legs. Between Mom's thighs I saw the bright red of her
panties, and wasted no time burying my face in them! Mom sighed happily and
grabbed my head, pressing it into her crotch as I sniffed her heady female
scent and licked the silky triangle which covered her moist cuntslit.

      I heard some rustling noises above me and saw Mom's blouse and bra drop
to the floor. She also managed to unzip her skirt and tug it over her head so
that she was naked except for her panties. God she looked hot!

      I shrugged out of my clothes, then went back to licking Mom's pussy
through her panties. Finally. I couldn't stand anything between us and pulled
those off her too.

      "Jesus, Mom!" I gasped. "I've never tasted such a delicious pussy!"

      "It's all yours. darling," she said, grabbing my head again and guiding
it between her legs.

      I lapped the insides of her thighs first, taking my time as I approached
her delectable cuntlips. I inhaled the hot, exciting aroma of her snatch before
I tasted it, finally plowing my tongue deep within that inviting slit and
licking lustily. I happily heard my mom's sighs of excitement as I put my long
tongue to work. In the meantime, my aching prick was throbbing.

      Eventually, neither of us could delay the delicious inevitability of our
incestuous encounter any longer. I stood and embraced mom before taking her by
the hand and leading her to my bedroom. We were so hot for each other we didn't
even bother to turn down the sheets. We just tumbled wildly onto the bed in
each other's arms.

      We kissed passionately for a few seconds then Mom rolled onto her back,
pulling her knees up and spreading her cunt lips wide. I grabbed my stiff
pecker and knelt between her creamy thighs, aiming my cock-meat for Mom's hot,
slippery hole and driving home.

      Mom gasped and grabbed me around the shoulders when I popped my cockhead
between her cuntlips. She squeezed her pussy muscles around my shaft, holding
tight as I pressed harder and drove a bit more of my large prick inside her.
Mom groaned with every of cock I gave her, and when I was finally in all the
way, she wrapped her legs around me and trembled with excitement.

      "It's as wonderful as I'd hoped," she said, raising her lips for a kiss.
"Am I tight enough for you, darling?"

      "Incredible, Mom", I said. "I want to fuck you like I've never fucked a
woman before."

      "Then do it, son!" said Mom, her husky voice brimming with desire.

      Like I said, I'd always been an obedient son, but I sure didn't need any
coaxing for this! I pulled my cock slowly out of Mom's cunt, paused for a
second while I looked down into her eyes and then drove slowly back in again.
She moaned as every solid inch re-entered her, releasing a loud cry of triumph
when my balls came to rest on her hot little asshole. I was filling her to the
hilt!

      "Fuck me, son! Fuck me!", Mom cried, hunching her hips wildly up at my
deeply embedded cock. "Fuck momma with your big fat prick, baby!!"

      Living out my fantasy, I began to pump my Mom's tight, wet hole with
increasingly hard strokes grunting with the effort and straining to bring us
both off. Surprisingly, Mom came first, and as soon as I heard her orgasmic
grunts and groans, I popped my wad too. When she felt me cumming, Mom screamed
and hit my ear. She thrust up wildly with her pelvis, absorbing my strong
thrusts and calling my name over and over.

      Believe it or not, the most exciting single thing about fucking my mother
was hearing her call my name when she was cumming, and knowing I was the man
making her cum! That's what I call motherly love!

                                    The End.

