Archive-name: Bestial/moment.txt
Archive-author: User@Large
Archive-title: Nice Moment

Patchy clouds covered the stars along the horizons, and lightening
flickered in the distance, but above me the sky was mostly clear with no
threat of rain.  Aside from the lightening there was little visibility, as
the moon wasn't out yet, so it took a little while for my eyes to adjust as
I wandered out to the mares' pen through blind familiarity.

Eventually I was able to make out a couple large blobs in the darkness, so
I headed towards one, which turned out to be the ever-elusive Jo standing
over the ever-loveable Crystal.  I did a horse-snort as I approached so
there would be no surprise (I'd nicker, but I'm really lousy at it) and
traded snuffles with them both.  After petting and whispering to Jo a bit,
a settled down next to Crystal (Jo kindly made some room for me) and put
one arm over her back and leaned up against her while I kept my other hand
busy stroking her nose.  We were ready to lie there for a good while and
snuggle, as we've done before, until Lucy came up and broke up our little
party, meaning to chase everyone off so she could have all the attention to
herself.  It's not like she's neglected, but I don't want to reward her for
chasing everyone else off, so I ignore her and wander off with Crystal to
another part of the pen, with Jo tagging along behind.

I guess Lucy got the hint, at least for that time (I gave her some fussing
later), so after a bit of attention to both, a moved a few steps away and
sat down to see what they'd do, hoping Crystal would lay back down again.
Both came over and hovered over me for quite some time--keeping watch.
Heh.  After a while, I reached up and lightly stroked Crystal's throat with
my open palm, just as a "Hi!"  To my surprise, she seemed to *really* enjoy
it, like I was giving her scratchies on her itchiest spot, so I kept it up
for a while longer before laying my arms on my knees, with my chin resting
on my crossed arms.  Crystal snuffled me a bit, then my hair, then
surprised me by licking my back!  This was different, but I wasn't about to
argue--until she finally reached my ears; that tickled too much, and I
leaned away, laughing.  I returned to my position, my head laying sideways
on my arms watching her.  She kept her head down close to me, and after a
little while she slowly moved her muzzle towards my face, finally resting
her lips on my cheek and just staying that way...

I love these guys!


Sorry, no sex this time, just another Nice Moment.

-User@Large
The romantic pervert. :)
--
