Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.


MOTHER'S MILK

     The heavy, pouring rain came down in sheets making
visibility almost impossible.  Wayne struggled to see out the
window of his Jeep Cherokee.  His mother, Krista sat in the
other bucket seat peering out through the suffocating deluge of
water.  Every few moments, Krista turned and looked out the rear
window for a few seconds before looking back to the front.

     "I hope that they are okay," she mumbled.

     "Oh, they'll be fine," Wayne told her, hoping that he was
right.

     Wayne's whole family was driving up to their cabin in the
mountain for a mini-vacation.  Tony, Wayne's father, Kim, 
Krista's sister, and Wayne's little sister, Marie were in the
second car somewhere behind them.  They had taken both cars
because Kim had to return on Tuesday.  Wayne, Krista, Tony, and
Marie were planning to leave the following Friday. 

     When they had started out earlier that morning, it had been
sprinkling, but it had turned into a steady rain before very
long.  The rain had continued to intensify all morning long
turning the drive into a real ordeal.

     They had stopped both cars  in Emoryville around Twelve. 
They had refueled and eaten lunch. When they had stopped, Kim
had talked Krista into letting her take little Marie for the
last leg of the trip since they only had about an hour left to
go.  Although Marie was only a month old, they didn't think
being separated from her mother for an hour would hurt her. 
Anxious to get to the cabin, Wayne and Krista had left before
than Tony and the others.  They hadn't seen them or their
headlights since they had left.  

     Glancing down at his watch, Wayne saw that it had been an
hour since they had stopped.  

     "I think I see the turn off," he said, slowing the car.

     "That's it," Krista confirmed as Wayne steered the car off
the highway onto the narrow black topped road.  

     "Be sure to stay on the road," his mother cautioned him,
watching him carefully guide the car down the narrow lane, "if
we get stuck, we'll never get out of this mud."

     "You've got that right," he chuckled nervously.

     They crept down the road until they came to a rickety
bridge.  Stopping the car, Wayne got out and plodded over to the
bridge and looked down.  The stream, usually quiet and slow was
now a roaring river of deep, muddy water.  Staring into the
dark, swirling water below, he watched the surge of the water
crashing against the bridge's supports.  They looked rather
fragile, but they seemed to be withstanding to force of the
river.

     "What do you think?"

     "What," he jumped, not knowing his mother had joined him. 

     He had been staring into the water so intently, he hadn't
heard his mother get out of the car and walk up beside him. 

     "Do you think we can make it?"

     "Uh, I guess," he muttered, "what do you think?"

     "It looks okay to me," she said walking a few feet out onto
the bridge and timidly jumping up and down, "it feels sturdy
enough."

     "Okay, let's try it," he shouted over the noise of the
river.

     "God, I'm drenched," his mother laughed tiredly as they got
back into the car, "I can't wait to get to the cabin and get a
fire going."

     "Well, here goes," Wayne said, putting the car into gear
and slowly easing it out onto the bridge.  

     The bridge seemed to be holding its own as they slowly
inched across it.  The bridge was at least fifty feet across,
but it took them two or three minutes to creep three-quarters of
the way across it.

     Then, all at once, without warning, they felt the bridge
wobble and shift under them.

     "Oh, God," Krista screamed "It's collapsing."

     As Wayne felt the first sickening lurch, he instantly
slammed the accelerator to the floor.  For one long, terrifying
moment, it felt like the car and the bridge were both going to
crash into the water below.  But at the last moment, the tires
grabbed and shot the car toward the other side of the river and
safety.

     Neither of them could speak as the car roared across the
final few feet toward the shore.  Then, just as the front wheels
touched solid ground, they felt the back end of the car stagger
and slip sideways even more.  Time seemed to stop.  Holding
their breath, they prayed until the car finally bounded off the
bridge.  Just as the back tires cleared the bridge, the bridge
went crashing down into the water behind them.  Lady Luck had
been riding with them.  

     Wayne slammed on the brakes, trying to keep the car from
skidding off the road and into the mud.  After skidding several
feet, the car finally stopped only inches from the soft,
treachery of the road's shoulder.

     Wayne sat unmoving, his hands digging into the steering
wheel for several moments.  Finally, he looked over at his
mother.  She was white as a sheet as she sat staring out into
the rain pouring down on the hood of the car.  At last she
turned and looked over at him, smiling weakly.

      "My, God, that was close," his mother sighed.

     "You can say that again," he said.

     After a few minutes, his hands had stopped shaking enough
for him to open the car door.  Pushing it open, he stepped out
into the pouring rain once again.  Closing the door, he saw his
mother step out of the car on the other side.

     Both of them wobbled back over to where only moments
earlier the bridge had stood.  Now there was nothing but a few
broken, shattered pilings jutting up out of the cold, swirling
water below.  The twisted, broken supports were the only
evidence that the bridge had once stood there.

     "Another five seconds and we'd be at the bottom of the
river," he groaned, feeling his legs almost buckle under him,
"God, that was close."

     Neither of them spoke for several moments as they stared
down into the dark, muddy water rushing past them.  

     "Uh-oh, here comes Tony and Marie," his mother suddenly
blurted out.

     "Go get your cel phone and call them, quick," Wayne yelled
as he started waving his arms frantically, trying to get them to
stop them before they drove off into the river.

     Krista turned and dashed through the rain to the car. 
Flinging the door open, she dove inside.  Tearing open her
purse, she jammed her hand inside and pulled out her phone. 
Quickly jabbing at the keys, she lifted it to her ear. 

     "Come on, Damn it, answer it," she muttered, staring out at
the other car as it slowly approached the opposite side of the
river.

     "Yeah, is this Kim," her sister finally said.

     "Yes.  Thank God you answered.  The bridge is out."

     "Yeah, we saw Wayne waving his arms and slowed down."

     No one spoke for several moments as they all watched Wayne
wearily trudge back to his car.  

     "Well, now what?" he asked, sliding in under the steering
wheel.

     "I don't know," she mumbled, trying to think what to do.

     It was obvious that Tony, Kim, and Marie were not going to
cross the river any time soon.  They could turn around and go
back to Emoryville and spend the night.  Even though Krista was
still nursing Marie, she had packed plenty of formula so that
wouldn't be a problem for the immediate future.  But with the
bridge down and it still raining, she didn't know how long she
would be separated from her baby.  She and Wayne had all the
food, so they could go on up to the cabin and stay there until
someone figured a way to get them back across the river.

     She discussed their alternatives with Tony for several
minutes.  Since it was already one o'clock in the afternoon, he
finally agreed that he, Kim, and Marie would return to
Emoryville and spend the night there.  He would check in with
the Sheriff and let him know they were stranded.  He would get
back with her later and let her know what kind of plan he and
the Sheriff could come up with.  

     Closing her cel phone, she explained to Wayne what they had
decided.  Agreeing with her, Wayne looked into the rear view
mirror.  Both of them watched anxiously as Tony slowly,
carefully backed away from the river.  It seemed to take hours,
but finally his father's car backed out onto the highway and
disappeared into the torrential rain.

     "Well, Lone Ranger, I guess we are on our own," Krista
grinned tensely.

     "I guess, so, Tonto," he replied, slowly shifting into low
and letting out on the clutch pedal.

     At last they stopped in front of the cabin and both sat
watching the rain beat down on the hood of his car. The drive to
the cabin had seemed to take hours, but Wayne hadn't gotten
above five miles an hour. 

     As they stared out into the downpour, it seemed like the
rain was getting even heavier instead of letting up.

     "Do you know how long a cubic is?" Wayne laughed wearily.

     "Nope, but we may need to learn if it keeps up like this
much longer," his mother replied.

     "Well, I sure don't want to have to start looking animals
by the pair," he grinned.

     "I don't know," she sighed, "but I have a pair that are
beginning to ache."

     "Pardon?" he blushed, not believing what he had heard.

     "Don't be such a prude," she chided him good-naturedly,
"it's been almost five hours since I nursed Marie and my breasts
are getting a little full and sore."

     "MOTHER," he sputtered, turning bright red under all the
water coating his face, "you're embarrassing me."

     "Okay, Mr. Prude," she laughed, opening her door, "let's
get this car unloaded."

     Wayne stepped out into the rain, grateful for anything that
would hide his crimson face.  He couldn't believe his mother had
said what she did.  After all, it was his mother and he hadn't
been prepared for her remark.  Stopping, for a moment, he stood
in the pouring rain thinking about her breasts.  The thought of
her breasts, big and swollen, full of mother's milk sent a bolt
of excitement tearing into his brain.  Shuddering, he looked up
and let the cold wetness of the rain splash into his face,
hoping it would wash away his impure thoughts. 

     At last, he looked and saw his mother impatiently standing
by the rear of the car.  Shamefully, he rushed around and threw
open the trunk.  They both grabbed as much as they could and
hurried over to the cabin.  He deposited his load on the porch
and went back to the car while his mother unlocked the cabin.  

     After the first load, he had made his mother stay inside
while he trudged back and forth unloading the car.  It took him
thirty minutes in the driving rain to off-load all of the stuff
they had brought, but at least it kept his mind off what his
mother had said for a little while. 

     As he unloaded, his mother would sort it in appropriate
piles.  When he made the last trip inside, he closed the door
behind him and dropped the last things on the table.

     "Here, here is your suitcase," his mother told him handing
him his bag, "you hurry up and change into something dry before
you catch your death of cold.  Then you can start a fire while I
change."

     He kicked off his muddy shoes and plodded wetly into the
single bathroom in the cabin.  Closing the door behind him, he
quickly stripped down and toweled off the rainwater.  He had
been so wet, it felt like he had just taken a frigid shower. 
Looking at himself in the mirror, he thoughts sudden went back
to his mother.  He wondered what she would look like naked. 
Blushing with shame, he could stop his cock from starting to
swell.  Angry at himself for thinking such thoughts, he dried
his hair and pulled out a pair of loose shorts and a sweater.  A
weird combination, he thought, but after he got the fire going,
he knew how warm the small cabin would be.

     The cabin only had four real rooms.  Two bedrooms, a
bathroom and a combination den, kitchen, living room.  The big
rock fireplace would have the whole cabin warm in little more
than an hour, if he remembered correctly.

     Stepping out of the bathroom, he saw that his mother was
waiting impatiently for him to finish.

     "It's about time," she remarked, striding purposefully
toward the bathroom. "I thought you had died in there."

     "You look like a drowned rat," he laughed as she walked by
him her hair plastered to her head wetly. 

     Drenched and bedraggled from wading around in the rain all
day, she was still cute.  Cute.  The word seemed to be made for
her, he thought, as he went about starting the fire.  Yes, she
was pretty, but not a raving beauty.  Cute, yes, that was her. 
But very cute.  And her figure, he blushed just thinking about
it. Her body looked great for her age.  He had had plenty of
opportunity to watch her during the summer as she lounged around
the pool in her swim suit.  But that was before she became
pregnant with Marie.  He hadn't actually seen her figure
displayed in a swimsuit since Marie had been born, so he really
didn't know what she looked like now.

     Then, scolding himself for thinking about his mother in
such a way, he set about getting the fire going. 

     He could hear the shower running as he struggled to start
the fire. Wondering what she looked like, he thought about
sneaking over and peeking through the keyhole.  Scolding 
himself for thinking such a thought, he went back to starting
the fire.  

     Thankfully, he and his dad had brought in a week's supply
of wood the last time they had been at the cabin. If they
hadn't, he would never have gotten a fire going.  As he tried,
tiny tendrils of flame finally began to lick at the wood and
soon the fire was blazing away.  Squatting in front of the fire,
he poked at it as his thoughts returned to his mother.  He had
heard the other boy's talking about pregnant women and women
with babies at school. They had said that their breasts got
gigantic and all full of milk and stuff.  They even said that if
a woman didn't have a baby to suck on her tits, they would get
painful and have all kinds of problems.  Wayne  had never really
thought of his mother like that until he saw her nursing Marie
one day.  Then he found it embarrassing to hear the boys talking
about women that way.  But, in spite of himself, he found
himself trying to sneak another peek of his mother's breasts. 
He had seen them once and it had scared him.  He thought that
they would just be bigger and he wasn't prepared for their size
and whiteness.  Ashamed that he was thinking about her, he
suddenly found himself hard.  Blushing, he quickly stood up and
started to straighten himself.

     Just as he grabbed his cock through his pants to reposition
it, his mother stepped out of the bathroom.  She was wearing a
soft, pink bathrobe and drying her hair with a big, white towel.

     Both of them stopped and stared at each other for several
uncomfortable moments.  Then, Wayne turned away from her and
shoved his swollen maleness into a more comfortable position.

     "Are you okay?" his mother asked, strolling toward him with
her arms above her head drying her hair.

     "Uh, Yeah, uh, sure," he muttered, looking back at her.

     As she padded across the room toward him in her bare feet,
he couldn't keep himself from letting his eyes dip down to her
jutting breasts.  In his inflamed state, her breasts seemed to
be huge as they swelled out under her soft, cotton bathrobe.

     "Are you sure you're okay?" she smiled at him with a
questioning look on her face, "You're face is fire-engine red."

     "Yeah, uh, I guess it is just the fire," he mumbled, "I was
too close."

     "Oh," she said, stepping up beside him and dropping the
towel to the floor.  

     She didn't say anything for several moments as she stood
beside him warming her hands.  He was afraid to move and stood
waiting anxiously.  As he waited, he couldn't keep from glancing
back down at the swell of her breasts under the thick, fleecy
bathrobe.  Was she naked underneath it, he wondered and felt his
penis twitch again.

     "Why don't you get us a glass of wine," she finally said,
turning and facing him.  "We can have a little before dinner to
celebrate our escape from drowning."

     "Uh, Sure, Good idea," he blurted out, glad for any chance
to move away from her.

     "I didn't get a chance to thank you for you what you did
this afternoon," she said softly, leaning over and giving him a
soft, loving kiss on the cheek.  "You probably saved our lives."

     "Awww Mom," he said modestly as his face reddened once
again.

     Self-consciously, he stumbled back away from her.

     "Really," she smiled at him, "we would probably have been
swept to our deaths if you hadn't reacted so quickly."

     "Anybody would have done the same thing," he said, hoping
she wouldn't notice the bulge in his shorts as he hurried over
to the cabinet. 

     He found several bottles of wine in the cabinet and took
one down.  As he was awkwardly struggling to open it, he
secretly watched his mother out of the corner of his eye.  She
was leaning over, letting the fire dry her soft, short curly
brown hair.  As he watched, her robe fell open just enough to
give him a view of one, big, bare breast .  So she was naked
underneath it, he thought to himself as his penis lurched again
and he nearly dropped the wine bottle.

     "Are you having a hard time?" she asked from across the
room.

     "Uh, no, it, the, cork, is, uh, just a little stiff," he
muttered, wondering if her pun had been by accident.

     "Need some help, Hon," she asked him, turning slightly so
that her robe ballooned open ever wider.

     "Uh, No, uh, Mom," he gulped, trying to keep his eyes glued
on her big, swollen breast and uncork the bottle both at the
same time.

     He could see almost all of her big, white breast all the
way down to the ring of dark, mysterious flesh surrounding her
nipple.  Straining to see more, he couldn't quite make out her
nipple.

     "I sure am getting thirsty," she said at last.

     Tearing his eyes away from her breast, he looked up to see
that she had been watching him.  He blushed almost purple as he
realized that she had known he was watching and did nothing to
stop him.

     "Do you find my breasts interesting?" she said, finally
raising up and pulling her robe together.

     "MOTHER," he groaned, his mind in a turmoil of confusion.

     "Well, you were looking at them, weren't you?"

     He couldn't speak.  Shamed and humiliated beyond belief, he
couldn't find any words to express his mortification.

     She didn't say anything else for several moments.  

     His hands were shaking so badly, it took him forever to
fill the glasses with wine.  Still blushing brightly, he slowly
stumbled back over to his mother.  Wine dribbled and ran down
the glass as he handed it to her with his trembling hand.

     "It's okay," she smiled softly, reaching out and taking his
hand in hers to stop the shaking.

     He didn't know what to say or do.  She finally peeled his
frozen fingers from around the glass and took it from him. 
Smiling at him warmly, she slowly took a long sip of her wine.

     Suddenly coming to life, Wayne took a drink from his glass,
almost emptying it in his first gulp.

     "My, you were thirsty, too" she laughed warmly.

     "I sure was," he blurted out, finishing his drink.

     Using his empty glass as an excuse to leave her presence
once again, he walked back over to the bottle.

     Refilling his glass, he turned and saw that his mother was
sitting on the couch in front of the fire.  She had her long,
lovely legs curled up under her and she was smiling warmly at
him.

     "Come on over here and sit down by me," she smiled at him,
patting the couch by her.

     "Uh, uh, okay," he mumbled, tripping and nearly falling as
he started toward her.

     "Bring the bottle with you," she told him.

     Stopping, he went back and got the bottle.  Carrying it
with him, he walked over and sat down on the couch next to his
mother.  The air was filled with the clean, fresh fragrance of
her soap as both of them sat staring into the fire.  Time passed
slowly as they made small talk and finished the bottle of wine. 

     "Why don't you lay your head in my lap and take a nap like
you used to do when you were younger?" she finally asked him.

     "Uh, uh, okay," he said, setting his empty glass down on
the floor.

     Maneuvering around on the couch, he gently lowered his head
down onto the softness of her lap.  The clean, sweet bouquet of
her freshly washed body filled his nostrils and brought back
fond memories of his youth as he lay looking up at her.  He saw
her smile warmly as she slowly ran her fingers through his hair.
 Her breasts, the source of his earlier embarrassment were now
jutting out  only inches above his face. Only the thick, fleecy
covering of terry cloth hid them from his eyes.

     Drinking in her pleasant scent, he slowly closed his eyes. 
Listening to the sound of rain splashing against the windows, he
found himself getting drowsy.  The dull roar of the continuous
rain was broken occasionally when one of the logs in the fire
place would crack and pop.  Relaxed by the wine, the fire, the
rain and the almost intoxicating nearness of his mother, he felt
himself slowly drifting off into sleep.

     Wayne didn't know how long he had been asleep, but he could
still hear the rain beating against the side of the house as he
slowly floated back to consciousness.  Letting himself awaken 
slowly, he suddenly realized that his cheek was wet.  Had the
roof sprang a leak, he wondered.  It wouldn't surprise him as
hard as it was raining.  Slowly, he opened his eyes and found
himself staring up at his mother's bare breast.  Stunned, he saw
that his mother's robe had somehow fallen open baring her
breast.  Not able to believe his eyes, he saw that her big,
bulging nipple was brushing against his cheek.  Then he saw a
tiny trickle of white juice leaking out of the swollen pap. 
Staring at the distended pink knob of flesh, he watched in
fascination as the little stream of mother's milk continued to
seep out and run down the soft, curving underside of his
mother's  beautiful breast.

     Almost immediately, he felt his cock swell to aching
hardness as he gawked at her breast with utter fascination. 
Afraid to move, he basked in the sheer debauchery of the moment.
 At last, he tore his eyes from her breast and saw that she had
apparently fallen to sleep, too.  Her head had fallen over and
she now slept with her cheek resting on her shoulder.  Quickly
looking back down to her breast, he drank in the captivating
view of bared breast.  He had forgotten how pale and white her
breast was when he had see it earlier.  But now that he was so
close to it, he could even see the delicate, blue veins of blood
under the transparent skin covering her breast. 

     His quest was over.  The prize was now before him, openly
displayed for his voyeuristic depravity.  He watched it as it
slowly rose and fell each time his mother took a breath.  What
would it be like to suck on the hard, puffiness of her nipple,
he wondered perversely.  No, he couldn't do that, he thought. 
That would be too much.  What would his mother say if she woke
and found him sucking on her breast?  She would probably kill
him.  Staring up at the bright pink nipple, he couldn't stop
himself from slowly turning his head toward her.  As he did, the
hard, rubbery knob slid across his cheek and his lips moved ever
closer to the forbidden fruit.  At last, the hard puffiness of
her big, bloated nipple touched his lip.

     Then as a tiny trickle of his mother's thin, white milk
trickled down onto his lips, he became so excited, he was about
to cum.  He had never felt such excitement.  His whole body was
throbbing with electricity as he slowly opened his mouth.  As
his lips parted, her distended, puffy nipple slipped between his
lips.  He didn't move for several moments, but at last he gently
sucked on her nipple.  

     For a moment, nothing happened.  Then he saw his mother's
eyes flicker open. Terrified of what she would do, he lay as
still as he could.  Her eyes looked out aimlessly for a moment
and then suddenly swept down to his face. He didn't know what to
do.  Time stopped as they stared into each other's eyes for the
longest time.

     Finally, she moved ever so slowly, reaching down and
cupping his head her arms, pulled him toward her, forcing her
nipple farther into his mouth.

     "Yes, please," she whispered, pressing his face into the
soft, yielding flesh of her swollen breast.  "Nurse and make my
breasts stop aching."

     Wayne was stunned and did nothing for a moment.  Then
realizing that she wanted him to nurse, he slowly started
sucking on the great, swollen pap. 

     As he began to suck, he was distressed as the bloated
nipple grudgingly gave up a thin, watery fluid for several
moments. Thinking there would be more milk, he wondered what he
was doing wrong.  Then, as he began sucking harder, he was
alarmed when milk suddenly began to pour from the nipple. Seeing
his mother smile down at him approvingly, he began to suck
harder as the thickening sweetness of her milk began to gush
into his mouth.  Somewhere deep in his memory banks, the
delicate, sweet, sugary flavor of her milk triggered forgotten
memories of his childhood.  He was now a tiny baby, sucking at
her breasts as her milk now poured into his mouth.  But even
though his mind had reverted to infancy, his maturing body was
alive with excitement.  Swallowing as fast as he could, he still
couldn't keep up with the flow and some of the frothy, white
milk leaked out of his mouth and dripped down his chin.  Some
innate primal force was guiding him now as he pushed his face
into her breast with soft insistence. As he sucked, he could
feel the heaviness of her breast pushing back against his mouth.
 He couldn't get enough of her sweet, precious cream as it
poured from her breast.  Wanting more and more, he unconsciously
raised his hand up to her breast.  Wrapping his hand around the
jutting fullness of his mother's breast, he softly, but firmly
began to milk her.

     "Oh, yes, Baby, take all of Mommy's milk and make it stop
hurting," she murmured, pressing his face into her breast even
harder.

     As he sucked, he could feel the swelling of her breast
slowly diminishing and her body begin to relax.  After several
minutes, he was gravely disappointed when the flow of milk
slowed to a trickle and then stop.  Downcast that her breast was
empty and there was now no reason for him to continue sucking on
her breast , he felt his mother shift her body and suddenly her
nipple popped out of his sucking mouth.  Like a child without a
pacifier, his lips continued to move, searching for her breast. 
Then, weak from the earlier adrenaline rush, he watched in
amazed wonderment as his mother opened her robe and lifted her
other beautiful, swollen breast out.  Turning slightly, his
mother lowered the big, round softness of her breast with its
glistening pink cup down to his lips.  It was like giving a
drink to a drowning man as she slowly lowered the large, swollen
nipple down to his lips.  Just as before, when he started
sucking on it, it took several moments before her rich, thick
milk to begin to flow freely.  But, at last when her milk did
start to flow again, it quickly filled his mouth to overflowing
once again. Hungrily, he pulled at the rubbery nipple with his
lips and mouth sucking more and more of the pleasing sweetness
of her foamy milk into his mouth.

     "Oh, Yes, My, Baby," she murmured as he continued to suckle
her.

     Wayne's  swollen cock was throbbing with such fire pain, he
knew that he couldn't keep from cumming much longer.  He had
never been so hard.  It was like having a knife shoved into his
cock as it pulsated with excitement.  He had never been so
aroused by anything in his whole life.  

     As he sucked and suck, he was once again disappointed when
the flow of milk begin to decrease.  Afraid that his mother
would take her breast away from him when it stopped giving milk,
he wondered what he could do to postpone the inevitable.  As he
feverishly tried to think of a way to keep sucking on her
breast, he gently ran his tongue over the lactating nipple and
felt his mother's body stiffen in response.  Surprised by his
mother's reaction, he stopped sucking so hard and began to tease
the big, swollen nipple with his tongue.  Less and less milk
flowed out, but his tongue became more and more insistent as he
tickled and teased the bulging nipple.

     "Mmmmmm, Babbbyyyyy," she sighed as her whole body relaxed.

     As Wayne played with her nipple, he felt her legs
underneath his head slowly part.  Then, he was stunned when he
felt his mother's pelvis tilt and gently press up against the
back of his head.  Was she becoming excited, he wondered as he
felt his cock lurch perilously close to an eruption. 

     Tweaking and toying with her nipple, Wayne could no longer
taste the intoxicating sweetness of his mother's milk.  Even
though the flow of milk had completely stopped, his mother made
no move to stop him.  She must be enjoying what he was doing, he
thought.  The very idea that she would let him play with her
nipple without nursing stunned him.  Shocked, he eagerly renewed
his assault on her ripe, bloated nipple. 

     As he played with her nipple, he heard her make soft,
little mewing sounds.  Excited even more, he continued to pull
and nip at her bloated pap as he massaged and kneaded the soft
flesh of her breast with his hands.

     While he had initially thought that sucking her breast and
drinking her milk was the most thrilling thing he had ever done,
this was even more exciting.  Thinking about what he was doing
sent emotions flowing through his body that were almost
overpowering.  He was actually playing with his mother's big,
beautiful breasts and she was not going to stop him.

     The soft, insistent pressure of her groin against the back
of his head was growing harder and harder the longer he kept
teasing her nipple.  Then without warning, he felt his mother's
hand drop from the back of the couch down to his stomach.  He
didn't know if it was an accident or if she had done it on
purpose, but her hand was now resting only inches from his
throbbing, aching cock.  

     He began to massage and knead the soft, pliant flesh of his
mother's breast more and more confidently as she made no move to
stop him.  

     Then his heart almost stopped when he felt his mother's
hand slowly inch toward his over-ripe maleness.  Was she
consciously doing it or was it just a reflex.  Either way, his
cock had a hair trigger and he knew that it would take nothing
to cause it to explode.

     Suddenly the phone rang.  As it did, his mother's hand
jerked and brushed across his primed readiness.

     "Goddddddnnnnoooooo," he gasped out around his mother's
nipple as he felt his penis erupt inside his shorts.

     "Oh, Baby, I'm sorry," his mother whispered as she watched
him strain and jerk as he ejaculated , "I'm sorry."

     Wayne couldn't believe that it had happened.  He couldn't
stop it.  To his utter shock and humiliation, he felt his mother
slowly ease out from under him and get up.

     "I'm sorry, baby but I've got to answer the phone, It's
probably Tony," she said softly, pulling her robe closed and
walking over to the telephone.

     Wayne buried his head down under the pillows, wishing he
could crawl in a hole somewhere and die.  How could he have cum
right in front of his mother.  He was so disgraced, he would
never be able to face her again.  Trying to bury his
mortification under the cushions on the couch, he listened to
his mother talking on the phone as he felt tears of shame
running down his face.

     He couldn't make out what she was saying over the din of
rain that was pouring down on the house.   Then, all at once, he
felt exhausted and unable to keep his eyes open.  He didn't try
to fight it and within moments, he was asleep.

     The room was dark when he awoke.  Looking around, he saw
that the fire had been built back up and was casting a soft,
warm glow over the room.  He didn't move for several moments as
he let his eyes grow accustomed to the dark. After a few
moments, he let his eyes slowly search the room.  Then he saw
his mother sitting in the big, stuffed chair by the fire.  He
couldn't believe his eyes as he watched her gently massaging her
big, pendant breasts while she sipped on a glass of wine.  Even
though he had cum only a short time before, he felt his manhood
spring back to life almost immediately. 

     She seemed to be unaware of him as she had her robe untied
and spread apart so that her great, swollen breasts were
uncovered.   His eyes drank in their unmatched beauty as he
watched her fingers toy and pull at the big, distended nipples. 
Watching her play with her breasts, it seemed like it took only
seconds for him to become as hard as a rock.  

     Then stunned, he watched as her hand slowly slipped down
from her breasts and traveled down between her legs.  The way
she was sitting prevented him from seeing what she was doing,
but when her head tilted back and her eyes closed, he could
imagine where her hand was.  He was already on the verge of a
second explosion as he watched his mother playing with herself. 
Her movement was becoming more and more animated as he watched. 
Her legs crept farther and farther apart and she began to make
the same little mewing sounds as before.  Her breathing was
becoming ragged and uneven as her hand moved faster and faster.

     Then just as it had been with him, the telephone rang.

     Wayne closed his eyes and feinted sleep as he heard his
mother get up and walk across the room.  He could hear her
talking quietly to someone, but the thrum of the rain made it
impossible to distinguish what she was saying.  After several
moment, he heard her set the phone down.  He waited for a few
moments as she slowly padded by the couch and sat back down in
the chair.  Opening his eyes, he saw that she had spread open
her robe again and was massaging her breasts.

     Slowly, he sat up.

     "Do your breasts hurt?" he brazenly asked her not knowing
where he had gotten the courage.

     "Whut, what, uh, what did you say?" she sputtered, turning
toward him.

     He didn't speak for several moments as he let his eyes
wander over her big, bare breasts.  She seemed confused and
initially didn't make a move to cover her exposed breasts.

     "I asked you if your breasts were hurting again?" he
blushed as she looked down at her bare breasts.

     "Oh, I'm sorry," she mumbled, slowly closing her robe and
covering her breasts, "I didn't mean to embarrass you."

     "I'm sorry, I just feel sort of funny inside when I see
your breasts uncovered," he smiled weakly.

     "They do hurt a little," she smiled back at him, "but not
like before."

     "Your breasts are very pretty," he said lamely, not knowing
what else to do or say.

     "Do you really think so? she said, this time blushing
herself, "I thought they were a little too droopy."

     "Oh, No, Mother, they're beautiful," he blurted out, his
obvious excitement showing. 

     "Well, Thank you, I guess," she laughed softly, taking
another sip of her wine.

     "Uh, would, uh, would you like for me, uh, me to, uh, to,
uh, nurse you again," he mumbled, ashamed that he had said it.

     "What did you say?" she asked him with a puzzled look on
her face.

     "Oh, Nothing," he said, blushing again afraid to press his
luck.

     Did she know that he had cum before, he wondered as he sat
smiling back at her inanely.  He wanted to say something, but he
didn't know what to say.

     "Why don't you get something to eat?" she told him, "I
fixed some snack stuff while you were asleep."

     "Hey, that's sounds good," he said, getting up and going
over to the table.

     "You were sleeping so soundly," she said loudly, trying to
make herself heard over the sound of the rain, "I didn't want to
wake you after what happened."

     Wayne didn't know what to do or say in response so he
hungrily devoured half of the food on the table.  He had been
ravenous, but hadn't realized it because his sexual emotions had
been overriding all other feelings.

     Pouring him another glass of wine, he walked back and sat
down on the couch. As he did, his mother told him that they were
stuck in the cabin until at least tomorrow afternoon.  Tony had
talked to the sheriff and found out that the local national
guard had a emergency bridge laying unit and that they could
come out as soon as it stopped raining. 

     Wayne didn't have to ask her when that would be as the rain
continued to fall outside with a vengeance.  Looking down at his
watch, he was shocked to see that it was already nine o'clock.

     "Wow, it's getting late," he remarked, refilling his glass.

     "Yeah, you slept for quite a while," she smiled back at
him, slowly sipping on her drink, "You've had a very long day.

     Neither of them spoke for several moments.  Wayne got up
and stepped over to the door of the cabin.  Opening it, he
watched the rain cascading down in sheets.

     "Boy, it's still coming down in buckets," he hollered back
to his mother.

     "I can hear it," she shouted back at him.

     Closing the door, he walked over to the fire and warmed his
hands.  He wanted to ask his mother if he could nurse her again,
but he was too bashful so he just stood there in front of the
fire waiting for her to do or say something.

     "Honey, I think I'm going to bed," he heard his mother say
after a few moments, "It's been a long day for me too."

     "It sure has," he answered, not knowing what else to say.
"I think I will too."

     Disappointed that his mother hadn't asked him to nurse
again, he trudged into his bedroom and pulled his clothes off. 
The house was warm so he could sleep in the nude as he usually
did.  Crawling under his covers, he gently stroked his swollen
manhood as he listened to his mother getting ready for bed in
the next room. 

     Then suddenly, she stuck her head around the corner. 
Startled, he knew that she had seen him stroking himself.

     "Uh, Good Night, Baby," she told him, "I, uh, I  hope, that
you sleep well.

     "Then before he had a chance to respond, she disappeared
back around the corner.

     "Uh, Night, Mom," he shouted out.

     He got no response, but after a few minutes, her light went
off leaving the house dark except for the faint glow from the
fire in the living room.  Lying in his bed, thinking back over
the events of the day, he slowly drifted off to sleep.

     Suddenly, he found himself awake.  Something had woken him
up, but he didn't know what.  The fire was almost out and the
house was dark, but he didn't hear anything out of the ordinary
as he listened.  Then he heard the sound of another log being
placed on the fire.  As he watched,  the glow from the fire
slowly grew brighter.  Then he heard his mother put another log
on the fire.  He couldn't see the fire from his bed, but he
could still see the faint glow of it.  Staring out his door into
the living room, he was surprised to see his mother suddenly
appear at the door.  He knew that it was too dark for her to see
his eyes so he didn't have to pretend he was asleep. 

     His mother stood in his doorway for the longest time.  He
wondered what she was doing as she stood peering into his room. 
Although the glow of the fire was weak, Wayne's eyes had grown
accustomed to the dark and he could see that his mother was
wearing a very, very thin nightgown.  Even in the dim light of
the fire, he could easily make out the silhouette of her
beautiful body as she stood looking into his room.  Lying on his
back he suddenly felt his cock surge back to hardness as he
stared at the outline of her body.

     Wondering what she was doing, he couldn't believe his eyes
when she slowly moved and stepped into his room.  He couldn't
believe that she was actually coming toward his bed.  

     Suddenly the captivating aroma of her bewitching perfume
enveloped him as he felt her sit down on the edge of his bed. 
His heart almost stopped beating as he waited to see what she
would do next.  Then he felt her slowly lift the covers and ease
down under them.  She was now lying in his bed next tom him.  He
thought he was going to have a heart attack as he suddenly felt
her warm body press up against him.

     "Wayne, are you  awake?," he heard her whisper.

     "Uh, yes," he muttered, his mouth so dry, he could barely
speak.

     "Do you mind if I come in here for a while?" she asked him,
pressing herself up against him insistently.

     "Uh, No," he groaned, feeling her big, firm breasts
pressing into his arm.

     She didn't say anything for several minutes.

     "Baby, my breasts are hurting again.  Would you  nurse me?"
she finally whispered. 

     "Oh, Yes," he gasped as he felt her push the covers down
and spread her gown open.

     "Thank You" she sighed.

     Rolling over toward her, he pushed his face down onto her
swollen breast.  Like a piglet searching for nourishment, he
hunted for her nipple.  Almost immediately he found the hard,
swollen pap jutting up from her swollen breast and locked his
lips around it.  Hungrily, he began to suck on it.  Just as
before, only a small trickle of milk oozed from his mother's
nipple initially.  Sucking harder, he felt the flow increase and
he was quickly rewarded with a mouthful of her sweet, frothy
milk.  Gluttonously, he pulled and sucked on her gushing tit
reveling in the delightful taste and warmth of her sweet, creamy
milk.  As he sucked and pulled on her breast, he realized that
his throbbing cock was pressed up against his mother's hot, firm
leg.  Her gown must have ridden up her leg because  there was
nothing between his cock and her bare skin.  Aflame with desire,
he couldn't stop himself from pressing his burning hardness
against her leg even harder.   He knew that she must feel his
steel hard penis mashed up against her leg, but   she made no
effort to move her leg back away from him.  Inspired by her lack
of objection, he continued to press his swollen hardness into
her leg as he sucked and fondled her swollen tit.

     "Oh, yes, baby, it feels so good," he heard his mother
whisper to him.

     In his feverish state, he didn't know if she meant his cock
or the way he was sucking her tit.  Everything was happening too
fast for him to fully comprehend it.  He was overwhelmed by the
emotions pouring through his mind.  It was too incredulous to
fully fathom.  He was lying next to his dear, sweet mother,
sucking her breast and rubbing his cock against her leg.  It
couldn't really be happening.  He must be dreaming, but he knew
he wasn't.

     Slowly the flow of milk from her breast diminished as he
ravenously suckled her like a starving man.  As he sucked, he
was able to pull less and less of her pure, precious milk into
his mouth until at last the flow stopped altogether.  

     "Do the other one, baby," she cooed, her hands coaxing him
over to her other breast.

     To reach her other breast, Wayne had to straddle her and
lean over her.  Clumsily, he raised himself up on his hands and
rolled his leg over hers.  He was now lying with his mother's
leg between his legs and his rock hard cock pressing down
against her hard, firm thigh.  Then he leaned down and quickly
sucked her other swollen pap into his mouth.

     "Oh, Yes, Baby," his mother groaned as he began to suck on
her other breast.  "You make me feel so good."

     Unable to control himself, he began to thrust his aching
hardness against her leg as his mouth pulled on her big, hard
nipple.  He knew that she couldn't help feeling his naked cock
rubbing against her as he ground it down onto her leg.  Just the
feel of her hot, smooth skin on his prick was sending him
rushing headlong toward another eruption.  Knowing that there
would be no way to disguise his ejaculation this time, he still
couldn't stop humping his cock against her leg.

     Just as before, the flow of milk was very slow at the
start, but all at once it began to pour into his mouth.  Within
moments his mouth was filling with her the delicate, womanly
flavor of her hot, sweet milk.  

     His head was swimming with pleasure and lust as he sucked
and pulled on her nipple.  Wrapping his hand around her big,
pliable breast, he squeezed and clutched her big, soft breast,
trying to coax even more of her wonderful cream from her breast.

     "Oh, Baby," his mother murmured as he ravaged her breast
with his sucking, pulling mouth.  

     Gulping loudly, he sucked hungrily at his mom's breast.  He
couldn't get enough of her frothy, sweet milk.  Holding on
tightly with both hands to the soft abundance of her breast, he
urged her to give him more and more.  He had never experienced
such power and desire before as he lay atop his mother, nursing.
 

     As she lovingly ran her hands through his hair, she held
his face mashed down against her breast.   Then woefully, he
felt the muscles in his mother's leg harden as she tried to move
her leg out from underneath his thrusting penis.   Disheartened,
he slowly lifted his leg and let her leg slip out from under
him.  Then, in a flash of comprehension, he realized that he was
now lying between her long, shapely legs.

     "Oh, Wayne," she moaned softly.  

     Encouraged by this new development, he renewed his attack
on her breast until, much sooner than he wished, the flow of
thick, frothy milk slowly diminished to a trickle and then
stopped.

     Unwillingly to forfeit his vantage, Wayne continued to
tease and taunt her bloated nipple.  As he did, he turned
slightly and pressed his hard maleness against the warmness of
her soft, smooth inner thigh.  

     As he lay atop her now, his stomach was pressing down on
the soft, fuzzy mat of hair covering her soft underbelly.  He
was so keyed up, he felt like he could feel every one of her
curly, pubic hairs individually tickling his stomach.  Then,
like a bolt of lightning, it came to him.  There was nothing
between him and his mother.  It was his own bare skin against
her bare skin.  He couldn't believe it, but she must have opened
her gown all the way when she had laid down next to him.  It was
to good to be true, he thought as a perverse thrill ran through
his body.  Infected by the perverted lust that was rigidly
obvious, he mashed his belly down on her and felt another jolt
of excitement tear into his overloaded brain.  He could feel his
mother's wetness pressing up against him as she gently thrust
herself up against his stomach

     Oh, baby..." she moaned softly.

     Drowning in emotions that he had never felt before, he ever
so slowly let his mother's nipple slip out of his mouth.  But he
kept his mouth pressed against the hot, smooth skin of her
breast.  Slowly, he began kissing his way up her breast on onto
her neck.

     "Oh, Baby,"she gushed, arching her neck against his
insistent lips.

     Lifting his body, he determinedly kissed his way up her
neck.  Stopping for a moment, he gently nibbled at the soft,
fragrant skin just below her chin. Then his lips traveled up
over her chin and quickly down onto her lips.

     "Oh, Christ," she groaned, pulling his face down and
mashing her lips against his.

     With their lips pasted together, their bodies pressed
together erotically.

     In his squirming passion, Wayne suddenly found himself with
the head of his great, bloated penis resting against the soft,
fleshy opening of his mother's wetness.   Only a rapidly
decaying fear of his mother's reaction separated him from the
dark wicked mysteries of her most sacred of  sacred places.
Then, as he felt the heat exuding from her weeping lovewound, he
felt her gently tilt her hips and gently press herself against
him.  

     Holding himself back one moment longer, he continued to
grind his mouth against hers and slowly slid his tongue into her
mouth.

     Suddenly, he felt his mother's hands on his tight, clenched
ass.  As she grabbed hold of his ass, he felt her dig her long,
pink fingernails into him.       Unable to postpone the
inevitable any longer, he slowly pushed the head of his cock
into the burning, cleaving opening of his mother's drooling
vagina.

     "Arrggghhhhhhhhh," he heard his mother gasp as their lips
broke apart.

     Gasping for breath, Wayne felt beads of perspiration pop
out on his forehead.  He was feverish and confused.  Should he
stop?  This was so wrong.  They were about to commit a mortal
sin. A sin so evil and heinous, he would forever be branded as a
Motherfucker.  But, even as his mind reeled in chaos, he knew
that there was no way to stop now.  They had gone too far. 
There was nothing anyone could do to stop their inescapable
plunge into the wicked depths of incestual love.  

     Finding her lips again, he hungrily kissed her, deep and
long.  As they kissed, he slowly eased his cock down into her
flaming core.  This couldn't really be happening, he feverishly
thought as his cock slowly slipped deeper into the scalding
depths of her tight, clutching womanhood.  He was fucking his
dear, wonderful Mother.  He would surely go to hell for what he
was doing, but it would be worth it.  He was fucking his mother.
 

     The feeling was indescribable.  It was like thrusting his
cock into a tight, burning sheath of silky softness that
lovingly clenched and squeezed him.  Unbelievably, it was hotter
and wetter as he went deeper and deeper inside the secret,
intimacy of her very soul.  There was nothing else to live for,
now.  He was submitting himself to the most wonderful experience
a boy was capable of imagining.  While the physical pleasure was
incomparable, the fact that his mother was his willing partner
in the wickedness was most important to him.  While he wanted to
make love to her for so very long, he could never have done it
without her concurrence.  Now she was more than his mother, she
was his soul-mate.

     "Oh, My Fucking, God, Mother," he gasped, finally breaking
their lip lock.

     "Oh, Wayne, My Baby, " she cried out, thrusting herself up
against him.

     Wayne's cock slid effortlessly into his mother's warmth.
His origin. His source.  The fiery oven of his birthplace.  It
felt like heaven.  Even though, he was reveling in the wicked
delight of making love to his mother, he was slightly surprised.
 It should have felt a little dirty and perverted.  He should
have had some guilt, but he couldn't believe how natural and
wonderful it felt.  Making love to the beautiful woman was
incomparable to anything, he would never be able to make love to
another woman.  

     Overcome by the delicious feelings pouring from his cock,
he tentatively  pulled his great, throbbing cock out slightly
and then pushed it back down into her fiery sheath once again.
The sensation of her wet, hot flesh wrapped around his aching
cock sent fire coursing up his cock and into his reeling mind. 
The exquisite pleasure spewing from his loins was rapidly
becoming too intense to tolerate.  

     He realized that his mother must feel the same way as she
arched her hips pulling him even deeper inside her scorching
cunt.  As he entered her, he could feel her bare breasts
pressing up against chest.  His chest was wet from the milk that
still leaked from them.  

     Thrusting himself into her, he finally felt the head of his
cock thud up against her cervix at the same instant his belly
touched hers.  They were made for each other and fit together
perfectly.  

     Holding himself deep inside of her hot, sucking cunt, he
bent down and quickly kissed her again.  His mother returned his
kiss, and soon his tongue snaked its way into her mouth. Mother
and son embraced and kissed deeply with their hips flattened
against each other.  

     The passion that was pouring through his body rapidly
blossomed into a white-hot spasm of ecstasy as the tension in
his loins reached the boiling point.  

     "Momph!" he tried to warn her but it was too late. His cock
erupted violently inside her, sending a huge gusher of his
white-hot lavacum spurting out into his mother's vagina. 

     "Oh, Wayne..." His mother gurgled, wrapping her legs around
him, and pushing her hips up against him.

     "Wayne, MY, Baby ..." she cried, her voice softening into a
whimper as his body continued to spasm and writhe.

     Over and over again, he felt his cock jerk and spurt gusher
after gusher of his thick, hot cum deep into his mother's
hungry, sucking cunt.  It was pure heaven as wave after wave of
pleasure washed over his body.

     "Oh, My, God, Mother, I Love You," he gasped as he thrust
himself down into her again and again.

     Finally, his mighty monster relented and stopped firing off
inside of her.  Exhausted by the huge expenditure of physical
and emotional energy, Wayne collapsed down on top of her.  

     Neither of them spoke as they lay pressed against each
other for several moments.  Then, as if reading each other's
minds they began kissing and lovingly fondling and caressing
each other. 

     As they petted,  Wayne was surprised to find that his cock,
still buried inside his mother hadn't softened at all.  After a
few moments, he slowly began to slide his cock in and out of his
mother's deep, wet cunt.  Within moments, they were gently
fucking as his mother eagerly returned his thrusts.  Soon, their
bodies were moving in a heated rhythm.

     "Oh, Wayne, I love it," she moaned as he fucked her. 

     Mom ... Mom ... Mom." he heard himself moaning
involuntarily as their hips clashed together over and over. 
Their pent up passion overcame them and suddenly they were going
at each other like two clawing, biting animals.  They were
unable to get enough of the other as they fought for release
from the burning, festering desire.  

     "Fuck Mommy, Fuck Mommy," he heard his mother grunt every
time he slammed his hard cock into her.

     Their hips slammed together loudly as they fucked, sending
splatters of their lovemaking flying all over the bed.  The loud
slurping of her cunt as it sucked on his dick could even be
heard above the roar of the rain crashing down on the roof, but
still they fucked.

     At last, after twenty or thirty minutes of fierce, ball
busting fucking, Wayne felt his scrotum begin to tighten.  He
could feel himself nearing the point of eruption as his mother
writhed and groveled below him, urging him to fuck her harder
and harder.

     "Oh, Fuck, Baby, I feel it CUMMMMNNNNNN!", she finally
screamed as her body tensed and her muscles became as hard as
boards.

     Wayne felt her cunt lock down around his cock, squeezing it
so hard he couldn't stop it from exploding.

     "FUCKMOTHERCUMMNNNN," he bellowed out at the same time a
brilliant flash of lightning filled the room.

     Terrified by the blinding bolt of lightning, he felt like
the head of his cock had been blown off inside his mother.  

     Then the whole house shook as thunder followed the
lightning.

     He couldn't stop cumming inside his mother.  Over and over
again, his cock gathered itself and spewed out load after load
of his thick, creamy cum into her clinging cunt.  He quickly
filled her to overflowing.  He could feel his cum oozing out
around his spasming cock and running down the crack of his
mother's upturned ass.

     Time seemed to stop as they groaned and fucked.  At last,
there was no more and they collapsed in each other's arms. 
Consumed by their sinful escapade, they immediately fell asleep.

     Wayne awoke dazed and dead tired.  Yawning, he stretched
and wondered why he felt so groggy.  Then he felt an icy finger
of fear shoot down his spine as he recalled the events of the
previous night.

     God, he had made love to his mother.  Or was it just some
wild, crazy dream he had conjured up?

     Panicky, he began to sweat.  It had to be a dream, he
thought.   Then he caught a whiff of his mother's perfume that
lingered in the air.  Anxiously, he rolled over and shoved his
nose down into the rumpled sheets.  The haunting fragrance of
her perfume was even stronger on the sheets.  She must have been
in his bed.  But had they made love like he remembered?  Maybe
he had just nursed her, like earlier.  Maybe that was it.  And
he had just imagined the rest of it.

     As the torpor of sleep slowly departed from his mind, the
frightening details came back to him bit by bit.  Then, as if to
assure him, he felt the itchy dryness of dried semen pull at the
hairs on his leg.  It was no dream.  It was true.  HE HAD MADE
LOVE TO HIS MOTHER. 

     Recalling every erotic moment, he quickly found himself
growing hard once again.  The intoxicatingly wicked memory of
their love-making was a malignant aphrodisiac to him.  He had
made love to his mother and now, he wanted her again.  He had to
feed the diseased monster inside him.  The sick, evil craving
they had created must be satisfied.  Now that he had tasted the
forbidden fruit, there was no turning back, he had to have more.

     But what about his mother?  And where was she?  Had she
gone back to her own bed in shame and disgust?  Was shy lying
there in her bed despising him and what he had done to her?

     He was so afraid that she would hate him.  Fearing the
answer, he had to know how she felt toward him. 

     One short night of love making and he was already resentful
of her absence.  Glancing down at his watch, he saw it was
already nine o'clock.  Where had the time gone?

     Thinking back on last nigh, he reached down and quickly ran
his hand up and down his big, swollen cock.  He wished it was
his mother's hand instead of his as he quickly rolled out of
bed.  

     Walking over to the door, he admired his ten inches of
stiff, bloated cock sticking out in front of him like a divining
rod searching for pussy.  Stopping in the doorway, he looked out
into the living room.

     He felt his heart lurch with desire and tenderness as he
saw was his mother standing at the front door looking outside.

     As his eyes hungrily devoured her form, he was surprised to
see bright, hot sunlight streaming through the door.  It had
finally stopped raining. 

     He felt a sudden disappointment.  He had hoped that the
rain would continue and give him more time alone with his
mother.  That is if she didn't hate him.  

     But the rain was gone.  Now every moment became more and
more precious.  As he stared at his mother, the sunlight
streaming through the door made it obvious that she wasn't 
wearing anything under her thin, flimsy gown.  It was the same
gown she had worn last night and he could easily see right
through it. His already hardened maleness jumped with excitement
as he stood ogling the enticing silhouette of his mother's body
outlined by the bright sunlight.  

     He couldn't move for several minutes.  He was afraid to
find out how she felt toward him.  But he had to know.  Would
she hate him or, or what, he wondered.  Would she have come to
her senses and spurn him in the bright, harsh light of morning?  

     He tried to imagine what she was thinking about.  What must
be going through her mind?  Did she think he was a fiend for
what he had done to her?  What they had done was wrong. 
Terribly wrong.  But it had been  so wickedly wonderful.  

     Wayne had made love to several girls before, but it was
nothing like what had happened last night.  He had loved his
mother like any son loved his mother before last night.  Now
that love had mutated into an obscene hunger to possess her
body.  The craving was so deep and profound, just looking at her
made his heart ache with desire. He had never known anything so
consuming!  So devastating!  So addictive! 

     Looking down, he guiltily  watched as his big, heavy cock
bouncing up and down lewdly.  Just thinking about her was enough
to make him cum.  

     How did she feel about him? 

     Trying to reign in his passion, he shamefully remembered
that this was the same woman who had raised him.  Spanked his
bottom when he had needed it.  Wiped his little butt when he
shit in his pants.  Chastised him when he was bad.  Wiped his
runny nose when he was sick. Kissed his owies and made them
better.  Fed him. Clothed him. Comforted him. Fucked him. 

     No matter how she felt now, she had been his lover for one
night anyway.  In his heart, He was now her lover and always
would be regardless of her feelings toward him.  He knew what he
felt for her was a perversion of love, but it was all he had. 
He knew it was sick for a son to love his mother as he did, but
he couldn't help it.  He was a prisoner of his own lust.  

     He had to know how she felt about him.  What did she think
of him now that they had made love.    He couldn't put it off
any longer.  He had to know NOW! 

     Stepping across the room as quietly as he could, he slipped
up behind her.  Wrapping his arms around her, he forcefully
pulled her back against him.

     "What,  uh, oh," she mumbled as he hugged her to him.

     "Good morning, Mother," he bubbled.  "How do you feel
today?"

     She didn't speak.  

     His heart jumped into his throat.  He was afraid to move as
she seemed to ignore his presence for several moments.  So she
really did hate his guts, he thought.

     "Oh, I'm as well as can be expected," she finally sighed,
relaxing slightly and leaning back against him.

     "Are you mad at me?" he asked her, gently hugging her
tighter.

     Once again, it took several moments for her to respond.

     "No, Baby, I'm not angry at you," she mumbled, "I am angry
with myself."

     "What for?" he asked innocently.

     "Oh, Honey," she said softly, "I should never have come to
your room last night.  It was all so wrong."

     "But, Mom," he gushed, "it was wonderful.  The best ever. 
Great."

     "No, Baby, it was so wrong," she wept.  "We had no right to
do what we did."

     "Mom, how could it be wrong?" he argued, wishing he could
somehow make her feel like he did. "It was THE BEST."

     "Wayne, we committed incest.  It was so wrong,"  she
mumbled.

     "Mother, it couldn't be bad," he groaned, trying to
convince her that what they had done was not that bad.  

     "Baby, can't you see what we've done?" 

     "What? Made wild, beautiful love?  How can that be wrong?"
he moaned.

     "But we created a monster.  A monster that can't be allowed
to live.  A monster  that must die here.  Here in this cabin. 
Now, "she sobbed. 

     "What? What do you mean?" he groaned.

     "Anything that we did.  Any  new feelings we created toward
each other.  Anything that was conceived in this place can't be
allowed to grow.  That is why it is so terrible."

     "Why?" he asked her, slowly bringing his hands up to her
big, pendant breasts and lovingly squeezing them.

     "Oh, no, Wayne, please don't, we can't," she wept, making a
feeble attempt to push his hands away from her breasts. "It
isn't right.  We just can't."

     "But, Mother, I love you so much," he blubbered, fighting
to keep his hands wrapped around her big, soft breasts.

     He could feel her shake as her body was wracked by sobs. 
Wishing that he could do anything to ease her pain, he still
couldn't move his hands away from her big, beautiful breasts. 

     "Mother, no one has to know, but you and I," he said, still
trying rationalize their love as natural and right.  

     He would do anything to lure her into his bed once again.  

     Somehow, he had to make her understand how badly he needed
her.

     Then he felt something wet on his hands and realized that
her breasts had begun to leak again.  Just the thought of her
big, white breasts and their delicious contents, made his cock
jump excitedly.

     "It is wrong," she said, trying to stop crying. "Very, very
wrong for a mother and son to make love.  Don't you know that. 
It is incest.  It is a mortal sin."

     "But, Mother, it was too wonderful to be a sin."

     "Oh, Wayne, my baby," she gushed, "Can't you see it?  Don't
you know how much I wish we could.  But we can't go on
pretending that it isn't wrong.  As much as I want to, one of us
has to stop it before it gets totally out of control and ruins
everything.  We have to stop it before it goes any further."

     "Please, Mother," he pleaded with her, hugging her to him
even tighter. 

     "Oh, Wayne, please stop tempting me.  We can't, Baby.  We
would regret it the rest of our lives."

     "But, Mother, We've already done it once.  What difference
would one more time make"

     "Oh, Wayne, stop tormenting me." 

      "Can't we do it just one more time, Mother?  Please?"

     "God, Wayne, stop it, please, baby."

     " Mommy, no one will ever know. Just you and I. Just one
more time, please mother," he whispered, feeling her resistance
begin to crumble.     

     "Oh, Wayne, it would be so wrong," she mumbled.

     Then, as if she had finally surrendered, he felt her slowly
melt back against him.

     Neither of them moved for the longest time.  They just
stood there.  At last, Wayne felt his mother slowly turn around.
 Then, facing him, she looked into his eyes with such passion,
he felt his heart begin to melt.  Staring back into her eyes,
Wayne was shocked to see how tired and drained she looked.  He
could see wrinkles around her eyes and lips that he had never
noticed before.  There were even dark rings under her eyes.  He
had never seen her looking so worn out.  Yet, as tired and
haggard as she was and even without makeup, he still found her
beautiful.

     Peering into her big, brown eyes, he found himself slowly
being sucked down into the deep, whirling whirlpools.  He could
feel his love for her pouring out into the bottomless depths of
her soul as their eyes locked together.  Then as she stared
intently into his eyes, she slowly raised her hands.  Pressing
her hands against his cheeks, she held his head motionless.

     "If we do it once more," she said softly, but insistently,
"will you swear to me that you will never ask again?  Swear that
we will never again do the depraved thing we are about to do
again. Swear that the wicked evil that we created here, will die
here in this cabin and never be reborn again?"

     "God, Yes, Mother, I swear," he lied, knowing that he would
agree to anything to make love to her one more time.  

     "You Swear?" she asked him again, her eyes searching for
the truth in his eyes.

     "I swear, Mother," he gurgled, his cock bouncing up and
down with excitement.

     "This is so wrong," she gushed, "But I want you, too.  Only
this must be the last time we ever let this happen though.  It
can never, ever happen again."

     "Yes, Mother," he groaned, wrapping his arms around her and
clutching her to him roughly. 

     As he held her crushed to his body, she pushed him back for
a moment more

     "Toni called earlier and said that they were going to try
to rescue us around four this afternoon," she told him,
breathlessly.  "so we have until then to satisfy the evil rage
that is possessing us.  And that time will have to last us a
life time."

     "Oh, God, Mother," he moaned, strongly sweeping her 125
pound frame up into his arms.

     Staggering slightly, he quickly carried her across the
living room.  With her arms wrapped around his neck, she nibbled
and chewed on his ear as he carried back her to his bed.

     Wayne gently lowered her down onto the bed and stood
looking down at her for several moments.

     "What's wrong?" she asked, wondering why he had stopped,
"Is something wrong?"

     "God, No," he grimaced, "I was just thinking about
beautiful you are."

     "Oh, Silly," she simpered, blushing slightly.

     Wayne quickly leaned down and peeled her gown apart,
revealing her bare body underneath it.  He had never really seen
her completely naked before and it nearly took his breath away. 
She was indeed beautiful.

     While the night before had been a touch and feel
experience, all of her radiant beauty was now on display before
him.  Raking his eyes down her body, he saw that her big, white
breasts were still oozing milk.  Amazed by the size and
circumference of her beautiful breasts, he felt his cock lurch
with excitement as he saw that they were still streaming milk. 
But as beautiful and full as her breasts were, he couldn't keep
his eyes from being drawn down to fur shrouded mystery of her
soft underbelly.  Down to where the inlet to her soul lay hidden
under the soft, curly forest of pubic hair.  Down to the place
of his origin. Down to the deep, dark, secret place that was so
forbidden.

     Staring down at her, he could see the indentation of that
holiest of holy places.  He had to see it up close.  He had to
feast his eyes on the magical cavern of flesh that had been his
home so long ago.  That place that had once been able to hold
his whole body inside its warm, protective depths, now could
only hold his big, thick cock.  

     Dropping to his knees, Wayne tentatively reached out and
gently forced his mother's long, lovely legs apart.  As her
perfectly shaped thighs parted, he watched the secret, hidden
core of her love wound wetly spread open.  He felt his cock
lurch dangerously as he marveled at the thick, heavy lips of
flesh surrounding his mother's secret grotto.

     "Oh, God," he whispered as the full, swollen lips of her
vagina gaped open revealing the wet, pinkness inside.  

     He couldn't stop himself.  He bent down, thrusting his face
into the burning wetness of her hot, wet cunt.  Breathing in the
wickedly pungent musk of her womanhood, he reveled in its odor.
Her ripe, unwashed aroma enveloped him, exciting and provoking
him to devour her waiting womanhood.

     "Oh, Yes, Baby," she cooed as his mouth descended on her
and his tongue dove inside her pussy.

     Reveling in the piquant, biting taste of her dripping gash,
he drove his tongue into the wet, fleshy opening .  Overwhelmed
by the smell and taste of her, he buried his face in her pussy,
eagerly teasing and tormenting the soft, pithy gash.  

     "Oh, Baby," she muttered again, pressing his face down into
her slavering cunt.

     Rubbing his face in her pussy until it was covered with her
sex perfumed juices, he hungrily devoured her.  Licking and
lapping at her, he quickly sought out her clitoris.

     As his tongue found it and flicked over it, he felt his
mother arch her back, thrusting her pussy up into his face.  As
his tongue flitted over the jutting hardness of her little man
in a boat, he could her groan with approval.

     His mother's smooth, slick clit was huge, he thought as he
sucked it into his mouth.  It was twice as big as the clits of
the girls he had had sex with at school.  Almost mad with
passion, he attacked the jutting core of her femininity with a
vengeance.  He could feel the muscles in his mother's thighs
tense and harden as he sucked and flicked her clitoris.  Sensing
that she was rapidly nearing an orgasm, he moved his tongue
faster and faster.  Then as his mother writhed under his attack,
he nipped her clitoris with his teeth.  Sucking her bulging clit
between his teeth, he held it there and tortured it with his
tongue.

     "Oh, God, ohgod, Oh, God,
ogodododgooddooooofukkkkimmmmcummminnnggg," he heard her wail as
her whole body began to shake and writhe.  

     As she climaxed, Wayne watched in amazement as two tiny
streams of milk began spurting from her hard, jutting nipples.  

     Never in his wildest dreams could this have happened.  He
couldn't believe that he eating his mother and watching her tits
shoot out milk all over everything.  Excited beyond belief, he
kept his mouth plastered down on his mother's jerking cunt as
she rode out the wonderment of her orgasm.  He kept sucking and
nipping at her clitoris for a full minute more until her muscles
finally relaxed and her body dropped back to the bed.

     Softly releasing his lip lock on his mother's clitoris, he
lovingly kissed the swollen labiums surrounding her drooling pit
for several moments.

     Finally, he stopped and crawled onto the bed.  Lying down
at his mother's side, he gently lifted her leg and curving his
body around hers, slipped his huge cock into her hot, wet cunt.

     "OH, Yessss," he heard her sigh as he slowly slid his
thick, throbbing cock into the hot, clinging wetness of her
cunt, "Baby fuck Mommy."

     It was all he could do to keep from cumming immediately as
he drove his cock into her all the way to the hilt.  Then,
grinding himself into her, he held his cock inside the
clutching, squeezing heat of her vagina as he bent down and
began to suck on her breast. 

     Her breast, already primed by her orgasm gave up its sweet,
thick burden freely.  Hungrily sucking and pulling on her
nipple, he was quickly rewarded with a mouthful of her creamy,
rich milk. Nothing tasted as sweet, as delectable as the foamy,
thick sap flowing from her breast.  Suddenly, he found himself
jealous of his little sister, Marie.  Marie got all of his
mother's milk she wanted and after today, he would have no more.
 Hungrily swallowing a mouthful of her milk, he continued to
suck and draw on her breast until the flow of milk slowed and
stopped.

     Sadly, he let the depleted pap slip out of his mouth and
gave the barren breast one last kiss.  Unwrapping his body from
around hers, he withdrew his great, swollen mancock out of her
weeping vagina.  Gently lowering her leg to the bed, he scooted
back away from her.  

     "Oh, Baby, don't take it out," she begged, reaching for
him, "Put it back in Mommy, Please."

     Acknowledging his mother's appeal, he crawled up between
her widely outstretched legs.  Reaching down, he grabbed his
giant, bobbing cock and eagerly guided it back down to the
oozing, leaking gash between his mother's smooth, firm thighs. 
Hurriedly fitting the bulbous  head of his cock back into her
waiting socket, he grunted and shoved his cock into her all the
way to the hilt.

     "Unhhhhh, Yes, baby, fuck Mommy," he heard her groan as he
rapidly withdrew himself and in rapid succession impaled her six
or more seven times .

     Then he suddenly drew his cock out of the drenched channel
of her cunt.

     "Oh, baby, put it back in Mommy," she beseeched him,
"please, baby."

     Ignoring her, he crawled up and lay down on her other side.
 Lifting her long, perfectly shaped leg, he curled his body
around her again and reinserted his great, purple-headed monster
back down into the fiery depths of her cunt. 

     "Oh, Yes, baby, fuck Mommy," she groaned again as he bent
down and sucked her other nipple into his mouth.  In no time,
her milk was again flowing into his mouth.  He felt like he was
drowning in the honeyed richness of the gushing river of milk. 
But even though he was drowning in its abundance, he couldn't
get enough of the thick, bubbly liquor to quench the burning
desire for his mother.  

     He had to posses her totally.  Conquer her and make her his
willing love slave for eternity.  He had to have all of her for
his own.  How could he share her with anyone?  He had to have
all of her.  Her breasts, her milk, her pussy, her mouth, her
ass, her body, her love.  He had to have it all.  Then abruptly,
her breast stopped giving milk.  Sucking as hard as he could, he
couldn't revive the wellspring of the delicious nectar.

     "Oh, baby, you're sucking too hard," his mother moaned.

     Spitting out her drained papilla, he roughly jerked his
cock out of her.

     "Oh, honey, put it back it, Mommy," she begged him.

     Dropping her leg, he crawled over her leg and scrambled up
between her long, tanned legs.  Grabbing his huge cock again, he
guided it back into her waiting wetness once again.  Lunging at
her, he drove himself into as deeply as he could.

     "Oh, yes, baby, fuck, Mommy, fuck, Mommy," she cried out,
accepting him completely.

     Wayne became a mad man as he fucked her with brutal, deep
strokes.  His clenched ass was bouncing up and down like a car
with bad spring on a bad road. His essence, his spirit, his
total consciousness flowed down to his huge driving penis.  He
became the thick, heavy cylinder of rock hard muscle and blood. 
He could feel every sensation as his heavily veined body plowed
in out of his mother's hot, clinging cunt.  In and out, in and
out, he drove himself into her again and again.  Time stopped as
he and his mother fucked and fucked.  He had become a mindless
cock whose only purpose in life was to bring pleasure to his
mother and her hot, sucking cunt.  As he hammered himself into
her with boundless energy, he was rewarded when he felt her body
jerking under him as she climaxed.  Not slowing a beat, he
continued to attack her with his cock without a pause.  He
didn't know how long since her last orgasm, but suddenly he felt
her quiver and jerk into her second orgasm, but he kept on
pounding his cock into her tirelessly.  

     He had never had such energy and endurance.  He had never
felt such power.  Such total domination.  Such love.  On and on
he went.  Untiringly, he drove his cock into her battered,
bruised cunt.

     Finally, after his mother's fifth orgasm, he felt the pool
of liquid fire in his balls begin to churn heavily.  He wanted
to fill his mother's burning, hot, clutching depths with his
flaming cum.  He wanted to fill her with importance.  Make her
pregnant with his child.  Possess her in every way possible. 
Possess her mind.  Possess her body.  Invade her body and leave
it possessed by his defiant seed.

     "Cum, baby, cum in Mommy's cunt, cum, baby, cum in Mommy,"
he heard his mother urging him on.

     Suddenly, he felt his cock explode inside his mother's
clenching, squeezing, milking cunt.  Pleasure, so pure and
intense it hurt, burst upon his brain filling him with agony and
ecstasy at the same time.

     "OFUKGODCUMNMOTHRTOMCHGNDIE," he blabbered out
unintelligibly as his huge cock spurted and spewed out it potent
load of semen into his mother.

     He felt he had died and gone to heaven as he lay atop his
mother filling her to overflowing again and again.  His whole
body was jerking and convulsing and he deposited load after load
of thick, viscid into her absorbing, sucking cunt.

     "OHFUKNGOD," she wailed as her body was once again consumed
by the unholy fires of yet another orgasm.  

     Their bodies fought and clashed together as their minds
shot off into a world of hot, sharp pleasure so all consuming,
they felt they were staring death in the eye.

     At last, there was nothing left and they collapsed. 

     Wayne awoke dazed and dead tired.  Yawning, he stretched
and wondered why he felt so groggy.  Then he found his mother
lying beside him, still wrapped in his arms.  Smiling drunkenly,
he gently gave her a loving hug. 

     "Whahuh," she sputtered, her eyes flying open.

     A fleeting look of bewilderment fluttered across her face
as she saw that she was lying with her son.  Then, she smiled. 
It was a happy, contented smile.  Leaning forward, she gave him
a soft, loving kiss on his lips.

     "Hello, Lover," she whispered.

     "I love you, mother," 

     "I love you, too."

     Stretching, she rolled away from him.  He reached for her
again, wanting to pull her back into his arms.

     "Oh, My, goodness," she yelped, looking down at her watch. 
"It's two o'clock.  The Army will be here any time now."

     "Oh, Crap," Wayne complained, "Can't we have another
quickie?"

     "No," she said emphatically, sitting up.

     Wayne watched on hungrily as his mother's great, pendant
breasts jiggled and shook.

     "Can I have some more milk then?" 

     "Let's get everything loaded up and we'll see."

     Jumping up, Wayne rushed around the cabin and out to the
jeep for the next hour.  Finally, he had it loaded.  Walking
back into the cabin, he saw his mother standing at the sink with
her back to him.  

     "What are you doing, Mother?" he asked her, stepping up
behind her.

     "Oh, I was just fixing you a little snack," she said,
turning around.

     Wayne grinned widely as he saw his mother's blouse was
unbuttoned and spread open.  Her big, beautiful breasts jutted
out heavily, wiggling and jiggling enticingly.

     "Want some?"

     Bending down, he quickly sucked one giant, bulging nipple
into his mouth.  Sucking and pulling on it, he had to wait for
several moments before her breast began to give up its rich,
thick load of milk.

     Slurping loudly, he sucked and sucked until the flow of
milk stopped.  Quickly spitting it out, he searched for the
other nipple, but his mother pushed him away.

     "I'm sorry, baby," she told him, "But I have to save some
for Marie."

     Disappointed, he lifted both of her big, heavy breasts. 
Squeezing them lovingly, he gave both of the jutting,
protuberant nipples a kiss.

     "But," she smiled vulgarly, "I would like some of your
cream."

     "What, what, uh, huh," he blubbered foolishly as his face
reddened brightly.

     "I mean I would like to suck on your gigantic cock," she
smiled, dropping to her knees in front of him.

     "God, Mother," he blushed, looking down at her in
disbelief, "your embarrassing me."

     "Oh, Come, on baby," she laughed, unthreading his belt and
opening his pants.  

     Wayne was in shock as he stared down at her.  She looked
back up at him and quickly jerked his pants and shorts down.  As
she did, his long, thick cock flopped out into the open.

     "God, I can't believe how big you are," she groaned. 

     Wrapping her hands around its impressive girth, she quickly
lifted it and sucked the great purple head  into her mouth. 
Hungrily, she began to suck on it as she roughly stroked the
shaft of his rapidly hardening penis.  Sucking more and more of
his cock into her mouth, she lovingly cupped his great dangling
balls in her other hand.  He couldn't believe what was happening
right before his eyes.  His mother, on her knees in front of
him, had already sucked nearly half of his eleven inch cock into
her hot, wet, sucking mouth.  Even though he had cum more in the
past night and day than he had in the last six months, he could
already feel his scrotum tightening in preparation of a massive
explosion.  

     "Oh, God Mother," he groaned as she continued to gnaw and
suck of her son's cock.

     Just then, he faintly heard the whop, whop, whop of a
helicopter in the distance.  It must be the Army coming for them.

     Then his mother began to roughly squeeze his balls and
tickle his scrotum with her long, sharp fingernails.  He could
feel his load of semen in his balls begin to boil threateningly.
 He couldn't last much longer.  But he didn't know if he could
beat the helicopter rushing toward them.  Suddenly, his mother
dug her finger up into his asshole and he felt his cock jerk
explosively.

     "WATCHOUTMOTHERCUMMINGGGGG," he bellowed loudly as his cock
erupted inside his mother's mouth.

     She didn't hesitate as she swallowed his impressive load of
thick, hot semen.  Sucking hungrily, she continued to suck on
his erupting cock as the sound of the helicopter grew louder and
louder.

     Finally, his cock stopped spewing out its load as the sound
of the helicopter filled the cabin with its loudness.  Leaning
back, his mother let his giant penis slither out of her mouth. 
Looking up at him, she winked as he helped her get to her feet.

     "Deeelicious," she smiled.

     Wayne quickly jerked his pants up and buttoned them as his
mother buttoned her blouse.  Once they were presentable again,
his mother took his hand and they walked out onto the porch. 
Staring up at the helicopter, they saw two soldiers looking out
the door at them as the chopper hovered above them.

     "ARE YOU OKAY?" they heard someone in the helicopter say
over the chopper's loud hailer.

     Looking at each other, they smiled knowingly.  As she
stared into his eyes for a moment, he saw her tiny, pink tongue
dart out and lap up a tiny dab of his semen that had dribbled
out of her mouth. Suddenly, he saw her wink at him and felt her
fingernail scratch at the palm of his hand.  The sheer
wickedness of her act sent a bolt of electricity shoot through
his cock.  He couldn't believe this was happening.

     Grinning back her drunkenly, he slowly raised his hand with
his thumb extended showing the helicopter crew that they were
okay.  Holding hands, they for the helicopter to land.  Did this
mean that his mother had reconsidered her ultimatum?  Would they
continue to be lovers when they returned to civilization?  What
did their future hold?  What would become them?  Who knows, he
wondered, only time would tell..............

The end (..........maybe)
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
