Copyright © 1997,  Drifter.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.
Sexually Explicit Material   -   Not Intended for Minors

     Title  My Mom's Best Friend


     Part 1

     by the Drifter


     How did I end up sleeping with my Mom's best friend Helen and with
my Mom's full knowledge and approval?  I would love to tell you.

     I have always been mature for my age.   That's because of the way
my parents raised me.  Now I am a 16 year old male Junior in High
school.  I am 6' and weigh 190 pounds all solid and find myself in this
unbelievable situation. 

      My parents, Charlie and Carol Johnson are in their late thirties, both
work and both are pretty successful lawyers.  I am an only child and my
folks have always treated me like an adult.  I mean they never talked
down to me but treated me more like another adult for as long as I can
remember.  I know I liked it and tried to live up to their expectations.

     Some people would say our house is pretty unusual and I guess it
is. My folks have always been good friends to me as well as great
parents.  As I grew up, anything and everything that came up was
always discussed openly and directly with me without any lies or fairy
tales.  Consequently I never really thought much like a teenager.

     When I first started asking about sexual things I got honest answers
from both of my parents.  And they never used the cold limp clinical
terms for anything but explained to me both the clinical and street terms
for everything. Especially my Mom,  I think she liked using street
language. They did ask that I not talk about any of this with anyone but
them,  mainly because most people were pretty hung up about sex in
this country.  

     My Dad took me aside one day and said bluntly, "Mark buddy, you
are going to fuck a lot of sweet young things. I did too when I was your
age. There are a few things I want you to remember.  First never force
yourself on a female.  If they say no, even if you know they mean yes,
then drop it until they make it clear it's a yes.  Never use a young girl. 
There will be some that you can impress and fuck.  Make damn sure
they are as horny as you are and not just fucking you just because you
are a good looking popular young hunk.   Even with those limits and
maybe because of them, you will get more ass than you can dream of.
You know about diseases.  Be safe.  Soon you will get a reputation and
girls will come to you.  One last thing bud.  Older women will come on to
you too.  Teachers, house wives, your friends Moms even.  Don't pass
them up.  You will find the older ones know a lot more about what they
are doing. Enjoy and learn.   If you have a problem or don't understand
any of this come see me.  I love you son and want you to have a good
life.

      So it was in this open environment that I grew up. 

     I was well versed in the theoretical aspects of sex.  I also knew
my folks had a very active sex life.  They didn't ever try to hide that fact.
I heard them in their bedroom a lot from a early age.  I remember
listening to them as I masturbated.

      By the time  I was 15,  I had played a lot of games with girls .  I had
gotten lucky a couple of times and knew I really dug sex.  Sarah Barns
gave me my first blow job after we had been kissing and feeling each
other up for a couple of hours in her bedroom one day after school.  
Then  Betty Towns let me fuck her at this party at her house when her
parents were out of town.  Actually I wasn't the only guy that had Betty
that night but fortunately I think I was the first.... that night.

     After Betty I was a true devotee to pussy.  I concentrated on the
subject and actually did pretty well.  It amazed me how many of the girls
in high school were as eager as I was for sex. Just like my Dad had
said.  Some took a little longer than others but as my reputation grew so
did the list of eager girls.  The girls I dated knew I was going to push
hard for sex and most of them were as eager as I was. My favorite story
was the cute cheerleader who as soon as we parked at the lake slipped
her panties off without a word and lay them on the dashboard as cool as
that.

     I guess word got back to my Mom cause one day when I got
home from school she was there. She had taken the afternoon off from
her office so we could talk.  She started right after I had gotten home
from school and popped the top on a coke.  She sat at the kitchen table
in her Lawyer Suit.

     "Come sit down Mark,  we need to talk."

     "Sure Mom, what's up."

     In her normal unabashed way she looked directly at me and said,
"I have been told that you are quite the Romeo and are fucking half of
the little girls in high school."  Remember I told you my parents had little
use for clinical terms.

     I guess I grinned pretty big, a little proud of my success and I also
blushed.  She didn't seem surprised or even upset.  She had said it
pretty matter-of-factly.  I looked at her and replied. "That's a bit of an
overstatement Mom. I have gotten lucky with a few."

     "Well I'm not surprised I guess.  You are a young hunk.    It's about
that time for you as I remember high school.  Tell me you are being
careful.  We both know this is not the time to get some sexy little thing
pregnant." 

     "Yeah Mom,  I am careful,  usually I use rubbers.  A few of my
dates are on birth control.  There are a couple of girls I know that have
been with a lot of guys so I  use a rubber anyway.  Pisses some of them
off but they get over it.   I tell them no rubber , no cock."

     "Good for you.  I'm glad honey, I mean that you're being carefully.  
Sex is a lot of fun but as that commercial for rubbers says,  Its not worth
dying for."

     Then I surprised myself when I asked, "Were you pretty active in
high school Mom?"

     She cocked her head and looked surprised at my question.  Then
she laughed good naturedly and said, "Well lets just say my Mom put me
on birth control when I was a sophomore.  And it was a good thing she
did."

     "Did you do a lot of guys?"

     She laughed again only this time it was her nervous laugh and I
knew she wasn't comfortable with my questions.

     "Hey buster it was your sex life we were talking about, not mine."

     "Mom...  fair is fair.  I will answer any of your questions so why
can't you answer mine?"

     She looked thoughtful for a Moment and then took her coat off like it
was getting warm and said, "OK,  fair is fair I guess.  Did I do a lot of
guys.  I'm not sure how to answer that.  I fucked seven or eight in high
school,  and a few more than that in college.  Is that a lot?"  and her
eyes twinkled as she looked at me.

     "That's a few Mom.  I bet you were a hot one.  You still are if the
sounds from your bedroom are any indication."

     She blushed then and after a moment laughed saying, "I guess I
am honey.  I have always adored sex.  I had a hard time saying no to a
cute guy back then.  It seems you are a lot like your old Mom."

     "Yeah old...   give me a break Mom, I wish my girl friends looked
like you."  And I meant it.  My Mom was one sexy looking lady.

     "Why thank you honey. That is really a sweet compliment."

     I glanced at her nice size breasts and saw her nipples standing up
hard through her thin bra and silk blouse.  I was surprised that when she
realized where I was looking she pulled her shoulders back pushing her
great tits out further and said, "OK buster, take a good look and then get
it off your mind."

     We laughed and my cock was hard as a rock.  She was so damn
sexy.  I thought about it for a moment and then stood up.  My hard cock
was obvious as it could be in my jeans.  Her eyes ran over it and she
swallowed hard and said,   "I think this conversation has gone a little too
far.  Up to your room and do your homework you young faker. "

     I laughed and said, "I have to get rid of this first."

     "Well I'm sure you are still familiar with your fist so go on to your
room and take care of it and then do your homework.... Stud..  I need to
get busy on dinner."

     As I closed the door and pulled my hard cock out to jack off I was
thinking about how it would be to fuck my great looking Mom.

     Later when I went back to the kitchen my Dad was in the shower. 
I walked in and Mom looked at me, dropped her eyes to my cock and
then said laughing, "I see you took care of your problem."

     I was instantly hard again.  In front of her eyes my cock jumped to
full hard in my pants.  I was standing a couple of feet from her and she
looked up at me and blushed saying,

      "Oh Mark honey, I'm sorry,"  and she hugged me like she usually did
when she wanted to comfort me.  Only this time we both felt my hard
cock between us.  After a long hug she pulled away looking flushed and
grabbed her purse.  She pulled out a ten dollar bill and put it in my hand
saying,

     "Get out of here you randy little shit.  Go get yourself a burger and
then go see one of your girlfriends and take care of that thing.  Get
before your Dad comes down here and we have to explain why I made
your cock hard."

     I laughed and hugged her again pressing my pet against her
boldly. She broke after a few seconds and looked down at me and then
swatted me on the ass and said huskily,

     "Go baby."

     * * *

     It was almost midnight when I got back.  Dad was sound asleep
and Mom was waiting up for me.  She was reading in the kitchen and
had her robe on.  I wondered what she had on under it.  When I walked
in she looked up from her book and smiled saying,

     "Feel better?"

     I just smiled and nodded.

     "Good,"   then after a Moment she said, "Honey,  I think we got a
little carried away this afternoon.  I think it is a lot of fun to be open and
completely honest with you but it went just a little too far."

     "You mean cause we both got turned on?"

     She just grinned for a moment and then said, "Yes cause we both
got turned on.  That isn't exactly normal honey.  That smacks of incest
and that is a real no no."

     "I never understood that.  I mean with the birth control of today no
one has to worry about making retarded kids.  Wasn't that why incest
was a no no?  I mean the idea turns me on."

     She blushed.  Once again and her nipples stood out hard through
her thin robe.  She sputtered and said, "Mark stop that right now.  Damn
you.  You don't play fair.  Maybe people don't have the old reasons for
avoiding incest but your father would have a cow just over the
conversations we have been having. Let alone anything else."

     Then I realized she had been thinking of the same thing I had, What
would mother son sex be like?  I smiled at her and pulled her into my
arms.  I had just fucked Jenna Thompson three times earlier but my
cock was hard again.  I hugged her close and we both felt my hard cock
press into her again.  She gasped and slid her arms around my neck
hugging me back.  I held her tight for some time and then said,

      "Mom are you naked under your robe."

     She pulled back looking me in the eye.  I had my arms around her
waist and when she leaned back her body pressed harder into my cock.
She looked at me and then said, "Honey turn me loose and go to bed. 
This has to stop."

     I kissed her and turned her loose.  I headed for the stairs and
then stopped and turned and looked at her standing there breathing
heavy.  "Well are you bare ass under your robe?"

     She got this cute look on her face and smiled saying, "I'm not
wearing a stitch except this robe.  Now go to bed."

     Later I heard them at it in their bedroom. I bet it was a nice
surprise for Dad to be waked up to fuck his gorgeous wife.

               * * *

     After that it became a game that I loved.  I wanted to see what I
could get by with my Mom.  Hell the truth is I wanted to fuck my darling
Mom.  I didn't think she would let me do that but I knew we already had
secrets from Dad.  What else would she let me get by with?

     The next night as usual she was home before Dad and was
preparing dinner.  She was peeling potatoes at the sink and I walked up
behind her and slid my arms around her letting my hands rest on her
firm tummy.  I kissed her on the neck at the same time  and said

      "Hi cutey."
     
     She stopped peeling potatoes and kissed the air at me and said,
"Hi yourself cutey.  Have a good day?"

     I rambled about my day as I pressed my growing cock against her
cute ass.  She stiffened in my arms as she felt it and after a second she
said, 

     "Mark, honey.....  "

     I stopped her when I kissed the little hollow on her neck. I knew
most women loved that.  She sucked in her breath and said, 

     "Oh you little shit.  That's not fair."

     I could see her nipples now hard and I cupped a magnificent
breast in each hand.  I squeezed them and they felt so nice.  They were
bigger than any I had ever felt before.  Firm and so nice to play with. 
After seconds of letting me play  with her beauties she snapped out of
her lethargy and pushed my hands away.  She turned and pushed me
back away from her.  Her eyes were afire.  I didn't know if it was anger
of lust,  or some of each.  She just looked at me for a moment and then
ran out of the room to her bedroom.  I heard the door slam and I started
worrying that I had gone too far.

     I went to my room with my tail between my legs.  Would she tell
Dad what I had done?  He would kill me....  Later I heard Dad come
home and when he couldn't find Mom downstairs he opened the door to
their bedroom and walked in closing the door behind him.  In a minute I
heard him come out and walk down the hall toward my bedroom.  I
thought, Oh shit I'm dead.   Instead when he walked in he had this shit
eating grin on his face and he handed me a twenty and said, "Son go
get a burger." and he almost ran back to their bedroom closing the door
behind him.  I waited for a while knowing what was up and sure enough I
heard my Mom scream, "Oh fuck yes .... eat me darling...."

     I walked out the front door wondering who I could take out for a
burger and then a trip to the lake.  Then I knew and headed for her
house.

     Everyone was asleep when I got home so I crawled into bed and
fell asleep thinking about Mom and my older friend Betty, one of my
teachers, who had just taught me about anal sex.

     At breakfast Mom acted like nothing had happened.  She was
singing happily as we all got ready for our day.  I kissed her goodbye as
I left for school and she hugged me real tight like always.

     I thought about it all day Friday.  I was a little afraid that Mom would
be pissed at me if I did anything again so I decided to cool it and made a
date for that night with a new girl,  Cindy, really cute and stacked, who
had just moved into town.
     
     When I got home from school later than usual Mom was there.  I
just called hello and went straight to my room.   I got in the shower and
was back in my room getting ready for my date.  I pulled on my best
jeans, a loose shirt and loafers.  I checked my drawer and pulled out a
three pack of rubbers hoping to use them that night.  I was holding them
in my hand when Mom walked in.  She smiled at me and then saw what
I had in my hand.

     "I gather you have a date tonight."

     "Yeah Mom,  a cute new girl. She just moved here from
California."

      She looked at me in a funny way and then laughed and said,
"Have a good time."  and walked out hurriedly.  It wasn't like her and I
wondered what was going on.  I shook it off as Dad came home and
soon we all sat down for dinner.  

     Mom was very quiet.  Even Dad mentioned it,  She smiled half
hardily and said, "I was thinking about this problem I have."

     Dad leaned over and kissed her lightly and said, "Hon try to leave
the office at the office."

     She glanced over at me but said nothing.

     I went out the door after dinner, avoiding Mom and drove to my
new date.  She was decked out in a really short mini, a cut off t-shirt that
almost showed the lower swell of her breast it was cut so high.  Man she
looked hot and I figured that unless she was a tease we were going to
have a great time.

     I showed her around town, all the different hangouts.  I introduced
her to a lot of other kids,  and the guys looked like they wanted to eat
her. Come to think of it so did I.  We hit it off great,  loved the same
music, same sports.  by the time we stopped at a drive in for a coke she
was sitting in the middle tight against me.
     
     We sipped our cokes and then she leaned over toward the far
door and rolled the window down. As she did I had a great view up the
bottom of her blouse and her skirt at the same time.  She wore no bra
and her tits looked big and firm with nice pink nipples.  She had on a
pair of sheer yellow panties.  Soon she sat back up and turned and
smiled up at me and kissed me briefly.  Then she said,

     "I like you Mark, I think we are going to get along fine."

     I started the car and pulled out of the drive in and turned toward
the lake.  After a minute she said, "I was warned about you Mark.  A
couple of the girls said to watch out for you."

     "Oh really "  as I turned off the highway onto the dirt road that led
to the lake.

     Her eyes twinkled brightly and she snuggled up closer to me.  I
thought I had her figured out as being as horny as I was and I slid my
arm around her back and under her cutoff t-shirt and cupped her bare tit
in my hand.  I rolled it in my hand and pinched her nipple.  She let out a
soft moan and then said, 

     "I was afraid you guys were going to be a lot more shy than
California boys.  I see I was wrong."

     I pulled up to my favorite spot overlooking the lake and stopped.  I
looked down at her beside me and said as I played with her bare tit,  

     "What did the girls say to you about me?"

     "That you would try to fuck me."

     I laughed and asked, "And what did you say?"

     "I told them I hoped so."

     Our lips met and I felt her hand on my hard cock.  She was a hot
one and quickly she was completely nude and had my cock in her
mouth.  I came in her mouth, in her talented cunt, I ate her wet pussy full
of my cum and she went ballistic each time.

     Later she was straddle my lap, my limp cock still in her and she
said, "Hmmm shit Mark. That was great.  Do all of your buddies fuck as
good as you do?"

     I just smiled and said that was something she would have to find
out for herself.  She smiled and said, "I plan too honey but I hope you
call me again soon."

     We sat there and talked and she told me about herself.  Then she
told me about her Mom and surprised me when she said, 

     "My Mom is as horny as I am Mark.  If you ever want to fuck a
mother daughter team call me.  My Mom loves young studs like you."

     The idea got me hard immediately and Cindy noticed it and smiled
as she lay back on the seat and opened up for me again.

     Everyone was asleep  when I got home.  I crashed for some
much needed sleep myself.

          * * *

     When I awoke the next morning it was late. That's OK it was
Saturday.  Dad would be working in the yard before he left to play golf all
afternoon.  I pulled on just some jeans.shorts.   I sleep nude so that was
all I had on when I walked into the kitchen.  Mom was there sitting at the
table drinking coffee in her silk robe.  I wondered if she had anything on
under it and caught myself thinking, behave, she is pissed at you
already.

     I poured me some coffee,  refilled her cup and sat down beside her. 
She looked at me and then looked away.  Then without looking back at
me said,

     "Did you have a good time last night?"

     "Mom.."

     "Well did you?  Did you fuck the new girl in town?  Was she a
good piece of ass?"

     I wasn't sure what was going on and I reached over and laid my
hand on top of hers and squeezed it and she looked at me.  There were
tears in her eyes.  It killed me to see her like this.  I said softly,

     "What's wrong Mom?  God I'm sorry... is this about what I did with
you the other afternoon?  I didn't mean to piss you off it's just that I love
you and you are the sexiest thing in the world.  I'm sorry if I got out of
line Mom I thought you were having fun with the game too."

     She looked at me long and hard and said so soft I barely heard
her, "I was....  I loved it.  All of it."

     She smiled a small embarrassed smile and squeezed my hand. 
Then she said, "I hate that little bitch you were with last night."

     That surprised me, but I didn't have time to say anything before
she continued. "I hate her cause she did what I want to do.  Oh shit
Mark, I must be crazy."  and she started crying again softly.

     I stood up and pulled her into my arms and held her close as she
quietly cried on my shoulder.  Now I was trying my best to be loving and
tender and sensitive with my Mom. I really love her and hated seeing her
cry.  But there was another part of me that felt her nice full tits against
my chest.   Felt her firm loins against my awakening cock.  Felt her soft
ass under my hand as I rubbed up and down her back going a little
lower each time until I cupped the cute cheeks of her ass.

     I pulled her harder into me and she offered no resistance.  Then I
kissed her cheek, then her nose.  She raised her lips and opened them
as my mouth met hers.  Our tongues played and played.  I couldn't help
myself and I started to slowly hunch my cock against her.  She soon
began hunching to meet my cock through my jeans and her thin robe
and she was gasping for breath she was so hot.

     I broke the kiss as we heard a noise at the back door.  She looked
shocked and pulled away and whispered,  "It's your Dad."  She looked at
my cock standing out hard and said, "Go to your room honey.  Quickly."

     I ran up the stairs then froze at the top as I heard my Dad say.
"Got any  more coffee sweetheart." 

      Mom replied, "I think so handsome." 

      Was I the only one to notice how husky her voice was? No, my Dad
did too and  said, "Are you catching a cold hon,  Your voice sounds
funny and you seem flushed.  Maybe I better cancel my golf game this
afternoon."

     "No Charlie, that's sweet of you but I'll be fine.  Mark is here if I
need anything."

     "If you're sure I better get showered and on my way. The guys are
expecting me."

     "Go hon."

     I moved into my room as he headed my way.  He stuck his head
in my room and said, "Mark old buddy, your Mom may be coming down
with something, can you hang around here while I golf in case she needs
something?"

     I said, "Sure Dad.  Don't worry I will take care of our girl."

     He winked and said, "Good man. I'll be home by six. Then you can
go chase your girls."

     It wasn't long until I heard the front door close and his car pull out
of the drive.  My heart was beating a mile a minute as I tried to decide
what to do.  I knew my Mom wanted me as much as I wanted her. After
a minute I stood up to go find her.  Her bedroom door was open and I
looked in.  She was standing at the front window looking out.  She was
so damn desirable.  I walked up behind her silently and wrapped her in
my arms.  She leaned back against me and said,

     "Hi baby."

     "You OK Mom?"

     "No."

     "What can I do?"

     "Honey, if you do what I want you to, then I really have a
problem."

     "Mom, I can't help it I want you so bad.  I want to do everything
with you.  Over and over and over..."

     My cock was hard again and lay along the crack of her darling
ass.  She pushed back into it gently.  I  cupped her full breasts again
and she only sighed.  I kissed her ear and whispered, 

     "I want to fuck you my sweet lady."

     She gasped and pushed back harder into me.  I unbuttoned her
robe and slipped my hands inside onto her bare tits.  They more than
filled my hands.  I whispered. "I want to eat your pussy and fuck your
mouth and fuck you and fuck you and fuck you."

     She groaned something like, "hmm yesssss my baby."

     I pulled her robe off of her shoulders and let it drop to the floor.  I
ran one hand down to her love nest and found her wet slit.  She shifted
one leg to give me more room as I played with her cunt and her erect
clit.  She was fucking my hand in response.  Then I felt her hand
between us as it wrapped around my cock.  I heard her softly say, 

     "I want this so bad my darling."

     She expertly unsnapped and unzipped my shorts and she pushed
them to the floor.  She caught my hard cock and led me to her bed.  She
sat on the edge and pulled my body against her.  Then I felt her hot wet
mouth slide over the head of my cock.   She sucked me and bobbed her
head up and down on my cock.  I was in nirvana.  Soon she pulled her
head up and slid back on the bed laying on her back.  She looked up
and said in a whisper.

     "Fuck me please baby."

     She was as tight as any of the teen pussies I had enjoyed but she
was a hell of a lot better.  Some of the things she did drove me insane.
Her cunt was well trained and she squeezed my cock and milked it
somehow like I had never dreamed of.    I felt her stiffen and buck like a
bronco as she came.  I never slowed and soon again she came and
then it was as if she came continuously as I fucked her as hard and
deep as I could.  Then I lost it and flooded her sweet wonderful
unbelievable cunt.

     We fell in a heap and lay there panting trying to get our breathe. 
After a bit she said, "Shit Mark, no fucking wonder all the girls let you
fuck them.  That was great honey."

     I kissed her lips and pinched a nipple gently.  To my amazement
she kissed me hard and her hand found my limp cock.  She stroked it
lovingly and said, "I want it again baby.  God I want to cum more with
you."

     I knew it was going to be a little while so I slid down and sucked
on her nipples, then south more to her sensitive tummy at the edge of
her pubic hair, then I found my target as my mouth found her labia, her
swollen clit, her juicy cunt.  She groaned loudly and pulled my head into
her pussy as she fucked against my face.  I shoved a finger up her tight
ass hole and she screamed and came the first of many.  I knew I wasn't
going to stop until she pushed me away.  She came and came and
came as I ate her and finger fucked her asshole.  I kept at her and she
screamed like a banshee and passed out.

     Truthfully it scared the shit out of me and I moved up to her head
and called,       "Mom... Mom... Oh shit I've killed her."

     Then her eyes opened and she grinned big as she said, "I'm not
quite dead lover but you damn near fucked me to death with your mouth.
Oh baby that was wonderful."

     I lay beside her relieved that she wasn't dead.  How do you explain
that you fucked your Mom to death.  Would that be justifiable homicide?

     I glanced at the clock,  It read 2:00 p.m.  Four of five more hours
until my Dad would be home.  I sat up and looked down at my gorgeous
if well fucked mother spread open on the bed.  He lips were red and
swollen,  her eyes were a little puffy,  her nipples were red and looked
like they had been sucked and chewed on.  Her pussy was wet and
matted with my cum.  Her labia was still swollen and open like a flower. 
My eyes returned to hers and I said, "You are so beautiful."

     She touched my cheek with her hand and said, 

     "Baby, we have a problem."

     "What problem,  it was so great Mom.  All those teen pussies are
toys compared to you.  You are just as tight, you taste better, you fuck
better. You suck cock better.  I just want to fuck you forever."

     "I feel the same way honey.  You are some great lover.  I adored
your cock and your tongue.  That's the problem.  I really do love your
Dad, and he is a great lover too.  I'm not sure how to deal with both of
you."

     I ran my hand up the smooth skin of her inner thigh.  She shivered
and I said, "Have you ever cheated on Dad before."

     She looked in my eyes as if looking for disapproval and finding
none said, "A few times."

     "How did you handle those?"

     She realized I was trying to solve our problem not be critical and
she replied.   "Well honey  they were, and still are,  different.  They have
been like once a month kind of things for a little extra fun.  They have
never interfered because I worked them in around your father's
schedule."

     I caught her message and said, "You've done this a long time?"
     
     She just nodded.
     
     "Still are?"

     "Yes baby,  still."

     "Who?"

     She hesitated, not wanting to reveal names.  But after a pause
she said, "OK my love, I will hide nothing from you. I hope you can deal
with it.  The latest is Bob Bradley."     

     Bob Bradley is my Dad's business partner.  My Mom's best friend's
husband. Helen Bradley and my Mom had known each other for years. 
Helen was in and out of our house like she lived here.  Helen was a real
fox.  She and Mom could have been twins, at least in their bodies. Mom
was fucking her husband. She could see I was surprised.  I sat there
reeling as I absorbed it all.  Then I smiled.

     She let out a breath of air in relief, "Can you deal with it? Please
don't be angry.  It just sort of sneaked up on both of us.  Your Dad was
on a trip, you were at camp, Helen was at her mothers.  Bob and I had
dinner and wine and we got pretty loose and it just happened.  It was
fun, good sex and no one wanted any more than that. We get together
when it is convenient and no one gets hurt.  After I am with Bob, your
Dad gets more and better sex than ever.  So does Helen."

     "I can deal with it Mom.  In fact I think it is kind of cool. There is
one thing...."

     "What honey?"

     "I want to watch you with him?"

     "You're kidding?"

     "Nope,  could I?  Man that would be so hot.  Then after he left can
you imagine what I would do to you?"

     She grinned and then said, "I always wanted to do that."

     Her hand wrapped around my hard cock and she swallowed it. 
Deep throat city.  I was fighting to keep from cumming immediately and
then she started humming as her finger found my ass hole.  I let go and
she didn't miss a drop.  When she had finished she looked up and
grinned, saying,

      "We are going to have so much fun.."

     "When are you going to see Bob again?"

     "Nothing is that set honey.  Your Dad is going out of town next
week.  I'm sure Bob would be happy to come over anytime."

     "I bet he would."

     We both giggled and decided we better get showered and decent
before Dad got home.

     It was a weird night.  Sitting around thinking over all the new things. 
I had fucked my Mom,  I learned Mom fucked around quite a bit and
currently was having an affair with my Dad's business partner,  her
best friends husband.  And I was going to hide and watch them go at it
soon.

     When it was time we all went up to bed and I heard my Mom
groaning as she fucked my Dad silly.

               * * *

     I had been so involved that I had forgotten spring break started
the next day.   I realized I would be home with all kinds of time.  I guess
Mom forgot it too cause she came in and woke me early the next
morning to go to school.   She had on her robe and Dad was in the
shower.  I rolled over and looked up at her and slid my hand up under
her robe onto her sweet pussy.  She smiled and leaned down and kissed
me and spread her legs for my hand.  Breaking the kiss I said as I toyed
with her clit and she closed her eyes and loved it.

     "Mom, I'm out of school for the next two weeks."

     She looked at me and her eyes opened excitedly, "Oh honey. 
Maybe I can call in and take vacation with you."

     "Could you?"

     I was rubbing her clit rapidly and she said, "Honey,  oh shit, gonna
cum..." and she did.  I listened for the shower and it continued as my
Mom slowly recovered.  She stood up and said, "I will get your Dad off to
work and then I will call in and sign out for the two weeks.  We are going
to have fun. You are such a fun nasty boy."

     Thirty minutes later she woke me again as she crawled into my
bed, as nude as I was.  "We have two whole weeks baby.  I wonder
what all we can do in that time."

     Well it turned out to be a lot.

               * * *

     It was Tuesday morning and we were in my bed fucking again.  We
had spent all day the previous day in bed fucking and talking.   Mom
told me stories of her sex life from high school until the present.  I was
impressed and proud of my sexy Mom.

     Later over lunch Mom said, "Honey your Dad is leaving tomorrow,
gone Wednesday Thursday and Friday,  He will be back late Friday. 
Would you like for me to call Bob and have him over tomorrow night."

     I guess my smile said it all and she laughed,

     "Of course you do."

     She picked up the phone and dialed his personal number.  He
answered and I heard her say,

      "Hi, ready to play?"

     "Yes my sweety is going to be gone for a couple of days.  Can
you come over tomorrow night.  I will make sure Mark is busy."  and she
winked at me.

     "That will work, have dinner with Helen than get your butt over
here. I will be waiting. It's been a while since Charlie has been out of
town."

     She hung up and looked at me for a long time.  "Are you sure you
can handle this.  Watching Bob fuck me?"

     I just grinned and nodded. I was getting hard again when the
phone rang.  I heard Mom say, 

     "Hi Helen"

     "Yeah I'm taking a few days off to be with my son during spring
break.  He is growing up so fast."

     "Why thank you Helen, I think he is pretty cute too.  But that is
causing me some problems too."

     "Lunch, I tell you what, why don't you have lunch with Mark and
me.  Come over say at 11:30,  I'll have something interesting for the
three of us.  And Helen while you are here I need to talk to you about
something very personal. I have been having these really strange urges
lately.  I need to talk about it with someone I can trust ... I need your
pledge of secrecy and  your advice dear."

     After she hung up I looked at her wondering why.  It was like she
read my mind and she said, "Honey we can't fuck all the time.  Helen is
fun and to tell you the truth I find it fun to be with her when I know I will
be fucking her husband again soon."

     I grinned and liked that idea myself.  Then I asked, "What is it that
you want to talk to Helen about?"

     "You will find out soon enough.  When I send you to the store I
want you to come back and listen but don't let Helen know you are
back."    Then she got this funny look on her face and she said, "Honey
what do you think of Helen?"

     "Oh I don't know, she has a great body,  real cute.   Never
thought too much about her.  Why?"

     "I guess I'm kinkier than I thought Mark, I was wondering what it
would be like to watch you with Helen. Since you are going to watch me
with her husband."

     "Me,  you mean like sex with Helen?  Hell, I don't think I would
mind that at all.  Are you telling me she is available?"

     "Honey, we are all available at the right time and place and guy. 
From what she has told me,   and from what her husband tells me she is
very hot for guys.  Oh and she said she thinks you are a stud."

     Mom got up then and started to get things ready for Helen.  When
she had lunch started we showered and she slipped on a thin dress that
showed off her charms nicely.  As directed I put on a pair of old cut off
jeans with nothing else.  I looked in the mirror and my cock was clearly
outlined through the soft material. The crown of my cock was obvious.

     When Helen arrived I loved the way she looked me over.  Then
she blushed as she looked at my cock through the jeans. She turned to
Mom and sputtered and then said, "What was it you wanted to talk to me
about hon?"

     Mom said to me, "Mark honey, I need some salad dressing from
the store. Would you go get some please." and she winked at me.

     "Sure Mom, I'll be back in a little while."

     She stood up and gave me a full body hug and a kiss on the lips
and then I was out the door.  I went around to the front and slipped in
and moved so I could hear what Mom was about to say.

     Helen said, "OK give Carol."

     I could see Mom and Helen from the side view and I watched and
listened intently.

     "Helen,  what I have to say may shock you.  I think we may be a
lot alike.  I adore sex and I think you may too, am I right."

     "You are honey.  I do love it,  so?"

     "I mean,  I have strayed a few times and I assume you have too,
Right?"

     I could see the smile on Helen's face and she said,  "I've heard
rumors that you like to sample other guys from time to time.   Me too
hon.  I'm glad to know it's not just a rumor with you. Maybe we can
compare notes sometime."

     "That sounds interesting Helen but my problem is beyond that."

     "You aren't pregnant are you?"

     "No, nothing like that.  It's my hunk of a son.  The kid you said
was a stud.  Mark is my problem."

     "He is a young stud,  kids like him are tempting."

     "Helen I saw the way you looked at his cock outlined through his
jeans."

     Helen blushed and then laughed,  "Busted,  OK I couldn't kelp
notice."

     "I know, I can't either and that's my  problem."

     "God Carol, you're lusting after your own son.  I guess I can't
blame you.  If I had that around the house all the time I think I would
too."

     "Shit Helen, just talking about it is turning me on again."

     "Yeah me too baby.   Tell me is he a virgin still?"

     "Not even close.  The girls are all over him.  He gets laid more
than Charles and Bob do put together."  They both laughed at that and
then Helen said,

     "How do you know about Mark?"

      "He tells me."     

     "Oh no,  that is sexy Carol.   That would drive me crazy,  crazy
hot."

     "I know it does."

     "So what are you going to do?"

     "I've already done it.  That's what I needed to tell you.  Tell
someone I could trust to not repeat it.  I fucked my son."

     I watched closely as Helen sat there silent for a while.  I noticed
she was flushed.  Then she said softly, "You fucked Mark.  Oh god baby.
You really did it?  I have fantasized about stuff like that.  About incest. 
How was he?"

     "Unbelievably good.  The little bastard makes me cum twice as
much as Charlie, or any other guy lately.  He eats me until I have to
shove him away.  And he is always ready.  Honey I took off work to be
with him so we could fuck for the next two weeks.  Helen he is the best I
have ever had at everything."

     Helen sat there stunned.  Her nipples showed clearly through her
dress as they stood up so hard and erect.  Then Mom said, "Have you
ever fucked a young guy like Mark?"

     Helen flushed brighter as she said, "Just once.  Several years
ago.  It was our paper boy.  He came to collect one morning when I was
home alone and horny.  Boy did he collect.  He was good but nothing to
compare with Mark from what I hear you say."

     "Helen, you are my best friend right?"

     "Now you know my darkest secret .....almost."

     "Almost, what else is there Carol, what else have you done?"

     "It's not what I have done Helen. It's what I want you to do."

     Helen looked into Mom's eyes like she was trying to read her
mind.  Then Mom said, 

     "I want you to fuck Mark too."

     I almost shit as I heard Mom say that. I already had a hard on and
now it hurt it was so hard.

     "Me...  god Carol...  why?"

     "Because you will love it, I want to see it and I know Mark wants
you."

     "Mark wants to fuck me?  I am flattered.  Damn Carol you have
me so damn hot with your stories.  It's a good thing your young stud isn't
here right now.  I would be tempted."

     Just then I walked in.  Mom smiled up at me and nodded her
approval   I stood in beside them so the three of us made a small circle. 
Mom unsnapped the top of my shorts and I thought Helen's eyes were
going to pop out as Mom lowered my zipper.  She reached in and pulled
my hard cock out and said, "Helen darling, you have to try this. I will
explain more later, I need you to help me with Mark. I need you to fuck
him."

     Mom's hands slowly unbuttoned Helen's dress.  It wasn't long until
Helen lay nude on Mom's bed and as Mom talked to her telling her how
much she would love my cock, I eased it slowly deeper and deeper into
Helen's tight cunt.  She was as hot as Mom and Helen came just as hard
and as frequently.  Then to my surprise Mom leaned over and sucked on
Helen's nipple, then kissed her lips deeply and Helen returned.  It was so
damn hot.

     Later I ate Helen like I had Mom and she loved it just as much.   I
finally rolled off on Helen and my Mom kissed me hard with a lot of
tongue.  She licked my face and seemed to enjoy Helen's taste on my
face.  I looked at her and smiled and said, "Mom do you go both ways?"

     She smiled and nodded.  "You OK with that?"

     "Oh yeah Mom."  then I said to Helen,  "Darlin I'm shot but Mom
needs a little help."

     She smiled and rolled over and started licking my Mom's juicy
cunt.

     Later we all showered and Helen said, "Honey, you can come play
at my house anytime you want to.  I mean it baby.  You can fuck me any
time any way.  I love the way you fuck my young love, just like your
Mom does."

     Mom laughed and said, "Wonderful. I needed your help Helen. 
I'm afraid I can't handle Charlie and Mark and a couple of other current
friends as much as Mark wants to fuck.  seems to love older pussy so
thank you for helping."

     We all laughed and started to get dressed.  I noticed the time and
that Bob Bradley,  Helen's husband,  would be over soon.  I told Mom it
was getting late and she understood.

               * * *

     I was in my room when the doorbell rang.  My Mom winked at me
as she headed for the door dressed in nothing but a sexy teddy and
slippers.  My cock was hard from just looking at her.  They moved
straight to the bedroom and I moved to my spot.  The bedroom door was
open just a slit, but plenty for me to see the whole room without being
seen.

      I learned my Mom was a fucking wildcat.  She sucked his cock until
he came in her mouth and she drained him swallowing every drop.  He
ate her and she was even noisier than I remembered and I wondered if it
was for my benefit.  Soon they were fucking hard. They switched from
missionary position to on their sides, to dog fashion.  I had to admit Bob
was fucking my Mom good.  I picked up a couple of ideas for later Then
they exploded and crumpled to the sheets like a limp dishrag.  I heard
Bob say, "My god Carol, you were hotter than ever tonight."

     She sighed loudly, "I guess something got into me.  Thank you for
a lovely evening. It was lovely Bob.  I will call you again next time your
partner goes out of town."

     Later she giggled as she told me the "something" she was
thinking about was me.

     She escorted him to the door nude and when she returned I was
waiting, bare ass with a hard on.

     "Don't you want me to shower baby, I'm pretty messy?"

.    I shook my head and held out my arms to her. She straddled my
cock and her pussy felt hot and unusually slippery as I fucked her pussy
full of Bob's cum.

     After we showered we cuddled in bed.  She looked at me for a
long time and then said, "Do you think I am a slut?"

     I kissed her full soft lips tenderly and said, "Mom I adore you. 
More now than yesterday or last week.  I have learned that you are
promiscuous as they call it in school.  To me that means you like to fuck
and like some variety.  I like that a lot Mom.  You are so cool and
smooth and perfect.  Others who know you think you are so proper and
all.  I love knowing the real you, that you fuck around with Bob, and
Helen and me... especially me.  I was dying to fuck you.  Now that I
have I want to forever.  And like I said, I love you even more.  But to
answer your question, yes you are a fucking slut Mom."

     We both broke up over that and held each other close as we
laughed. Then she said softly, "I am happy to be your slut.baby."

     And she cuddled closer as we drifted off to sleep after a very busy
day.

     The next morning the phone rang.  It was Dad checking in.  Most
men call at night, Dad always calls each morning.  Says he needs to talk
to Mom to start his day.  They talked and it was pretty damned sexy. 
Then she said, "Charlie I love you so much. When you get back I going
to fuck your head off.  Bye darling."

     She put the phone down and lay back on her back beside me
obviously thinking.  After a little while she said, "Mark, I wonder why I
never feel the least bit guilty about cheating on your Dad?  I love him as
much as any woman could ever love a man.  No one is more perfect for
me.  Yet I can't seem to not fuck around on him behind his back.  And to
tell you a secret I like cheating on him. It thrills the shit out of me baby to
fuck someone without him having a clue..  I'm so weird?"

     I rolled over and kissed her softly.  Then I asked, "Do you
suppose Dad cheats too?"

     "I hope so Mark.  I hope he gets lots of great pussy whenever he
wants it.  I suppose he does.  He is handsome, virile as hell and a great
fuck."

     I laughed as I thought, "Wouldn't it be funny if he was fucking
Helen?"

     Mom squealed with pleasure, "That would be wonderful.  Helen is
obviously a great fuck, she is with me and from what I watched you two
do she was with you too."

     "Yeah Mom, she is almost as good as you."

     "Thank you sir, you may be biased."

     "Not about something as important as pussy Mom. You are the
best I have ever had.  But there is one thing I haven't tried."

     She smiled at me her eyes twinkling. Then she said, "You want
to?"

     "Yes,."

     "It's lovely baby.  I love it when your Dad fucks me there. He is
the only one who ever has.  Shall we keep it just in the family?"

     She rolled over to the bedside table and returned with a large tube
of KY.  I was hard as hell.  She squeezed a large amount into her hand
and started covering my cock with it  jacking me off a little for fun as she
did. She said, "I love this baby, but you have to go really slow.  First you
will need to put a lot of this on my asshole.  Finger fuck me with one
finger and when I open up a little then two,  twist them and try to gently
stretch me for your cock.  Lubricate me real good honey.  My pussy is
dripping just thinking about this.  Please fuck your cock in my ass slowly. 
When you are all the way in let it rest for a little while I stretch to
accommodate you. I will tell you when. After that honey you can do
anything you like.  I love to be fucked back there hard and deep and
fast.  I think you will love it too baby, your Dad does."

     Then she moved onto her hands and her knees.  I started to apply
KY and she sucked in her breath.  I thought I was pleasing her but it was
the cold KY on her asshole she told me later.  I learned to warm it first
after that.  

     I proceeded slowly as she had instructed.  It all went exactly as
she said and my cock was all the way in her asshole and I heard her
gasping, "Oh yes hon... feels so good sweetheart....just a minute now ...
oh god you are stretching me... I love this so much....  OK now darling. 
Now I'm ready for anything you can throw at me.  Do me hard baby, so
hard."  and she lay her head down on the pillow her ass up in the air full
of my cock.  I had my hands full of her big firm tits using them to hang
on to as I fucked in and out.

     And I did it. It was so tight, so smooth. I loved her ass hole and
knew I would be back.  She came as often as when I fucked her cunt or
ate her pussy.  Then I blasted and she screamed."

     We collapsed and just lay there as my cock went limp in her ass. 
It pulled out and her round ass cheeks still loved on it. I rolled over and
sighed, "Oh shit Mom, that was unbelievable. Everything is unbelievably
good with you.

     We called Helen the next morning and she was eager to join us
again.  This time I asked them to do the girl stuff for me while I watched. 
They were a little hesitant but soon were into it heavy forgetting me.

     I fucked them both after that.  Mom went down to fix lunch leaving
Helen and I in bed.  I looked at her and said, "My Mom really likes you
Helen.  I guess you're good enough friends to make that love."

     "I love your Mom too.  Physically now too."

     We both smiled and then I said, "Mom said something real
interesting last night after we had fucked for about the umteenth time. 
She started talking about Dad and she said she hoped Dad was getting
laid as much as she was.  Then she said it.  Said she wished he were
fucking you.  That you would be great for Dad as a sometimes lover."

     "She said that Mark?  Really?"
     
     "Yes, I don't think she meant for me to tell you."

     "How does the idea of your Dad and I grab you honey?  Would
you mind if we were?"

     "God no Helen. I love Dad too.  I know how great you are in bed. 
I think it would be too cool if Dad were fucking you too. I wish he was. 
So does Mom."

     She looked at me real strange for a moment and then kissed me
and said softly, "He is honey."

     "No shit Helen?"

     "No shit Mark.  Has been for about a year.  It just happened. I
was always attracted to your Dad, then one night we were working on a
political campaign. No one else was there with us and we just seemed to
merge and then we were on a couch in the back fucking like bunnies. 
Your Dad is good like you."

     "Can we tell Mom. I know she will love it.  But I have to tell you
something too Helen."

     "You going to tell me that Carol and Bob do it too, hell honey I
know that.  I've known that for a long time. I love it.  Wouldn't want them
to quit for the world.  It is good for all of us.  But the guys can never
know.  Men are funny like that.  Well at least some men."

     We pulled on a couple of robes and went down to lunch and an
interesting conversation with my Mom.

     Mom almost choked on her food when I told her.   She recovered
and looked at Helen with this "Oh Shit" look  then it turned into a big
smile and they hugged for a long time.  Mom agreed they should never
learn the secrets we knew.

     So that's how I started fucking my Mom's best friend with her
approval.  I have decided to stay at home and go to college at a local
school.  No one in their right mind would leave what I have right here at
home.

          the end

     















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....