
                              M+/m+/F, NC?, VOYEUR

                          The Light in Mother's Window
                                    Part One

                                by P. D. Michael
                               pdmm@interlog.com

      We were horny young guys just past the cusp of puberty. It was summer
holidays and we were allowed to stay out far past the falling of darkness. It
was the late forties and kids were safe in the streets, even in a working class
neighborhood like ours.

      Women on our street all stayed home keeping house and raising their
broods while their husbands worked twelve-hour days to make a living. The heat
of July baked the houses during the day and kept the screened windows wide open
all night to attract the slightest breeze.

      Throughout the hot months, the young wives wore shorts, modest halters
and colorful bandannas that kept the hair up off their necks. We were at an age
where we knew which halters held the nicest tits and which shorts were snug
enough to make us giddy. They were in the houses that we came back to each
night, prowling quietly out of sight near the lighted windows. Occasionally, we
would catch a glimpse of someone we admired getting into the bath. Usually, it
didn't matter who we saw. The thrill was in spying on someone naked, violating
their privacy without them knowing. After, we'd nearly bust a gut trying to
suppress our laughter at being so bold and outrageous.

      By 10.30 the younger crowd was off the streets and the older guys hung
out beneath the street lights. They smoked and talked quietly while the moths
buzzed around the bare bulb. They were a lot tougher than us and we treated
them with great deference. Envious of their privileges, and anxious to prove
ourselves, we emulated everything about them.

      One night, when the air was particularly muggy, I lay awake on top of the
oppressive blankets and listened to the sounds of the summer night. From far
down on the road I could hear the muted voices of Tom Dory and his friends
swapping lies and trading laughs as they did most every night. I wanted badly
to be old enough to join them but I knew they didn't give me the time of day.
The window sill brought me a little closer to the voices and I strained to hear
what was being said. Since I wouldn't be welcome in the group, eavesdropping
seemed to offer the next best thing. The screen was loose and the urge to sneak
up on them proved overwhelming.

      Beneath my bare feet the dew soaked lawn felt foreign and exotic licking
between my toes. I crept to the corner of the house and peered down onto the
street below. The rendezvous was empty and the voices gone. Then, from the back
of our garage, there was a muffled sound like someone stumbling followed by the
hiss of hushing as others cautioned for silence. Terrified, I crouched near the
stoop where my mother stood to hang out the clothes.

      Four shadowy figures made their way over to near where I was hidden. Tom
Dory was the only one I recognized. The others listened as he told them where
the window was. He had obviously been there before and I was stunned to realize
they were there to spy on my mother. Tom bragged about how much he had seen of
her, describing her body in graphic detail. He knew her habits better than I
did. When he began to tell them how he'd watched her playing with herself I
knew that I should rise and defend her honor, but I didn't. Instead, I listened
to his description and got hard.

      The moment they disappeared around the corner of the house I popped out
from under the stoop and went around the other way. There was a shed near her
bedroom window and a place where I could watch unseen. Tom and his friends were
already buried in the shadows near the window and had no idea I was even there.

      What surprised me was that the blind was wide open just as Tom had said
it would be. The light on the bedside table filled the room with light. My
mother was propped up with pillows reading a book and sipping from a glass of
soda. She was wearing lipstick and I could see that her cheeks were lightly
rouged. That struck me as strange because she hadn't been wearing makeup when I
had said goodnight.

      As if on cue, she suddenly marked her page and put her book down. She
took a long pull at her soft drink and got up off the bed. In spite of the
heat, she had changed out of her shorts and was wearing a dress.

      The buttons down the back were hard to reach and her breasts pressed out
against the material as she reached back to undo them. From where she was
standing at the bottom of the bed, it was less than ten feet to where Tom and
his friends were watching. She faced the window squarely.

      The thin straps of the summer dress slipped down her arms letting the
bodice fall away. There was no bra to delay her tits from tumbling into view.
Not overly large, but well shaped, they were crowned with brownish nipples that
swelled out like plump acorns.

      She gathered the skirt in her hands and inched it up until it was above
her waist. As if uncertain what to do next, she strolled back and forth in
front of the window affording an unobstructed view of her prancing ass clad
only in sexy underwear. The pale skin above her stockings made the black silk
panties seem even darker. Garters stretched out of the leg holes and held the
stockings up. Wisps of cunt hair poked out of the same holes, in a preview of
what was to come.

      She sat down to take the dress off. Her legs angled off the end of the
bed and stretched toward the window. The edge of the mattress propped up her
behind. The panties stretched tight across her flat stomach and her breasts
jiggled like rounded scoops of jello. Her thighs rolled apart and her panties
molded tightly against her mound outlining every detail in black silk. She was
moist and the shiny fabric clung to every contour. She ran her finger along the
rift pushing the material inside until the lips were clearly embossed in the
underwear. Only then did she inch them down, unveiling an unruly auburn thatch
that grew copiously on the swell of her mound. I had seen it before when she
changed into a bathing suit in the family car but that was only a glimpse. This
time she was purposely posed, happily displaying her treasure for all to see.

      Around the opening, the hair was already drenched and lay flat. The lips
stood out prominently and glistened with her lubricant. The vulva appeared
slack and retreating, letting the inner lips pout like a blossom ready to
burst. Her fingers brushed along the petals urging them to part. She found her
clit floating in a sea of juice and moved it back and forth with her fingertip.
Her hips pulsed to the rhythm of her finger. I could have sworn that she was
looking right at Tom and his friends as she gazed out the window. She even
smiled as she repeatedly touched the tip of her finger to her tongue,
sensuously transferring the moisture to her clit. From where they watched every
fold of moist pink flesh was visible to them.

      A noise from the street stopped her momentarily while she listened. It
was my father coming home. Quickly she stripped off the stockings and garter
belt and pushed them under the bed with the dress. She lay back on the pillows
and focused on her book.

      As an afterthought, she got up and lowered the blind two thirds before
returning to the bed.

      He seemed quite pleased to find her naked. She was affectionate and
cooperative when he touched her. They made love on top of the covers and we
watched and listened to her writhe on his cock and pant like she couldn't get
her breath. She came twice in rapid succession, throwing her cunt against him
and begging him "to fuck her."

      When he laid his head on the pillow she straddled him facing his feet and
looking toward the window. Knees splayed wide, she nestled her pussy onto his
waiting mouth. She had a feline quality about her as she contentedly rocked her
genitals against his dancing tongue. There was a look of ecstasy on her face
and she smiled and winked knowingly at the window. We couldn't hear what he
said but she smiled again and lowered her head to attend his neglected prick.

      It was like a gourmet feast the way she bathed it with her tongue,
nibbling hungrily at the head and slurping noisily along the stalk. His balls
looked like kiwi fruit in the palm of her graceful hand. She licked them
unhurriedly, wantonly grinding her pelvis in a prelude to yet another orgasm.
Her tongue criss crossed the plum shaped head of his cock making it twitch in
anticipation. With ovalled lips she captured it, hollowing her cheeks and
drawing hard, stroking the shaft with tantalizing fingers. Each time her head
dipped, she took more of him into her mouth until her lips brushed his pubic
hair on every downward plunge. I was amazed at how much cock should could
actually take in her mouth. His hands had left her thighs and now framed the
sides of her face. With powerful strokes he arched up to meet the descending
slide of her ravenous mouth. Every muscle in his body tensed. A deep groan
announced his climax. Her indented cheeks puffed outwards and she dutifully
swallowed his come.

      He was exhausted, but she wasn't ready to quit. She held his tortured
cock in her hands and watched it shrink like a demon conquered. Her ass still
moved over his face demanding to be licked. The tip of her tongue plucked the
last drop of semen from its tiny opening and spread it sensuously on her
smiling lips. She was coming again almost instantly.

      A few nights later, my Dad caught Tommy Dory peeking in her window. There
was hell to pay and the whole street knew about it. Few could resist a few
snickering jokes about "peeping Tom." But, aside from Tommy's disgrace, the
main message in the neighborhood was that my mother didn't pull her blinds.

      Curfew came earlier for the rest of the summer, and even the older guys
didn't congregate beneath the streetlight any more. Still, the loose screen on
my bedroom window got a workout almost every night. I prowled the neighborhood
shadows with my friends until the last light was extinguished. Whereas before
there had been only the occasional titillating sight, now there were a few more
blinds carelessly agape. We found a favorite on a neighboring street and
watched almost nightly as she entertained men in her bedroom. Her husband was a
cop and worked nights walking a beat downtown.

      Our house was the last one at the end the road, up on a bit of a hill and
backing on to a maple wood lot. Coming home from our nightly excursions, we
always approached by one of the many paths through the trees. My mother's
blinds were always open and quite often there would be someone there watching.
One muggy night we were already there behind the shed when two shadowy figures
crept along the side of the house. They nestled back against the bushes close
to where we were hidden. In the dim reflected light from the window we could
clearly see that it was Ray and Muriel, Tommy's mother and dad. Inside the
house, my mother was trying on clothes. She wore no underwear and wriggling
into the garments let her move her tits and ass in a very provocative way. Ray
and Muriel stood nestled together like spoons with him wrapping her in his arms
from behind. She wore the shorts and halter that was de riguer for such sultry
nights and Ray wasted no time in baring her trembling tits. She was bigger
there than my mom and I heard her whisper that fact to her husband. Ray's hand
was already in the front of her shorts and she had to undo the button to keep
it from popping. Her own hand had found the stiff cylinder in Ray's pants and
they frigged each other while watching my mother sway naked in front of her
mirror. They were close enough to us that we could smell Muriel's musk as Ray
pulled down her shorts. We were enthralled to hear the lubricious click of his
fingers as they slid in and out of her.

      The scene through the window had moved to the bed and my mother's fingers
stroked sensuously between her legs. Muriel's panties lay on the grass and Ray
had replaced his fingers with the real thing. Muriel talked dirtier as she got
more excited. She marveled at the thick hair on my mother's cunt and we grinned
to hear her say the word so clearly. The notion of sucking my mother's pussy
was whispered to her by Ray and she almost swooned at the thought. On the bed
my mother was coming again and her belly convulsed with self adulating
pleasure. It was too much for Ray and Muriel and they came right along with
her.

      Behind the shed we held our breath and squeezed our pricks, terrified
that discovery, after what we had seen, would be calamitous. That night, was
enough to cause weak eyes, warts and hairy palms, if ever it was going to
happen. Our imaginations filled in the blanks and let us conjure thoughts of
Muriel's mouth licking between my mother's legs. We'd heard her say she'd do
it, wanted it, even craved it.

      Each time we saw her in church dressed in Sunday best and ovalling her
lips to sing, we thought of her rounded ass pumping against Ray. The image of
her getting frigged and fucked, lusting for the taste of another woman's cunt,
gave substance to our pubescent fantasies. My mother never did learn to pull
the blinds, but then I never thought she would. Her greatest joy was being
watched from the darkness and not knowing who was hidden out there.


                          The Light in Mother's Window
                                by P. D. Michael
                                     Part 2

      My Dad was a street car driver and worked all different shifts. His
schedule was often upside down where he slept all day and worked all night. The
one he hated most was 6 p.m. to 2 am. It meant that he left for work about 4.30
and got back home after 3.

      He'd been tense about being away in the evening ever since he caught
Tommy Dory peeping at my mother through the bedroom window that night. Truth be
known, he had every reason to be concerned. The whole street would see him
leave the house with his lunch pail and know he was gone then until the wee
hours. It was almost a conspiratorial wink that would pass through the
neighborhood as he made his way down to the bus.

      By the time the streetlights came on most of the real little kids were in
bed. Dinner was long since cleared away and the adults relaxed on their porches
with a cold drink. The work days were hard and people would begin to yawn
almost as soon as the heavy robe of darkness settled in. Husbands dozed while
their wives packed the next day's lunches and set the table for the morning
meal.

      The routine hardly changed from house to house. Around nine-thirty,
lights clicked on in bathrooms and bedrooms as the wives prepared for bed.
Weary from the predictability of endless chores, the women looked forward to
the pampering embrace of a warm bath and a couple of hours without kids under
foot. That was the time when we'd make our way through the darkened yards
watching for careless blinds and unsuspecting displays. Sometimes, even when a
window was dark, we'd crouch beneath the sill listening to people we knew
having sex. For days after we'd mimic the sounds of their passion remembering
every grunt and four-letter word like it was the soundtrack from a favorite
movie.

      It was after one such night of breathless watching that I cut back
through the maple woodlot heading toward home. I was alone on the path behind
our house and paused to look across the grass toward the lighted window. My
mother's bedroom appeared to be empty and there was no one in the yard. From
around the corner of the house I could see the feeble beam of a flashlight and
I could hear my mother calling softly for our dog. There was no time to cross
the lawn and slip in through the open screen so I stepped further back into the
bush where I was sure I wouldn't be seen. She was wearing her robe and slippers
and holding the light out in front of her to maximize its faint coverage.

      I crouched down as she crossed the lawn and watched her stand near the
entrance to the woods. She called the dog's name. From somewhere close by I
thought I heard a whine in response. She heard it too and stepped a little ways
along the path trying to pierce the inky blackness with her frail light. Again
the whine and she moved further in until I could no longer make out her shape
in the dark. The sound of her voice, never very loud, disappeared in the hiss
of the wind on the trees.

      From nowhere, heavy footsteps suddenly pounded along the ribbon of packed
earth. Voices were momentarily raised in excitement, then hushed to frantic
whispers during what sounded like a fierce struggle. Just as quickly, the
noises receded deeper into the bush. Only the sound of feet swishing through
the grass and leaves gave away the direction they were going. I followed,
straining my eyes to catch a glimpse of anything that moved in the moonless
woods.

      The paths were familiar friends that I criss crossed every day. Yet the
fear of being discovered by those I was following slowed my pace and kept me at
a safe distance. From the direction they took, I was sure they were heading to
an old pumphouse that belonged to the golf course. Nobody much used it anymore
except us kids who took it over from time to time as a clubhouse.

      They were already inside by the time I crept up to the window. My mother
was standing in the middle of the dirt floor with a flour sack over her head.
Light from a coal oil lantern sent a flickering wash over the faces of the
three men who surrounded her. One had his back to me and was spreading a gray
woolen blanket over the peeling paint of the old table. Two other men that I
didn't know held onto my mother's arms. When she began to speak They all
listened.

      "I know it's you Tommy," she said in a clear voice. "I know it's you so
just let me go and I'll say nothing about this."

      The third figure turned toward the light and I could see that it was Ray
Dory, Tommy's dad.

      He reached over and took the sack off my mother's head. "It's not Tom
this time Evelyn. You caused enough shit for him over peaking in your window.
You might as well see that it's not the boy that you're dealing with tonight."

      My mother appeared frightened as she looked at the three men. Her face
looked like wax in the orange glow of the lantern's light. Her arms were folded
across her chest as if she was cold, but the night was warm and the air muggy
and close.

      "I see that you still don't pull your blinds Mickey," Ray grinned using
the nickname my father always called her. "You still like to put on a show for
the neighbors.""

      She said nothing and pulled the robe tighter around herself.

      "Do you know what the boys call a woman who flaunts herself, Mickey...
Cockteaser," he answered himself. "If you're gonna tease cocks and make them
hard, we think you should have to do your bit to put things right."

      While he was talking, his hand found one of the ties on my mother's robe
and he tugged it hard. She gripped the garment tighter to her body and he
shrugged amiably.

      "Have it your way Mick. One way or another it's coming off and you're
going to get the fucking of your life. But don't worry. You'll be back home in
bed before your old man's home from work."

      The other two took a stronger grip on her arms, holding them out away
from her body while Ray undid the ties. The robe fell open and her legs, bare
to mid thigh, flashed into view below her nightie. She struggled valiantly but
they pulled the house coat from her arms and dropped it on the table.

      The brief nightdress hid little of the promise that it was supposed to
cover. It draped revealingly between her breasts and clung like veneer to her
belly. Flimsy as it was, the sense of her near nudity was heightened rather
than hidden by the skimpy shift.

      One of the men gathered a handful of the thin cloth at the small of her
back, pulling garment tight across her skin. The dark aureoles of her nipples
showed through clearly and the shadowy nest between her legs stood out in full
relief against the scanty covering.

      "Please don't," she whimpered

      "Why? What are you hiding?" Ray snickered, "Have you got the curse?"

      His hand inched the hem of her nightie up a few inches until the patch of
auburn hair just peaked from beneath its edge.

      "I don't see no rag," he announced with a facetious smile.

      My mother tried to twist away as he continued to raise the nightdress
higher on her stomach. She tried to clamp her knees together when his hand
descended to her thighs.

      "Please don't Ray," she pleaded.

      "Don't what Mickey? Don't look? Everybody knows you like the boys to
look."

      "Please."

      "Well why don't you just show us yourself then?"

      She looked frightened. Faced with a situation where she wasn't in
control, panic tugged mercilessly at her composure. The three men seemed to
smell her fear and gain confidence from it. Ray Dory kept wheedling and
needling her, coaxing her to strip for them under the threat of them ripping
her nightie off anyway if she didn't. She struggled determinedly shaking her
head and weeping her refusal until he stepped toward her and reached out.

      "All right! All right!! she sobbed, shrinking back away from him. "I
will. I will. Just let go of me first. You can look. I'll let you look. But you
can't touch me," she bargained desperately.

      They let go of her hands and she backed further into the cabin until the
table was behind her and she could go no farther. Her hands were trembling as
she slipped the nightie off her shoulders. The bodice stretched out as she
pulled it down over her breasts and let it lodge on her hips. Dark, pink
nipples, as hard as plum pits, stood out from her quivering breasts. Her hands
cupped the fullness, holding them up as if for inspection. She watched the men
appreciatively eyeing her while she, teasingly, rolled her ample breasts in her
palms. She was well aware of the appeal her tits held for them. For a moment,
she felt safe.

      "Get up on the table," Ray told her and she wriggled her ass onto the
edge. The nightie, balled up on her hips, caught as she slid back dragging
itself down onto her thighs. She laid back raising her legs to slide it the
rest of the way off. Naked, she now looked to the three men as if she'd kept
her part of the bargain.

      "Put your legs apart and show us what you've got," Ray instructed.

      Reluctantly her thighs opened a few inches until Ray barked "wide apart!
I want to see every cunt hair!" She spread them then and watched the flushed
faces of the three men as they looked between her legs. "Squeeze your tits and
play with your pussy," he snapped and my mother did as he asked.

      "What would hubby say if he could see you now?" Ray smirked. "Open up and
show us the pink inside," he directed.

      "You knew Tom and his friends had been looking in your window most
nights, didn't you?" he asked. "You were just teasing the young fellas weren't
you Mickey?"

      She didn't offer an answer but they didn't need one. One on each side of
the table they pinned her against the blanket. Ray grabbed her behind the knees
and dragged her down until her ass was at the table's edge and her legs
thrashed wildly off the end. He stood between her open thighs and undid his
faded Levi's while she begged and threatened him. Rather than being
intimidated, the three men seemed to enjoy her resistance.

      "This is for Tommy and all the shit your prick teasing caused for him.
We're all going to fuck you in every place a cock will fit. Before this night
is through you'll admit that you teased the boys and caused their trouble. If
you don't you'll be late for your hubby coming home and we'll make sure he
knows we've all had you."

      He pushed into her, snickering amid her plaintive pleas for him to stop.
Her head began to swing from side to side while her lips mouthed "No... no!"
She was powerless to prevent what was happening. With his two large hands
holding her firmly by the hips she writhed like a pinned butterfly. But not to
escape. To grind her cunt against him.

      There was no need to hold her arms any longer and the other men squeezed
her tits and teased her nipples while she squirmed in delight. If there was any
doubt about her enjoying what she was doing it disappeared with the first gasp
of her orgasm. Her hands clawed at Ray's hips pulling him deeper while she
humped against him. For the first time I heard her voice shrill with passion
imploring "Fuck me... fuck me oh Ray I'm coming... it's soo good! sooo good!"

      Ray was, himself, close and her wild behavior was enough to push him over
the top. He clasped her in tight and pounded his prick deep inside of her. His
large shoulders shook like he had the palsy and he grunted with each spasm that
roared from his balls. For a moment he stood slumped over her while he regained
his strength and then he moved to the side for the next man to take his place.

      My mother took the stranger's prick in her hands and pumped it up and
down to get him ready. There were no pleas to stop this time and she guided his
stiff prick into her sweet spot. Ray stood beside her and rubbed his wet dick
against her cheek. "Smell that Mickey?" he grinned. Like the smell of your
cunt? His large hand turned her head towards him and he pressed his member
against her lips. "Open up now, and taste your cunt on me. You'll have to lick
it all off clean so Muriel can't smell it."

      She opened her lips and sucked him in. He stood with one foot on the
floor with his other knee thrown across her chest to straddle her face. His
cock had not fully recovered but it was hard enough to fill her mouth. "You're
a little cocksucker too, are you Mickey? he grinned as he watched her pretty
lips pull on his prick."

      Between her legs the other man had found his pleasure. Her ass was never
still and he quickly neared his climax. She'd folded her legs up to let him in
deep and he felt the hard mouth of her cervix on every stroke. Her hand had
found its way between her legs and she rhythmically rubbed her clitoris sending
waves of sensation through her striving belly. She was going to come again and
both of her lovers could feel the explosive tension building within her. Ray
was on the verge himself as he watched her pink tongue wriggling on his prick.
I thought of how he and Muriel had watched her masturbate. I'd heard his wife
admit that she'd like to be pleasured by Mickey's tongue. Ray watched as that
same tongue teased all around the swollen head of his cock. Images of its
probing bringing pleasure to his wife strobed through my thoughts. I watched
him press deep, reaching for the back of her throat until spasms of exquisite
pleasure milked his nuts. Muted by the flesh of his cock filling her mouth, a
high pitched wail announced my mother's orgasm. Her hips rose off the table
offering the auburn treasure between her legs like a sacrifice to the god of
lust. Back arched and belly writhing, she recorded her second powerful orgasm.
The man between her legs bit down on his lip and ejaculated deep inside of her.

      Still recovering they rolled her onto her stomach and the third man
repositioned her at the table's edge. Holding her by the hips he lifted her
belly off the table so that her buttocks were raised. She went rigid as the
realization of his intent became clear. Pressure from his cock against the
crinkled whirl of her bum made her panic but three pair of hands held her
firmly in place. She squealed as his frenum slipped in past her sphincter. He
pulled her to a kneeling position on the old table. She wanted to straighten up
but they held her head-down and buttocks raised high while he slipped
inexorably deeper into her anal passage. This was clearly not her favorite form
of sex and she whimpered pathetically as he began to slide to and fro. His
tempo increased as the tightness eased. Breath hissed from her each time he
slammed forward and she mewled her dismay on every draw back. The other man was
at her face now trying to get his cock into her mouth but she was too
preoccupied with what was happening to her bum to accommodate him.

      Her tormentors took extra pleasure from the fact that she didn't like it,
mimicking her moans and sighs and taunting her with crude comments. "Did your
stupid husband not know about your back door?" Ray teased. "Maybe we could tell
him how much you like it."

      She made a mistake then by blurting out "No. Please. Don't tell anyone
about this." The deep concern in her voice gave them a clear insight to her
vulnerability. They realised she would do anything to ensure they would say
nothing.

      "Well you haven't given us any reason not to let him find out, Mickey,"
Ray began. "You know how men are. They talk about women they've fucked. One
tells another and pretty soon it gets back to the woman's husband and there's
hell to pay. His pride is at stake."

      "You can't tell anyone," she moaned as the pounding from behind increased
in tempo.

      Ray had his hand between her legs trying to capture her clit between his
fingers. The man behind began to come.

      "You've got such a pretty ass Mick. Your old man doesn't know what he's
missing. What do you think he'd say if he could see you bare assed and butt
fucked."

      "You might have pups after this Mickey," Ray snickered.

      Her knees were weak and she trembled when they finally let her down from
the table. She reached for her robe and nightie but they weren't ready to let
her get dressed.

      "We'll walk you home Mickey," Ray chuckled, "We wouldn't want anything to
happen to you on the way."

      I flattened myself among the tall weeds and watched as they passed. They
made her carry the lantern, letting its pale light illuminate her nakedness as
she walked through the bush ahead of them. She picked her way carefully in her
bare feet, holding the lamp high in one hand while her free hand stretched up
on the other side for balance.

      Near the edge of the woods she found one of her slippers and stooped to
pick it up, exposing the whole her shapely ass to the men behind her. "Need a
little touch up Mickey?" the tall one asked, running his hand up between her
legs. My mother flinched from his caress. He pulled her in close and felt her
again until Ray cautioned him to "Save a little for the next time."

      She pulled away without a word and the three men watched her bare ass
scurry across our lawn.

      The bathroom door was closed when I slipped back into the house. From the
sound of water pounding heavily into the tub I knew she was freshening up for
my father's return. I laid awake for a long time replaying what I had seen.
Flashes of guilt for not going to her aid battled waves of lust that turned my
cock to rock. My balls ached for release. Inevitably, I could not stay my hand.

      Even though I was fearful that they may have hurt her, the memory of her
orgasm overpowered any such concern. The frenetic movements of her thrusting
hips and the wails of pleasure that escaped her lips burned like fresh coals in
my memory.

      There were no sounds from the bathroom and I began to get worried.
Thoughts of her being distraught, even suicidal, over what had taken place
troubled me.

      The cold wet dew on the grass shocked my bare feet as I lowered myself to
the lawn once more. The bathroom window was high and I had to stand on a saw
horse to look in. She wasn't moving and her eyes were closed. Her expression
was trance like. The hot water she loved to bathe in gave her skin a pink
flush. Her creamy legs stretched out toward the taps where her heels rested on
the edges of the tub. Out of the water like glistening peaks her pink-tipped
breasts rose and fell in a measured rhythm. Hovering just above the surface was
the almost imperceptible roundness of her belly. At its base, the mass of
auburn curls lay limp against her mound, saturated by the steamy bath. And just
between the prominent lips, her middle finger wobbled back and forth over the
tiny seat of her pleasure.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comments are most welcome. If you have any of your own work that you'd like to
have someone read for an objective opinion E-mail them to me.

