                     MOM'S HEALING LOVE

                   A Misbehavin' Mom Story
                       by J. BOSWELL

                    - - - Part One - - -

     The offensive player sprinted towards the goal and the
goalie lunged out of the crease to meet him.  The attacker's
stick whipped the ball at the net just as he was crushed between
the goalie and a defensive player closing from the other side.
The ball pinged off the crossbar and bounced towards the out of
bounds line.  The crowd became deathly silent after their
collective "OH!"
     The slim, offensive lacrosse player had slumped to the turf
like a rag and the two huge defenders who had literally crushed
him between them and their sticks slapped their gloves together
and ran after the ball.  The whistle blew as the downed player
remained motionless.
     A few of the parents of the defending team started cheering,
"Good stick!  Good stick, Red!"
     I remember running down, onto to the field and watching them
carefully lift the lacrosse player onto a stretcher and into the
waiting ambulance.  I climbed in after the paramedic and looked
down at my son's mud-stained face.  He smiled up at me, weakly.
     "Sorry you had to see that, Mom."
     I smiled back, "I'm sorry I had to see it, too, Honey.
We'll be at the hospital, soon.  Just rest."
     It was still early and the emergency room was empty.  They
wheeled Matty into a cubicle as I filled out the forms and
waited.  And thought.
......
     Divorced now, for over three years, I was still enjoying
being a single parent but missed the added support of Matty's
father at a time like this.  Allen, my ex, was now living in
California, and only saw Matty for a few weeks in the summer.
So, it was just me.  Me and Matty.
     He was in his freshman year of high school, and had just
turned 14.  Afraid of "mothering" him too much, I bit my tongue
earlier in the year when he told me he was going to try-out for
his small prep school's championship varsity lacrosse team in his
freshman year.  All that Fall and Winter I watched him run and
work out with weights.  I marvelled at his commitment and hard
work and it paid off -- he was the last player who made the team.
Being the only freshman on the team, he was the brunt of the
tricks and practical jokes played by the older players, but Matty
hung in there.  I became his number one fan, never missing a game
and rooting the team on; but always afraid that something like
this would happen.
......
     Finally, a doctor approached.
     "Mrs. Lawrence?  I'm Doctor Fox, sports medicine clinic."
     "Yes.  How is Matt?"
     "Oh, he'll be fine.  He must have really taken a shot out
there.  His collarbone is broken on the right side, and the four
fingers on his left hand are broken.  I'm assuming he lost his
glove in the collision and his hand got stepped on or caught
between two sticks after the hit.  Other than that and a few
assorted bruises, he's fine."
     "That doesn't sound fine to me, doctor."
     "I played lacrosse, too, Mrs. Lawrence, and I can assure you
that with that strong, young, healthy body, he's already begun
the mending process.  The worst part about all of this will be
the inconvenience.  Either injury, the broken collarbone or the
broken fingers, alone, would be difficult for a teenager to
manage with.  Together, Matt's soon going to find out that there
are a lot of things he won't be able to do for himself, for a
while.   He'll need a lot of help.  You might even want to
consider hiring help."  He went on, explaining the prescriptions
and the casts until Matty emerged from the room, pale, but
walking.
     I retrieved his torn jersey and we left the Emergency Room.
My car was still at the school's field, so we took a cab home
from the hospital.  Matty had been given a pain-killer that was
making him drowsy, so I followed him into his bedroom.
     "I'm okay, Mom.  I can manage."
     I smiled and shook my head, "And just how do you think
you'll manage?  One arm is in a sling, and the other is in a
sling AND a cast.  Are you THAT good with your toes?"
     We both laughed and I gently sat him down on his deskchair.
I removed his muddy shoes and socks and shorts.  He was falling
asleep as I worked, and I helped him into his bed, still dirty
and sweaty from the game.  He was already asleep as I removed his
rib-protector pads and his jock strap.  I showered, cancelled my
date with Richard for that evening, made myself an herbal tea and
returned to Matty's room, worried about him being able to sleep.
I didn't need to worry.
......
     "Mom.  Yo, Mom!  Time to get up!"
     I had fallen asleep in Matty's desk chair and my body ached
with stiffness as I tried to move.
     "I sure hope you slept better than I did, Matt."
     "I must have been really doped up because I barely remember
riding in the cab."
     I stood up and walked to the bed.  As I did, I noticed the
covers tented up over Matty's penis.  He saw me looking and
blushed a deep red.
     "Oh, Matty, don't be embarrassed.  I know what it is.  It's
a morning erection and every teenage guy has them.  If you woke
up a morning without one, you would probably be dead!
     "Listen, Honey, you heard what Doctor Fox said.  He warned
us about how tough these next few weeks are going to be.  I
promise to respect your privacy as much as possible, but I think
modesty can pretty much go out the window for a little while.
It's just the two of us, Matt.  Let's try it, and if you're too
uncomfortable, I'll see if I can maybe hire someone to take care
of you.  Besides, I'm the one that cleaned your dirty diapers.
You don't have many secrets from your old Mother, Matty.  Let's
just try to relax and get through this, okay?"
     "Sure, Mom, but you don't have to hire anybody.  I'm just a
little embarrassed.  I'd probably feel worse if it was a
stranger."
     "I understand, Matty.  Really I do."
     I helped him gingerly get out of bed and walk into the
bathroom.
     "Do you have to go to the bathroom, Matty?"
     "Umm, I can't until this goes down, or I go in the shower."
     "Men," I thought, "can and will go anywhere!"
     I put a plastic bag over the cast on his left hand and then
Matty stepped into the showerstall and I reached around him to
turn the water on.
     "UGH!!"  Matty bumped his shoulder into the wall and moaned
with the pain.
     "I think we better move into my room, Dear.  Your
showerstall is just too small, and I don't want to hurt you."  He
had paled with the pain and merely nodded.  The bath in the
Master suite was large and had an oversize tub and shower.
     He was still erect, so he immediately stepped into the
shower.  I turned the water on and stepped back.  It took me a
second to realize that Matty was just as helpless here, and that
I was going to have to wash him.  I grabbed the soap and tried to
wash off the sweat and dirt with the gentlest of touches.  His
legs were the easiest because I didn't have to be so careful.
     My white cotton t-shirt nightie was soaking wet from the
shower and splashes, and clung to my breasts and thighs and
stomach like a nearly-transparent second skin.  Everything I had
was on display and I could feel my son's eyes on me.  I was going
to have to find something else to wear for Matty's next shower!
     I had worked my way up Matty's thighs, and the only part of
him left to wash was his genital area.  I soaped my hands and
looked up at him, "Just relax, now.  Okay?"
     He gave me a tight little nod and I soaped his testicles and
then his erect penis.  With a loud, sudden exhale of breath,
Matty ejaculated forcefully, spraying my neck and wet chest with
his semen.  After my initial surprised flinch, I gently stroked
him several more times with my soapy hands until he stopped
oozing his cum.
     "Oh, Mom!  I'm so sorry!  Mom!  I'm sorry that happened!  I
couldn't help it!"
     "It's alright, Dear.  Please calm down and relax.  I
understand.  Really.  Besides, I was a teenager once.  I remember
those hormones raging."
     He rinsed himself under the warm stream and I turned off the
water.  I grabbed a towel and began to gently dry him.  As I
patted him dry, I realized that he really had a wonderful body.
Still smooth and nearly hairless, he was tan and firm.  Already
far taller than me, he was just under six feet tall, his
newly-developed muscles were impressive and his wide shoulders
tapered down into a narrow waist.  And the girls were going to
just love his firm tush!
     By the time he was dry, he was semi-rigid again, and I shook
my head in wonderment at a teenage boy's "recuperative" powers.
     We laughed as we figured out how to put his soft cast on for
his collarbone.  It was a strange, padded strap that fit around
his arms like a figure-8, or a detective's gun holster, and it
had to be worn at all times, other than in the shower.  I
tightened the strap in the back, until Matty sucked in air,
wincing with the pain.  He also had to wear a sling on his right
arm to protect him from jiggling the shoulder.  The sling on his
left arm was to keep the cast and broken fingers elevated.  It
was a pretty pathetic situation for a 14-year-old boy.
     It was Saturday, so we decided pajama bottoms and a robe
would be alright.  Then he went downstairs and I peeled off the
wet cotton t-shirt, showered and dressed in jeans and sweatshirt.
     Matty tried, but I had to help him eat his breakfast by
feeding him.  Drinks were no problem in a glass with a straw.  I
was just finishing the dishes when the doorbell rang and the
coach and a few guys from the lacrosse team showed up.  I
retreated into the kitchen as they discussed the game and Matty's
injury.
     The coach and kids were still there when Richard showed up
with some videos he had rented for Matty.  He had been very
understanding the night before when I had cancelled our date and
I was happy to see him.  We had been dating for a few months and
I think we both felt comfortable, if not "in love" with each
other.  I asked him to drive me to the school so I could pick up
my car, and when we were in the car, Richard suggested a "quick
detour" to his house, but I declined.  I wasn't ready to leave
Matty that long, and Richard said he understood.
     In the three years since my divorce, Richard was only the
second man I had dated to the point of physical intimacy.  I had
been very careful with the men I had dated, protecting my body
and health.  I had also protected Matty and had never made love
to any of them at my home.  Their homes or motels were fine, but
I had never wanted to risk Matty seeing me intimate with anyone.
I didn't want him thinking about me in that way.
     At the deserted school parking lot, Richard and I shared a
kiss that quickly grew hotter and hotter, until his hands were
under my shirt and bra and caressing my aching breasts.  My
nipples hardened as he squeezed them and I melted into his
embrace.
     Feeling like I was back in high school, I looked around at
the empty playing fields and then lowered my head to Richard's
lap.  I opened his pants and released his erect cock, licking its
smooth, pink head.  I stroked his hard length a few times
(reminding myself that Richard's was the SECOND cock I had held
in my hands that day!) and then opened my mouth and sucked his
hot flesh into my mouth.  Just a few deep plunges into my mouth
and I soon felt him tense in my hand.  He came quickly, shooting
his warm cum into my mouth and down my throat.  I sucked him
until there was no more cum and gently replaced his softening
penis in his shorts, zipped him back up and kissed him on the
cheek.
     I then lowered the zipper on my jeans, but as his hand
approached my crotch, a gaggle of soccer players ran down the
hill to start a practice.  I zipped up and opened the car door.
     "Well, that was fun while it lasted!  Be sure to stay in
touch, Dear.  I'm sure I'll be housebound for a little while, but
I want to hear from you.  Thanks for the ride, Richard."
     He smiled and waved and made the "A-okay" sign as he drove
off.
......
     The crowd was gone when I got home, and Matty wasn't on the
sofa.
     "Matty?"
     "Mom?  I'm glad you're home!  I need help!"
     Matty was sitting on the toilet and was unable to clean
himself.
     "How did you get your pajamas down?"
     "I used my feet to pull them down, Mom.  I didn't have much
choice!"
     "Oh, Matty!  I'm so sorry.  How long have you been sitting
here?"
     "I don't know, but both my legs are asleep!"
     We both laughed as I cleaned him and helped him hobble back
into the family room and onto the sofa.  "I didn't even think
about being so helpless when I go to the bathroom, Mom.  I feel
terrible that you have to help me there, too!"
     "Now, Matty, I'm only going to say this one more time --
relax!  I'm your Mom, and I love you, and there isn't a thing in
the world that I wouldn't do for you.  Enjoy it.  Dr. Fox says
you'll mend quickly, and then you'll lose your own personal
slave.  Okay?"
     Matt smiled and nodded, "Okay.  But don't ever leave me
alone, again, if you can help it.  I didn't like it when you were
gone."
     I helped Matty into the TV room, switched on a baseball game
and I started my weekend chores.  After a late lunch (hand-fed to
Matty), the two of us watched a movie on cable.  It was a dumb
story about some high school kids getting into stupid situations,
but I figured its appeal for Matty and every other teenage boy
was the appearance of a different bare-breasted, blonde,
beach-bunny every ten minutes or so.
     As the credits were rolling, Matty said, "What did you mean,
today, when you said about being a teenager and raging hormones,
Mom?"
......
     Whoever said "discretion is the better part of valor" was
right, because that's the tact I chose to answer Matty's
question.  I had good reason to be VERY discrete!
     In fact, I had been introduced to sex by my Mother's younger
brother just after my twelfth birthday (he was 19 or 20), and I
progressed from there to being outrageously promiscuous through
my last couple of years in grammar school, and all through high
school.  It was the 70's (SEX, drugs and rock and roll, man!) and
I'm sure I must have set some kind of record for the number of
boys and men I had.
     But now, 33 years old, divorced, a respected career woman,
living in the "right" neighborhood, member of the PTA Board,
community volunteer, and "SuperMom," I sure wasn't going to go
into any of those sordid details!  Besides, Matty didn't want to
hear THAT about his mother!
     "I just meant that I dated guys in high school and college
and I remember a few... ah... consistencies among them.  Not that
I ever did anything!"
     He smiled, but went on, "I was just wondering if you... you
know... ever fooled around... before Dad came along."
     "Hmm...  Matty, I think you should know all there is to know
about your parents, and I want to be totally honest with you.
I've `fooled around' once in my life, and that was exactly 9
months before you were born!"
     "Oh, Mom!"

                 - - - End of Part One - - -
                    
                    
                    
                    MOM'S HEALING LOVE

                 A Misbehavin' Mom Story
                      by J. BOSWELL

                  - - - Part Two - - -

     We managed to get through the rest of the day and that night
but I still didn't get to sleep in my own bed.  Without the pain-
killer that the hospital had given Matty, sleeping was almost
impossible for him.  I stayed awake as much as I could, forcing
him to stay on his back whenever he tried to roll onto his right
side.  When the sun came up, I was exhausted.
     I climbed out of Matty's bed and dressed in a bathing suit
and robe before I woke him.
     In the shower, as I removed my robe, Matty saw my bathing
suit and smiled, "I thought you said we had to throw modesty out
the window for a while?"
     "We did -- yours!  I'm the Mother and I get to wear a
bathing suit."
     As the shower progressed, Matty became erect again.  After
washing his genitals, the skin on his penis was taut and glowing
pink.  I was stuck about what to do.  Part of me wanted to turn
the shower off and dress him, while the other part sympathized
with his predicament.
     Without saying anything to Matty about my thoughts, I
grabbed one of my moisturizing lotions and began rubbing it on
his chest.
     "This should feel good, and it will keep your skin from
drying out."  Looking only at my hands, I rubbed more on his
thighs and then, finally, his penis.  The lotion was warm and
slippery and Matty began ejaculating almost immediately.  I
waited for him to finish and then rinsed him off.
     After I dressed him, I showered and that was the last thing
I remembered until I felt Matty shaking me and almost yelling,
"Mom!  Mom!  It's the phone.  Dr. Fox is on the phone and wants
to talk to you!"
     I woke up and realized that I was lying on my back on my
bed, stark naked, with my wet towel still in my hand and my feet
still on the floor.  I had fallen asleep as I was drying my hair
after my shower!
     Matty was standing next to the bed, shaking my arm and
shoulder with his foot, and watching my jiggling breasts with his
eyes.  His pajamas had an obvious tent at his crotch.  He was
getting an eyeful of his naked mother, and seemed to be really
enjoying it!
     "How did you answer the phone, Honey?"
     "Speakerphone."
     "Oh, yeah.  Matty?  You can stop shaking me, now.  I'm
awake."
     "Oh, sorry!"
     I stood and slipped on a robe to take the call.  When I got
downstairs, I asked Matty if he was hungry.
     "Starving!  But you needed the sleep.  What did Dr. Fox
want?"
     "Well, he wanted to see how you were doing, which was nice,
but very surprising for an Emergency Room doctor, and even more
surprising, he asked me out to dinner, sometime."
     Matty smiled, "I'm not surprised.  In the hospital, he
wanted to know all about you.  If you were married or divorced
and if you dated much.  He told me that he thought you were
really hot looking."
     "Oh?  And what did you say?"
     "I agreed and said I thought you were really hot looking,
too."
     "Matty!"
     "Well, it's true!  All my friends think so, too, Mom.  Why
do you think Ryan and Todd always hang over here at our pool all
Summer?"
     I knew I was in pretty good shape for 33, but I never
thought of myself as flaming the fires of pubescent masturbatory
fantasies.  Brown hair (still with no gray!), large blue eyes and
good skin, I knew I was (at the very least) pretty.  With the
help of aerobics and my exercycle, my body was still holding up
pretty well, too.  I knew men liked looking at (and playing
with!) my large, round breasts (36D) and long legs, but I was
also proud of my flat stomach, firm ass, and tight waist.  Sure,
I could admit I was attractive, but I didn't go out of my way to
make a big deal out of it.  Now, I was embarrassed thinking that
I was the subject of teenaged boys' comments!  No wonder they
liked spending the summer around our pool in the yard!
......
     The next day was Monday, and I called Matty's school.  Since
Matty had been injured playing a school sport and there were only
a few weeks left in the school year, the Headmaster offered to
let Matty miss the remainder of the year, and take his current
marks (one "B" and the rest "A's") for his final grades.  I
agreed and thanked him for his time and understanding.  As for my
class of third graders, I had a ton of vacation saved up, so I
called my school and they said they would obtain a substitute
teacher for my classes until I returned or the school year ended.
......
     On Monday and Tuesday, Matty's erections quickly yielded to
my hand-jobs in the shower.  On Wednesday, however, he was still
hard and throbbing in my hand well after I applied the lotion and
the motion.  If I rubbed him any more, it would be obvious that I
was intentionally jerking him off, rather than him just
ejaculating as a result of me washing or "oiling" him.
     I was again in a quandary and didn't know what to do.  I
decided that I should just leave well enough alone.
     "Okay, time to rinse off, Dear."
     "Uh... Mom?  Uh... do you think... ah...  Never mind."
     "Would you like me to rub you a little more, Matty?"
     "It's more like needing it, Mom.  I'm sorry.  I can't help
it.  I'd gladly do it myself, if I could."
     I filled my hands with more lotion and began rubbing them
along the length of his erection.  The skin was warm and smooth
and felt wonderful in my hands.  I squeezed his rod as my hand
slipped along its length, and I cupped his tight balls in my
other hand.  "I understand, Matty.  Don't be embarrassed.  Every
man in the world masturbates.  Do you do it every day?"
     Matty's whole body blushed a bright red as he answered,
"Yeah.  At least two times, usually more, before this happened."
     "Well, just relax, now.  I think I'm almost done."
     Just then, Matty exploded with his orgasm, shooting his cum
the length of my arms, splashing it on the cleavage showing above
my swimsuit.  He saw that and his body jerked out of my hand and
he almost fell.  I grabbed him and sat him on the side of the
tub.
     "Are you alright, Honey?"
     "Yeah, I guess so.  I just never had one that strong
before!"
     And that became our routine.  We didn't talk about it, we
just did it.  Every morning in the shower, I would give my son a
hand-job.  I didn't try to hide what I was doing -- we both knew.
......
     On Thursday, we got a call from Allen, Matty's father.  He
decided to fly in and see Matty for the weekend.  I also got a
call from Dr. Fox.  He offered to stop by on Saturday and check
Matty's progress and asked if he could take me to dinner.  Since
Allen was going to be here and could babysit Matty, I accepted
his offer.
     I met Allen at the airport and he was as friendly as ever.
I saw him checking me out as he approached and I quickly turned
my cheek as he bent down to kiss me.
     "Jessica!  You're more beautiful than ever!  How have you
been?"
     "Just fine, Allen.  I see you still like to throw the bull."
......
     I have to admit that when I was 18 years old and a freshman
in college, I was totally and absolutely taken by Allen's smooth
charm.  Ten years older than me, he was a broker on the fast
track and I think my youth and looks appealed to him in a
"trophy" sort of way.  We were married and I was pregnant before
either one of us had really thought about it.  Of course, the
wonderful thing was that we had Matty -- the only success Allen
and I had in our almost-twelve years together.  I finished
college and started to teach.  Allen stayed on the fast track,
making the mega-bucks he was hungry for, but also spending a lot
of it on wine, women, song, and cocaine.  I tried to hang in
there, but finally gave up.  Typical of Allen, he ran away -- to
California.  He sent us a big check every month and saw Matt for
a few weeks in the summer, but they were more like buddies than
father and son, and that was all there was to his commitment.  He
was a successful, charming, shallow man.
     He stared at my legs as I drove him back to the house, and
at my body in obvious stares for the rest of the evening, so I
really wasn't surprised when he knocked on my bedroom door that
night.  I was sitting up, reading when he opened the door.
     "Dating anyone, Jessie?"
     "I'm seeing someone, but it's not the real thing or
anything."
     He moved across the room and sat on the edge of the bed.
"Is he keeping you happy?  Meeting all your needs?"
     "Allen, I'm not going to fuck you, if that's what you're
leading up to.  Why complicate the perfect relationship we've
finally worked out after all these years?"
     "Okay, but you can't fault a guy for trying.  How about, if
we're not going to get physical, you at least give me a look at
your goodies?  You're so fucking beautiful and sexy!  No touchies
 I promise!"
     I laughed and swung at him with my book, "Get out of here,
you monster!  You're incorrigible!"
     Allen got a little edge to his voice -- somewhere between
anger and a whine.  "Come on, Jessie!  It's not like it would be
the first time, or anything.  You're not a goddamn virgin!  All
that money I send you every month ought to buy me some
privileges."
     Now I was angry.  "Allen, that's gross!  The money that you
send doesn't hurt you a bit and it buys your son the house and
school and lifestyle he's had all his life.  I'm not your hooker
and it doesn't buy my body!"
     Allen shook his head and walked out of the room, wearing a
major pout and slamming the door.  His problem was that I had
seen that pout too many times in the past.  It didn't work
anymore.
......
     On Saturday, I woke Matty and dressed him in a pair of
swimtrunks.  Without either of us saying a word, he understood.
We were just finishing his shower when Allen walked into the
bathroom and dried Matt.
     Early in the evening, Dr. Donald Fox arrived and examined
Matty, declaring his recovery satisfactory and then whisking me
out to his car for dinner.  We ate in a small restaurant in
Little Italy, and then toured a few clubs, looking for a band we
could dance to.  It was after 1:00 a.m. when we got home.
     Out of sheer reflex, I invited Donald in and he accepted.
Declining a coffee, we sat on the sofa and chatted for a few
minutes, until he pulled me close to him and kissed me.  His
tongue pushed into my mouth, spreading my lips and teeth open,
finding my tongue.  We kissed for a while, and as his mouth
worked down to my neck, his hand rose to my breast and he gently
cupped my tit through my blouse and bra.  It soon progressed into
a full make-out session, and contrary to my normal habit, I
permitted it continue, until Donald opened his zipper and placed
my hand on his hot, pulsing cock.
     Normally, I would have stopped well before this point, but I
was feeling particularly naughty.  Maybe it was because it was
our first date.  Maybe it was because my very pissed-off
ex-husband was in the house as it was happening.  And -- although
I wasn't ready to deal with the significance of it -- maybe it
was because it had been a while for me and Matty wasn't the only
one getting turned on in the shower every morning.
     Instead of stopping, I opened my blouse and unclasped my bra
and placed Donald's hand on my naked breast.  As he began to
squeeze my nipple between his fingers, I moaned and lowered my
mouth down over his cock, sucking him between my lips.
     We were both hot and went totally with the passion (or maybe
it was just lust) we were feeling.  But as my lips slurped up and
down Donald's rigid pole, I heard something.  Without stopping, I
glanced up at the doorway and saw Matty standing back in the
shadows, watching his mother give a blow-job to her date!
     I couldn't believe my horrendous luck!  The first time I
ever did anything like that in the house since my divorce, and I
was caught!  But at the same time I was feeling guilty I was also
getting even more excited.
     Donald's breathing quickened and he soon tensed and came
into my mouth.  As much as I wanted to continue and feel my own
orgasm, I felt that Matty had spied on quite enough for the
evening, so I sat up and rebuttoned my blouse.  I walked Donald
to the door and kissed him goodnight as he promised to call me.
     Still angry with Matty for spying, but still turned on and
needing some release, I went to bed and buried my fingers in my
cunt, squeezing my nipple and clit between my fingers.  Smelling
my own wetness and still tasting Donald's salty cum on my lips, I
slammed into an intense orgasm, moaning my passion through my
clenched teeth as I bit into my pillow to muffle my screams.  I
released my clit and fell asleep almost immediately.
     By the time I woke up on Sunday, Allen had helped Matty in
the shower and had made breakfast.  We sat at the table and I
couldn't look Matty in the eye.  I don't think he could look
straight at me, either.  Allen explained that he was going to
have a very busy Summer, and maybe next Christmas week would be
better for Matt's trip out West.  Matt agreed and soon after
that, Allen left in a cab for the airport and his flight back to
California.
     Matty and I spent a very quiet and tense Sunday together.
     On Monday morning, when I went in to wake Matty, I found him
already awake.
     "Mom, I'm sorry for what I did the other night.  I know you
saw me and I know it was wrong."
     "Yes, you're damned right it was wrong, Matty!  How could
you do that to me?  I think I deserve a little more privacy than
that."
     "Well, I was just going to get something to drink in the
kitchen, and I saw the two of you kissing, and I couldn't stop
looking.  I'm sorry and it will never happen again."
     I calmed down a little as I realized part of my anger was
addressed at myself, for getting so excited when I saw my son
watching me.  I wondered if I even put a little extra enthusiasm
in my show for my secret audience, Saturday night.  It seemed
that our mother and son relationship was getting a little blurred
at the edges since Matty's injuries.
     "It's okay, Dear.  I saw you watching.  I could have
stopped.  I SHOULD have stopped.  Do you even know what was going
on?"
     "Oh, Mom!  What kind of dweeb do you think I am?  You were
giving Dr. Fox head...er...oral sex."
     "Yes, we called it a blow-job in my day.  Have you ever had
one?"
     Matty blushed and looked down at his toes.  "No, but... No."
     "But what, Matty?"
     "Well, at our graduation party from eighth grade, Becky
Stone got pretty drunk and said she wanted to do every guy at the
party like that.  She did do almost everybody, but she passed out
before it was my turn.  Some of the other guys and I tried to
wake her, but she was OUT!"
     I laughed at the thought of these horny, desperate boys and
their attempts at reviving the willing, but unconscious girl.
Becky Stone also reminded me of myself when I had been her age.
     "Matty, it's no big deal.  You'll soon have your turn."
     "The way Dr. Fox was acting -- he sure made it look like a
big deal."
     "Well, you have all the time in the world.  And everything
will come in its own time.  Come on, let's shower."
     As usual, Matty was erect as I washed him.  As I was sitting
on the edge of the tub, Matty's erection was almost eye-level.  I
poured lotion in my hands and he turned his penis towards me.
Only this time, instead of applying the lotion, I leaned my head
forward and sucked my son's raging, hot hard-on into my wet
mouth.
     He moaned as his taut skin rubbed over my lips and teeth and
tongue, and I cupped the twin globes of his ass in my hands,
forcing him deeper into my mouth, filling the crevice between his
cheeks with my oiled fingers, seeking his anus, finding it,
invading it with a slippery finger, feeling him explode in my
mouth, swallowing his warm goo, still sucking, feeling him begin
to soften and then harden, again.

                 - - - End of Part Two - - -
                     

                     
                     MOM'S HEALING LOVE

                  A Misbehavin' Mom Story
                       by J. BOSWELL

                   - - - Part Three - - -

     The dam had finally burst, the walls came crashing down, and
I wondered -- which one of us had been more turned on by my daily
hand jobs?  Had I just been doing Matty a favor -- no different
than drying him or dressing him or feeding him -- or had I been
seducing him all along?
     Maybe it was more than the hand jobs.  Matty later told me
that he had been sneaking into my room for years, spying on me in
the shower almost every morning, more than once watching me let
the shower's pulsing water masturbate me (one of my favorite
masturbation methods).  He also admitted that the previous
Saturday night wasn't the first time he had spied on me and my
dates (but it was the first time I had done "anything
interesting!").
     How long had this sexual tension been growing between us?
Does it occur between all Mothers and sons?  Was this what I
wanted to happen?  I didn't know, but now that it had started, I
wasn't ready to stop.
......
     I stood up and turned the water off.  Matty was silent as we
looked deeply into each other's eyes.
     I pushed my wet bathing suit off my breasts -- Matty's eyes
ravaged my now naked tits -- and down off my hips.  Still
dripping wet, I pulled Matty into my bedroom and over to the bed.
He was hard and I laid him on his back and straddled his hips and
lowered my wet, ready, hungry cunt down on to and around his hot,
hard flesh.  Mounted, I began to fuck my lovely, sweet, innocent
son.  My soul was lost forever -- and I was far-away in my
passion of that moment of perfect union.
     I bent forward and my big tits hung free, swinging with the
rhythm of my hip motion.  He slowly and carefully reached up and
grabbed a swaying nipple in his right hand, and then pinched my
other nipple between his thumb and cast on his left hand and I
was transported away to a place where I was only two nipples and
a cunt, where they were the only parts of me that still existed.
The sensations were powerful, almost painful, and I could feel my
orgasm beginning to grow in my cunt and nipples.
     I gripped his cock tighter and tighter in my cunt as I rode
him.  And, in perfect response, he gripped my nipples tighter and
tighter until all of me -- my cunt and my nipples --
disintegrated in the most total, most intense orgasm of my life.
     Somewhere, there, far away... in the throes of my little
death, Matty came, too, shooting his semen, his seed into his
mother, into his mother's cunt, the cunt through which he had
entered this world, as his fingers squeezed and tortured the
nipples at which he had fed.  My emotions reached overload and I
passed out.
......
     All that day, the two of us rutted together like animals.  I
don't think we said 20 words to each other.  All we did was kiss
and lick and suck and fuck.  We were insatiable.  We acted like
two lovers, separated for years, back together and making up for
all the lost time.
     Matty ate my pussy, sucked my breasts, finger-fucked my ass,
kissed my mouth, and raped my cunt with his cock.  We couldn't
fuck in the missionary position because he couldn't support
himself over me, but he enjoyed torturing my tits as I rode him
and loved the power he felt as I bent over and he fucked me from
the rear.  He wanted me to do everything to him and I tried, as
best as his injuries would allow.  Even more, he wanted to do
everything to me and I let him, finally sliming petroleum jelly
on his erect cock and bending over so he could fuck my ass before
we fell asleep in the bed that evening.
     Tuesday was the same -- there was no going back.  I woke
Matty by sucking his cock to erect life and then he fucked me in
the shower.  We ate in bed, being careless with our food and
drinks and then rolling around (as much as he could) with abandon
on the soiled and cum-stained sheets as we fucked and fucked.
     Matty was a wonderful lover, showing me how often a young,
healthy lover can do all the things a lover should do.  His firm,
smooth body was perfection.  His cock and his tongue and his
fingers never seemed to tire.  He was enthusiastic and never got
bored with my body.  He worshipped my tits, loved my cunt, adored
my ass, cherished my legs, and revered my mouth.
     We didn't really leave the bed and bedroom until Thursday,
and that was because we had to go to the hospital for more X-rays
and a re-examination.  Dr. Fox wasn't there, but he had left a
cute note attached to Matty's chart, asking me out for Saturday
night.  Matty was recovering nicely, and was told to leave the
slings off as much as possible, and to start manipulating his
arms and fingers.  (If the doctor only knew how well Matty had
been manipulating his fingers for the past three days!)
......
     Over the next few days, Matty and I continued to do
everything either one of us had ever imagined, sexually.
     I modeled every negligee and undergarment I owned.  Matty
loved some of my nighties, camisoles, and teddies, but he had
iron-hard erections whenever I strutted around in garterbelt,
stockings and heels, so, all day Friday, that's all I wore,
changing outfits after every fuck -- and that meant so many
changes!  My discarded garments piling up on the bedroom floor.
     On Saturday, I was in the kitchen, preparing a salad for us,
when Matty walked in and grabbed a large carrot I had just
peeled, and pressed it up and into my cunt.  I jumped at its
coolness, then moaned with pleasure as he fucked me with it,
large end first, and was soon trembling in my orgasm.  When I
finished, Matty removed the carrot and placed it at my mouth.  It
was wet and shiny and smelled like me and his cum (because my
cunt was constantly full of his cum!).
     "Eat it!"  He ordered.
     I looked into his bright eyes and smiled as I bit the end of
the carrot.  "Mmmm!  This is too good a fucking carrot to throw
away!  Want some?"
     "No, I want you to eat all of it."
     And I did, with great drama and satisfaction.  I knew in
that moment that, right or wrong, I would do anything and
everything for this wonderful, loving boy!
......
     Both Richard and Donald (Dr. Fox) asked me out for Saturday
evening.  I declined Richard's offer and was ready to turn down
Dr. Fox, but Matty insisted I go out with Donald.
     After I got off the phone with Donald, a thought flashed
through my mind.
     "I guess you don't want me to be so easy with Dr. Fox this
time, do you?"
     Matty got a very serious look on his face.  "Mom, I want you
to do whatever you want to do.  Whatever feels right to you.  Go
with it."
     "You're not going to spy on us, again, are you?"
     "I don't have to now, do I, Mom?  Can I pick out what you
wear tonight?"
     "Sure!"
     Matty went through my closets and drawers and picked out
black lace bra and panties, garterbelt and stockings; a tight,
low-cut black top and my red leather skirt and red high heels.  I
felt very sexy dressing as Matty watched and complimented me and
my body.
     When I was completely dressed, Matty ordered me to bend
over.  He walked behind me, pulled my panties to the side and
entered my slick, wet cunt in one shove, pumping into me hard,
until he came and collapsed back on the bed.  I smiled and winked
at him and was re-adjusting my panties and skirt as the doorbell
rang.
     Late that night, when Donald drove me home and followed me
into the house, I wondered if Matty was spying on us from
somewhere, and if he wanted me to put on a show for him.  It was
easy to see that Donald was ready -- my outfit had obviously
driven him crazy all night.
     We began kissing on the sofa and progressed quickly until we
were both naked on the floor in front of the empty fireplace.  My
almost constant sex with Matty hadn't sated me; it had, instead,
only made me hungry for MORE!
     Donald's mouth went down, over my breasts and tummy and
through my pussy hair, until he buried his tongue in my cunt and
I covered my mouth to keep from screaming as I came, thinking of
him eating my pussy -- full of my teenaged son's cum!
     Before I could catch my breath, he moved up and buried his
cock into me to the hilt.  We fucked gently, until he drew near
and then he pounded hard into me, filling me with his semen.
     After a few short kisses, he dressed quickly and said he'd
let himself out.  I gathered my clothes and went upstairs.  Matt
was in my (our?) bed, awake.
     "Well, Mom, did you blow him again?"  He was trying to
smile.
     "Weren't you watching?"
     "You said you needed privacy."
     "And I put on a show because I thought you wanted to watch."
     "Did you suck him off, Mom?"
     I stepped over to the bed and he moved his right hand to my
pussy.  His fingers explored in and around my cunt, feeling my
wetness and Donald's cum.
     "You slut!  You let him fuck you!"  Matty was furious!
     "I thought you wanted me to!  You said to do whatever felt
good, Matt!  I thought you wanted to watch!"  I couldn't believe
how nervous and contrite I felt.  I was being scolded!
     Matty roughly filled my cunt with his fingers and brought
his hand up to my face.  "Look!  I can't believe you actually
fucked him after all we did this week!  You're a slut!"
     Thinking it would turn him on and calm his anger, I took his
hand in mine and gently licked the fingers clean.  When I got
into bed I reached down to his obvious erection, but he pushed me
away and rolled over, away from me.  I was confused and exhausted
but didn't fall asleep very quickly.
......
     The next morning, our relationship changed forever.
     In the shower, after I smeared the lotion on Matty's cock,
he bent me over and rammed it up my ass in one violent stroke.
My eyes teared at the brutal invasion but I didn't say anything.
He fucked my poor anus mercilessly until he came and then he told
me to sit in the tub.  As I sat there, under the warm spray of
the shower, my son stood over me and pissed on my breasts and
pussy and I shocked myself with the intense and sudden orgasm I
experienced.
     That day, we resumed our almost-constant sex marathon, but
with a difference -- Matty was now the aggressor, the initiator,
the dominant one.  I found myself the submissive, responsive
partner, doing whatever he asked or ordered me to do.  We didn't
discuss our roles, and I can't explain how it happened.  It just
happened.  He became the adult, and I became the child -- always
seeking his love and approval, trying with all my energy to
please him.
     He wanted to know everything there was to know about me,
sexually.  My first time, who I slept with, what I did, when I
got my period, how and how often I masturbated (besides in the
shower).  Everything!
     By the time I finished telling him about all my early sexual
experiences, he was hard and had his hand buried up my cunt.
     "Mom, you are a bigger slut than I even imagined!  Is there
ANYbody you haven't fucked?"
     "Matty, it was a long time ago.  I was a teenager and times
were different then.  It's what teenagers do!  Are you jealous?"
     "Yes, I'm jealous!  I guess all these years, while I peeked
at you and spied on you, I wanted you to be just for me.  But, at
the same time, I think about you fucking all these other guys and
I get sort of... um... I guess I get proud of you.  That you
turned all these men on and they all wanted you as much as I do!
I wish I could have known you when you were a teenager and
watched you with all those guys.  I'm not even making any sense,
am I?"
     I smiled at him as I mounted him, yet again.  "I think so,
Honey.  But here we are, naked in bed together, so I'm not sure
anything is making very much sense right now."
......
     On Wednesday, Matty invited some of his classmates over for
a party.  It was the last day of exams and the boys had only to
suffer through their closing ceremonies the following morning, so
it was the perfect night for a party.  I made a pile of
sandwiches, bought a ton of chips, and stocked a cooler with
sodas.
     As usual, Matty selected my clothes, choosing white lace bra
and panties, a white silk blouse and my short denim miniskirt.
When I asked about stockings or pantyhose, Matty said white socks
and sneakers were fine.
     The boys arrived around 7:30 and I became scarce,
disappearing to my bedroom, but not before I noticed all of the
boys looking me over, and a few of them almost drooling.  Around
11:00, they got a little loud and I went down to quiet them
before they ripped the house apart.  As soon as I walked into the
room, I knew why they were getting so loud -- there were empty
beer bottles all over the place!  Instead of sodas, they had hit
the beers stocked in the refrigerator behind the bar!  I had nine
drunk teenage boys on my hands!
     After getting a few whistles and a couple surprised "Uh...
Hi, Mrs. Lawrence!"'s, I caught Matty's eye and he walked over to
me.
     "Matt!  What the hell is going on here?"
     "It's cool, Mom.  Settle down.  We're just blowing off a
little steam.  We won't hurt anything."
     "Matty, how am I going to take these boys home drunk?"
     "Don't worry, Mom.  Their parents aren't waiting up for
them."  Then he rested his left arm on my shoulder and grinned at
me.  "Besides, we're almost out of beer, and I'm glad.  I'm ready
for them to leave, because I'm horny!"
     "Shhh!  Matt, don't say things like that!"
     I walked into the room and turned the stereo down, "Okay,
guys, as of this moment, the bar is closed.  I'm serving coffee,
tea, and sodas till midnight, and then I'm giving rides home.
Okay?"
     There were a few whistles and a smattering of applause, and
even a few "Boo's" but they were good kids and stopped drinking
their beers.  By 1:00 a.m. I had safely delivered all of them
home, and made my way upstairs.
     "Did you fuck any of my friends when you drove them home?"
     "Matty, stop talking like that."
     "Well, did you, slut?"
     "Of course not, Matty.  That's disgusting.  I don't fuck
every male in the world.  I'm not a slut, anymore."
     "No?  You fucked who knows how many guys in high school and
you fucked Dr. Fox on the second date and licked his cum off my
fingers, and you fuck Richard, and you probably fucked Dad when
he was here.  You even fuck your son!  You're a nympho-slut."
     "Matty!  Please stop!  Why are you being like this?  Why are
you hurting me so?  How much beer did you drink tonight?"
     "Come here, and let me feel if you fucked any of my
friends."
     I stepped around the bed and stood next to Matty.  His hand
shot up my skirt, pushed my panties aside, and pushed two fingers
into my cunt.  I responded to his touch, immediately, feeling my
cunt grow wet and slippery around his invading fingers.
     "See, Matty, nobody's been there but you."
     I undressed and got into bed.  Matt's cock was hard and
standing straight up.  I mounted his hips and placed his pink
cockhead at the opening to my pussy.  With one powerful thrust of
his hips, my son buried his cock up inside his mother to the
hilt.  The pleasure for me was real and strong and washed over me
in waves.  We found our rhythm and began fucking, slapping our
hips against one another.  He pounded his cock into me with
almost painful intensity.
     "Ohhh, Matty!  Ohhh, Matty, I'm coming, Dear!  Oh, I love
so much!"
     Matty pounded away into me, until he tensed and opened his
.  As he began to come inside me, he whispered to me between
lenched teeth, "I love you, too, Mom.  But you ARE a slut!"

               - - - End of Part Three - - -
                    
                    
                    
                    MOM'S HEALING LOVE

                  A Misbehavin' Mom Story
                       by J. BOSWELL

                  - - - Part Four - - -

     Matty and I attended his school's closing ceremonies the
next day and he officially became a high school sophomore.  When
we pulled into the driveway at home, there were already several
of his friends waiting there.
     "I told the guys the party was continued today, Mom.  You
may want to go get us some more beer."
     Apparently, Matt had told his friends that his mom was
"cool" about partying at our house, because that's what they did.
That day, into the night, and the next few days there was an
almost-constant party going on at our house.  The pool had been
heated since Memorial Day, the house was full of toys, TV's,
video games and stereos, and I was expected to supply the beer
and food.
     By the third night, I was exhausted and needed a drink,
myself.  I didn't have to worry about driving anybody home
because it was Saturday night and the five "guests" were spending
the night.
     Dressed in the outfit Matty had picked out for my date with
Dr. Fox the week before, I had been a hit as hostess with the
boys all night in my low-cut top and red leather mini.  I walked
behind the bar and found a bottle of Tequila.  A Marguerita
sounded good.
     But I never made it out from behind the bar.  The boys
crowded around me and wanted to know what I was making and how to
mix other drinks, and soon, several of us were doing the
salt/Tequila/lime routine at the bar.  They thought I was a great
sport and just one of the guys.
     Well, almost one of the guys.  Soon, I was dancing with them
to rap and dance tunes.  I knew my lacy bra and stocking-tops and
garterstraps were making a few appearances as I gyrated to the
beat, but I was enjoying being the center of attention for these
six young, good-looking boys.  I was flirting outrageously with
them, and for the moment, I was back in high school again.
     Someone changed the CD and the music turned slow.  I took
turns dancing close with each of them, including Matty.  I knew
what I was doing to them.  I could feel their erections pressing
into my thigh and hip.  I could feel them squeeze me tight and
press their chests hard against mine.  I rested my head on their
shoulders and breathed on their necks.  I began to think that
Matty was right -- maybe I was a slut.
     After a little more dancing, someone suggested a drinking
game.  We all sat around the big glass-topped coffee table and I
could feel all of their eyes lock on to my crotch as I bent my
legs and sat Indian-style, like they were.  That position pulled
my short, tight skirt almost up to my waist and I didn't have too
many secrets left!  After a couple of games, I realized my
reflexes just weren't what they used to be, and I was feeling no
pain.  One of the boys suggested strip-poker, but I told them
that it wasn't fair odds, being the only girl and they all said
they liked the odds!
     The party soon got quiet and we all sprawled around the
Familyroom floor, talking about school and girls and cars and
music.  I had kicked my high heels off a while ago and I reached
up under my skirt and rolled down my stockings.  As I pulled the
second stocking off my foot, I realized that no one was talking
and I looked up to see all six boys staring at me and my legs.
     "Sorry," I giggled, "I just wanted to get more comfortable."
     Matty's best friend, Todd smiled and said, "That's cool,
Mrs. L.  You can even get MORE comfortable, if you want.  We
won't mind."
     I wagged my finger at them, "I think you are all having
naughty thoughts.  Now, behave.  I'm old enough to be your mother
right, Matty?!"  And we all began laughing uproariously.
     When I finally got my breath back, I knelt and then stood
up.  "I guess that was my cue for going to bed, boys.  I think I
got a little tipsy in that last drinking game, so I better go
upstairs while I still can.  Goodnight, boys."
     Matty took my hand and helped me up the stairs.  He followed
me into my bedroom.
     I stopped at the door to my bedroom and whispered, "I think
with your friends in the house, you better go to your own room,
tonight, Dear.  Besides, I'm a little too tipsy and a lot too
tired to do much tonight."
     "I still want to, Mom.  Watching you with my friends has me
so hot I can't see straight.  Just bend over and I'll get a
quickie."
     I kissed Matty on the cheek.  "Not tonight, Dear.  You'll
live without it for one night.  Your friends will all leave
tomorrow, and it will be just the two of us, again, and we'll
have had some sleep."
     Matty glowered at me and turned away.  I knew he was mad,
but I was just too tired to care.  I stripped, pulled on an old
nightie and immediately fell asleep.
......
     When I awoke, I knew I had a humdinger of a hangover.
Tequila -- why oh why do I drink it?  I cracked my eyes open
enough to see that the room was bright, (TOO BRIGHT!) and quickly
snapped them shut again.  Forcing myself, I got out of bed and
made my way into the shower.
     The water felt wonderful and I took my time washing and
rinsing.  When I shut the water off and reached for my towel, I
saw Matty standing in the bathroom doorway.  He was naked and
sporting his big morning erection.  From the look on Matt's face,
I knew what was going to happen next.
     "Can't wait any longer, Honey?  Come on, let's make it
fast!"
     Matty walked into the bedroom as I sat on the bed.  He stood
between my legs and spread my pussylips open with his cock.
     "You wanted to fuck my friends last night, didn't you, Mom?"
     "No, Honey, I was flirting.  I know I shouldn't have, but
flirting is basically harmless.  I won't do it anymore."
     "No, it's okay.  I'm glad you did, Mom.  It was fun to see
their reactions.  I know they all wanted to fuck you.  It turned
me on."
     I moaned softly as he worked his cock inside me.  "Oh,
Matty, you're just saying that.  I'm an old lady to them.  Not
someone they want to fuck.  It was just the booze."
     Matty was in me all the way and began pumping in and out.
     "No, they wanted to fuck you, Mom.  I went back downstairs
and pretended to fall asleep.  They were talking about how hot
looking you are and how hot you made them.  Dan and Ryan even
talked about coming upstairs last night and fucking you!"
     Without build-up or warning both of us began to come!  When
we came back down to earth I asked Matty what he thought about
his friends talking about his mother like that.
     "I liked it, Mom.  It was sexy and made me so excited, I
came right in my pants last night, just listening to them!"
     "Come on, sexy.  Let's shower and get dressed before they
wake up and figure out what they missed!"
     Later that day, as I was cleaning the Familyroom, I found my
two stockings from the previous night under the sofa.  They were
crumbled messes, with dried white goo in both of them.  I had
washed enough sheets in the last few weeks to recognize dried
cum.  One or two of the boys had obviously used my stockings to
jerk-off.  Thinking about it turned me on so much, I had to sit
down until my legs stopped trembling.
......
     Matt and I spent a quiet Sunday together, but the boys were
back on Monday night, supposedly to watch the baseball game.  We
all hit the beers pretty hard, and Todd, Mark and Jamie walked
home around eleven.  That left Dan and Ryan and Matt.
     With the game over, we put on the stereo and while we were
sitting, drinking and talking, Matt curled up on one of the sofas
and fell asleep.  Dan turned the stereo down low, put on some
slow music, and asked me to dance.  He held me tight and I
squeezed against him, feeling his cock grow in his pants.  Ryan
wanted his turn and I danced close with him, too.
     Soon, the three of us were sitting on the floor, our backs
against the other sofa, talking.  Dan had his arm around my
shoulder and Ryan was leaning against my other side.  Suddenly,
we weren't talking, anymore, and Dan leaned his face towards me
and kissed me.
     I didn't hesitate for an instant. I opened my mouth for his
tongue and moved my hand up under his shorts and loose boxer
shorts and grasped his hot erection.  We shifted a little and
Ryan was now behind me and lowered the zipper on my sundress.
The front fell away and my bare chest was covered with four wild,
grasping, clutching hands.  I leaned back into Ryan's chest and
his hands cupped and squeezed my tits and hard nipples.  Dan was
between my legs, frantically throwing my dress skirt out of the
way and pulling my panties down over my ass and legs.  He knelt
as he dropped his shorts and underwear and then hurriedly buried
his cock in me.  I leaned my head back to kiss Ryan as Dan fucked
me.  I was in heaven once again.
     Dan was excited and came in only a few strokes.  As he
pulled his shrinking cock out of me, I reversed positions, ready
for Ryan's cock that had been pressing into my back.
     My pussy was so wet, so hungry, it was as if it sucked
Ryan's penis up into me.  He humped my hips into the plush carpet
and Dan moved around to suck my tits.  When Ryan spurted his jism
into me, we heard Matt say, "Now it's my turn!"
     The four of us went up to my big bed and we fucked and
fucked and fucked until we all fell asleep from exhaustion.
     When I opened my eyes the next day (it was after noon), it
was to look into Dan's contorted face as he was fucking me.  I
looked around and saw that Ryan was still asleep and Matty was
standing at the door.  Then I saw Jamie, Todd, and Mark standing
at the open bedroom door, too, wide-eyed and holding big
erections in their hands.
     Matt said, "It's cool.  Come on in.  See, I told you.  She
won't mind.  In fact, she wants to."  He looked over at me,
"Don't you, Mom?  I called them up and told them to come over for
an early surprise."
     I looked at the three fresh, innocent, yet hungry faces and
nodded.  "Yes, come on in, boys.  I won't bite... hard."
     They were real gentlemen about it.  Jamie fucked me first
then Mark, and then Todd.  I spent the next several hours in bed
with all of them, eating their cum and being eaten.  I was
fucked, sucked and screwed, and did my best to return the favor.
With six teenage boys, there was always a hardon ready to be
poked into me, somewhere.
     With their solemn promises not to tell anyone what had
happened that day, they eventually all left that night, but they
were all back the next morning, and the day after that and the
day after that...
     They thought they could keep me their little secret, but I
knew they wouldn't.  Soon, they began to bring some of their
friends and they brought some of their friends and it turned into
a Summer-long party.
......
     There were always kids over the house, swimming in the pool,
playing video games, drinking beer or liquor, shooting pool,
playing the pinball machine, and fucking Matty's mom.  I was the
perfect hostess.
     The crowd stayed small at first -- just Matty and his
"close" friends, but the circle kept growing.  I have no idea how
many boys I fucked and sucked that summer.  If you told me it was
30, I'd believe you.  Hell, if you told me it was 100, I'd still
believe you.  I think I did Matt's lacrosse team all on one day!
     And they all kept me very busy!  I really only got dressed
to go food shopping, or to have something sexy on when the boys
wanted me to do a striptease for them.  The rest of the time, I
was naked and usually on my back with a cock shoved up my pussy
or down my throat.  I even carried my own tube of K-Y Jelly
around with me because I was seldom given a chance to "warm up"
or to recuperate from the last session, and every boy eventually
wanted to try anal sex.
     I slept when I could, but it was seldom alone, usually
waking up to a roomful of ready, randy teenagers, aching to bury
their morning erections in me.
     As long as the fridge was full of beers and I was willing to
handle their hard-ons, no one had any complaints.  I drank a lot
and started smoking again, and the house got to be quite a mess
but no one cared.  We ate pizza and chips and tuna sandwiches.
When we ran out of food or beer, we called to have it delivered
half the time I'd fuck the delivery guys when they got there,
too.  One day, I even fucked the two big pool maintenance men in
front of an appreciative audience.  They all loved the energetic
show I put on.
     I was brazen and bold and depraved and slutty and perverted
and proud of it.
     I never showered alone, always soaping up a cock or two in
the hot water.  They would bet me and I would drink shot glasses
full of their warm, sticky cum.  I let them shove fruit and
vegetables up my cunt and then they watched as I ate it.  They
covered my tits with beer or booze or whipped cream and then
licked them clean.  I sucked cocks covered with whipped cream,
jelly, chocolate pudding, syrup, peanut butter, beer, and mustard
(my Fourth of July hot dog!).
     Matty was still my one true love, and he loved watching me
with the other boys and was always urging them on, telling them
what a slut I was and how much I "needed" it.  I always tried to
make my performance as sexy as possible for him.  Sometimes,
during a lull, we would go to a bedroom and lock the door and
make love together, but most of the time, he loved to see what
new perverted thing I'd try or do and then watch the other boys
finally taking his turn with them.
     Sometime in July, some of the guys began bringing girls to
the party, getting them drunk and using the other bedrooms for
screwing.  By then, I was pretty well into the booze and hadn't
even seen anyone over the age of 17 in a month, but I knew that
there was no way what was going on at the house could be kept a
secret for long with so many kids involved.  I was right.
     It began with a few phonecalls from parents, checking up on
their kids, questioning if the party was being "chaperoned."  And
then calls from neighbors complaining about the cars and kids in
the neighborhood.
     Finally, very late one Friday night, the cops pulled into
the driveway.
......
     I was in my bed with my three favorite lifeguards, trying to
synchronize it so they could all fuck me at once.  I had one
under me with his cock buried up my cunt, and the second had just
eased his hard-on up my ass, and I was just about to gobble the
third into my mouth when Matty ran in and told me to get dressed.
I reluctantly removed the cocks in me, threw on a robe and went
downstairs.  I'm sure the cops looked at the messy house, the
empty beer and liquor bottles everywhere, and the only person in
sight obviously looked boozed-up and just-fucked, and wondered
what the hell was going on.
     The houses are too far apart for the music to be a real
problem, and too private for a neighbor to see what was going on,
so I had no idea what brought the law to my door.  It turned out
to be a kid was driving drunk and ran up a neighbor's lawn and
the neighbor told the police she was sure the kid must have just
left my house.  They wanted to know what I knew about it, but I
was lucky.  The boy must have been the only kid in the county NOT
at the party, and when the police asked if they could "look
around," I refused and they left.
     I said I was lucky, but it didn't last forever.  Finally,
one of the young girls went home drunk and missing some clothes
and the next day her father and the police showed up.
     No one answered the front door when they knocked, so they
walked around the back to the gate in the privacy fence.  When
they opened that, they were greeted with the sight of me, naked
on a chaise lounge, with a 15-year-old boy straddling me and his
cock buried down my throat.
     To say all hell broke loose, would be an understatement.
......
     Allen immediately filed for and got custody, stopped sending
the support checks, and sold the house and car.  Matty very
reluctantly moved out to California with him.  I think Allen was
more pissed that I was a fuck-machine for all those kids, and
wouldn't fuck him on his last trip in.
     The Assistant State's Attorney (the D.A.) looked at some of
the "big" names of some of the boys I had been fucking all Summer
and the way the cops entered the property and agreed to drop the
charges if I'd quietly quit my teaching job, get help, and move
out of the county.  I agreed, but felt like I was watching an old
Western -- being told to get out of town by sundown.
     I joined Alcoholic Anonymous for my drinking problem, quit
smoking, and went to counselling for my "boy" problem.  I even
joined a health club, to tone and firm my body up again.
......
     I miss Matty every moment of every day and night.  I miss
being his Mom and having him as a son.  Yes, I even miss him as a
lover.
     I worried about the effect of all this on Matty (and some of
the younger boys), but my psychiatrist (an expert in the field
(but aren't they all?)) told me that although it WOULD have an
effect (just as everything else that happens to a person has an
effect) I shouldn't despair over the sexual aspect of it.  In
fact, she told me that they are just now concluding that
Mother/son and woman/boy relationships may be the most common of
all parent/child or adult/child episodes, but the most
underreported -- precisely because of the lack of long-term
damage.  It is the one relationship-type where both parties get
exactly what they need from the other party and the relationship,
and the power status between the parties is the most equitable.
She gave me a whole lot more mumbo-jumbo about it, but there's no
need to go into that.
......
     All of this happened over a year ago, and I have survived.
I moved up Interstate 95 a hundred miles, to Philadelphia,
re-adopted my maiden name, went back to school, got a new
apartment, and found a new job that starts tomorrow.  I'm in
shape, motivated, lean and mean and ready to get on with my life.
I think I can make it.

                      September, 1990
                    - - - The End - - -
