Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.




Mothers and Sons 
(Mother's Little Secret)

Jeff Crawford felt like he was coming down with the flu.  He had
toughed it out all day and somehow made it through school, but he knew
he couldn't work after school.  Hoping he wouldn't  pass out on the
way, he pedaled over to the Burger Barn.  When Mr. Simmons saw him
walk through the door, he took him by the shoulders and turned him
around.  

"You 'll not be working here today, my lad," he said, "so go on home
and come back when you're well."

He felt like he was burning up as he pedaled home.  He couldn't wait
to get in bed.  He was so tired, he didn't think he was going to make
it home, but finally he turned up the street in front of his house.
His whole body was aching as he looked up the street.  What was the
big Caddie doing sitting in front of his house, he feverishly
wondered.  It looked like the Hammond's car.  The Hammonds were his
parent's best friends.  His father, Pete played golf with Brad Hammond
all the time and his mother, Peggy and Alicia Hammond were like
sisters.  

Alicia must be over visiting, he thought.  Brad wouldn't be over
because Pete was out of town for the week.  Getting off his bike, he
quietly locked it up and slipped into the house through the patio
door.  The house was quiet and dark as he padded across the carpet.
That was strange, he thought, looking around for his Mother and
Alicia.  They were usually in the rec room gossiping.  Curious now, he
tiptoed up to the top of the stairs and stopped.  Listening for a
moment, he thought he heard something down in his parent's bedroom.
Being as quiet as he could, he sneaked down the hall.   The door was
ajar just enough for him to peek inside.  Looking in, what he saw
almost made him pass out. 

Brad Hammond was lying on his back in the middle of his parent's bed
while Jeff's mother, Peggy was bent over him sucking on his big, fat
cock.  Jeff nearly croaked as he watched his mother's head bob up and
down as she hungrily sucked on Brad's cock.  

Suddenly, Jeff felt a jolt of electricity tear through his own cock as
he watched on.  After the initial shock passed, Jeff realized that
this was apparently no chance encounter.  His mother was dressed in
the sexiest little outfit he had ever seen.  She was wearing a tiny
little bra that couldn't hold all of her big, beautiful tits and as
they spilled out of the bra, they wiggled and jiggled with every
movement she made.  She also wore a sexy little garter belt and
fishnet hose, but no panties. Brad, on the other hand, had taken his
pants off but still had his shirt, shoes and socks on.

Jeff had never seen his mother so close to nudity and it dawned on him
that she was a beautiful woman.  But how could she be sucking on Brad
Hammond's cock.  Just then his mother's head dove down as she took all
of Brad's cock into her mouth and throat.  It was impossible, Jeff
thought.  How could his mother be deep throating Brad?  And then how
could she get all of Brad's big cock down her throat.  
All at once, Brad reached down and pulled her head up off his rigid
pole.

"You keep that up and he's going to throw up," Brad panted.

"You like that," she grinned wickedly, licking her lips.

"You made him all big and hard," Brad grinned at her as he sat up,

"Now I'm going to put him to work."

"Work. You call this work," his mother pouted, rolling over onto her
back and spreading her legs, "You used to think it was fun."

"You're right," he laughed, crawling up between her outstretched legs,
"Fucking you could never be called work. It is a pure delight."

"Oh, Brad Hammond, you are incorrigible," she laughed, reaching down
and grabbing hold of his bobbing cock."

Jeff watched on in shock and disbelief as his mother quickly fitted
Brad's big, thick penis into her drooling vagina.

"God, I love your big, hard cock," she moaned as Brad began to slide
it in and out of her, "It's so fucking big.  Lots bigger that Pete's."
Jeff was stunned.  His mother thought that Brad's cock was big and
yet, Jeff knew that his own cock was bigger than Brad's.  Brad's cock
was probably eight or nine inches long, but the last time Jeff had
measured his own cock, it had been ten and a half inches long.  Hell,
his cock was even bigger around than Brad's pride.

"I'm glad," Brad grunted, pounding his cock into her with abandon,
"You can use it anytime you want."

"Oh, shut up and fuck me," Peg growled raising her legs up and driving
her heels into Brad's ass, "Fuck the hell out of me."

Jeff felt lightheaded as he stared at the unbelievable scene.  He
couldn't believe this woman, his mother was capable of such, such
vulgarity.  His mother, the Sunday school teacher.  His mother, the
head of the PTA.  His mother wouldn't do such a thing.  He must be
delirious from the fever.  That was it.  He was hallucinating the
whole thing.  But he could hear the slap of their bodies and see them
fucking.  It was real.  Too real.

"Oh, Fuck, I'm cummmiiinnnggg," his mother finally groaned, digging
her long, pink fingernails into Brad's ass.

"Me, Toooo," Brad grunted thrusting his big, fat cock down into her
pussy as hard as he could.

"Oh, Baby, fill me up with your sweet cream," Peg cooed as she thrust
herself against him.

Jeff watched on in a daze as Brad emptied his cock into his mother's
pussy.  He didn't know what to do as he watched them grapple and
wrestle for a full minute, spewing all sorts of obscenities out into
the air before they collapsed in a heap before his eyes.  

Now what?  What should he do?  He couldn't let them know that he had
seen them.  Hoping his legs would still work, he stumbled back
downstairs.  Reeling out through the patio door, he unlocked his bike
and sped off down the street.  Turning the corner, he parked his bike
behind a bush and sat there trembling from shock, anger, and the flu.

He had to wait fifteen minutes before Brad Hammond came whizzing down
the street in his Caddie.  He felt sick at his stomach as he watched
the car fade out of sight.  How could his mother have done such a
thing, he wondered as he pulled out from behind the bush and headed
for home.

This time he made as much noise as he could as he locked his bike.
Then going in the front door, he slammed it and dropped his book on
the floor as loudly as he could.

"MOM, I'M HOME," he shouted as he trudged into the kitchen.

"Oh, Honey, what are you doing home so early?" his mother asked
walking out of her bedroom and looking down over the railing, "Why
aren't you at work?"

"I think that I'm catching the flu," he yelled back at her downing a
glass of water.

"Oh, you poor Darling," she whimpered, coming down the stairs.
His mother only had time to throw on her houserobe before she came
hurrying down the stairs.  Glancing down at her feet, he saw that she
was still wearing the hose she had had on earlier. Suddenly, he felt
his cock begin to throb again as he realized that she hadn't had time
to change and was almost naked under the robe.

"Oh, my poor baby," she cooed, frowning, "Your as white as a sheet."

"Uh, I, said I was catching the flu or something," he mumbled dropping
his hand down to try and hide the growing bulge in his pants.

"Well, march yourself upstairs and get in bed," she ordered him, "I'll
be up in a few minutes to tuck you in."

"Okay," he mumbled, stumbling up the stairs.

He hurriedly shucked his clothes off and pulled on a clean pair of
shorts before climbing into bed.  Rolling over on his stomach so his
obvious erection wouldn't show, he waited for her to come and tuck him
in.

He didn't have to wait long before she came strolling into his room
carrying a tray with all kinds of goodies on it.  He watched as she
leaned over to set the tray down.  As she did, her robe fell open
revealing her big bare breasts still overflowing the flimsy bra she
wore.

"Ooops," she blushed, quickly closing her robe and buttoning it.
"Now, turn over," she ordered him, sitting down on the edge of the
bed.

"What for?"

"So I can take your temperature, unless you want me to do it the other
way," she laughed, reaching down and slapping him on the butt, "You
don't want that, do you?"

"Jeez, Mom," he complained, slowly rolling over, trying to keep his
condition a secret at the same time.

His mother quickly shook the thermometer down and stuck it under his
tongue.  Then, she quickly flipped back the sheet baring his chest.
He nearly choked on the thermometer as his mother glanced down and saw
obvious erection.  He didn't move, but his mother's face reddened as
she reached over and picked up the Vicks Vap-O-Rub. 

"UH, I'm going, uh, to put some of this, uh, on your chest," she
stuttered nervously.

Jeff watched on as she quickly dug out a gob of the smelly ointment
and began spreading it over his chest.  As she did, her eyes strayed
back down to his swollen crotch and her face grew redder.  Finally,
after several long, torturous moments she finished and quickly pulled
the sheet back up, hiding his embarrassment once again.

"Now, isn't that better?" she mumbled, taking the thermometer out of
his mouth.

"Much," he muttered, covering himself with his hands.

"One hundred and two," she said, "You are sick."

"I told you I was," he said.

"Well, take these aspirins and get some sleep," she told him handing
him two pills.

He quickly downed them and flopped back onto the bed.

"Just holler if you need anything," his mother said, leaning down and
kissing his forehead, "Okay?"

"Okay," he blushed.

He watched her leave the room, still unable to believe what he had
witnessed earlier.  How could his mother, his dear, sweet, kind,
loving mother have done such a horrible thing?  Damn it, now his cock
was so hard it was hurting.  He needed to masturbate, but he was
afraid his mother would drop back into his room and catch him.  What a
predicament.  Finally, after ten or fifteen long, drawn out minutes,
his cock subsided enough for him to fall asleep.

But there was no escape.  Even as he slept, he was tormented by images
of his naked mother running through the house chasing him.  Both of
them were naked and he had a huge erection.  His mother kept grabbing
for it every time she got close to him.  It was almost a nightmare.
She was getting closer and closer until at last, she gave up and the
dream ended.

Suddenly, he awoke.  Opening his eyes, he saw his mother was standing
by his bed.  The sheet that had covered him before was now peeled back
down below his shorts.  Groggy from sleep and fever, he glanced down
and saw that his heavy, soft cock was sticking out of his shorts.  As
his mother stood looking down at him, he couldn't stop it.  His cock
suddenly began to grow hard.  He didn't know what to do as she stood
watching his cock grow bigger and bigger.  After a few moments, it had
reached its full glory.  It now lay on his stomach throbbing and
pulsating with energy, all eleven inches of it.  She stared down at it
for several moments before she finally lifted the sheet and covered
him back up.  The next thing he knew, she was gone.

His mother hovered around Jeff for the like a mother hen for the next
two days.  They went by in a blur for Jeff, but the third day, he
awoke with a clear head and no temperature.  

"So, how does my little boy feel today?" she asked him, sitting down
on the edge of the bed and feeling his forehead with her hand.

"Great," he smiled.

"Good, I don't think you have a fever," she beamed.

"I don't think so," he grinned tiredly.

 "Is there anything I can get you?"

Jeff now had a problem that he didn't know how he was going to solve.
Every time he saw his mother, his mind wandered back to watching her
and Brad and he got a hard on.

Sure enough, he was growing hard again.

"UH, I, uh, guess not," he muttered, blushing a bright red and
covering himself with his hand.

"What's wrong," his mother asked, glancing down at his crotch, "Do you
have another erection?"

"Jeez, Mother," he groaned.

"Well, do you?" she asked, a hint of exasperation creeping into her
voice.

"Yes," he mumbled, "Yes, Mother, I have an erection."

"My Lord, Jeff," she went on, "What is wrong with you.  It seems like
every time I come into the room, you get an erection."

"I'm sorry," he whined, "I just can't help it."

"This is definitely not normal, boy," she lectured him, "and it is
getting very annoying."

Jeff didn't say a word. 

"I'm sure that other boys don't get erections every time they see
their mothers," she said.  "Don't you think that it is just a little
bizarre?"

"Well, maybe other boys haven't seen their mother, uh" he blurted out,
stopping before he could finish the sentence and wishing he hadn't
started it.

"Seen their mother what?" she asked angrily.

"Getting fucked by one of his father's best friends," he finished the
sentence.

Silence filled the room as his mother sat staring at him with her
mouth open.  Jeff didn't know what to do, so he did nothing.
Suddenly, a tear slowly ran down his mother's cheek.

"When?" she whispered.

"The day I came home sick," he said softly, wishing he hadn't told
her.

"How?" 

"I sneaked in and watched you," he explained, "then I left and hid
until Brad left."

"Oh, My, God," she moaned, "I am so sorry."

"That's why, that's why," he went on, "That's why I get an erection
every time I see you.  I see you and Brad doing it every time I see
you."

"This is horrible," she wept, "I don't know what to say."

"It is okay, mother," he comforted her, reaching out and pulling her
to him.

"No one has to know," he continued, "But you and I."

"But Brad," she sputtered.

"But, Mother," he said mockingly.

A look of apprehension flitted across her face.

"What are you going to do?" she asked timorously.

"I think that the first thing you need to do," he smiled innocently,
"is tell Brad that it is all over."

"Yes, Yes, Of course, I will," she sobbed helplessly.

"Break it off with him," Jeff said confidently, "And never, ever see
him again, anywhere, except as, hah, friends, hah."

"I will," she said, panic nibbling around the edges of her words.

"Because, you won't need him anymore anyway," he smiled wryly.

"What, what do you mean?" she sputtered, pushing away from him.

"You have a new lover, Mother," he laughed sardonically.

"What, what do you, Oh, No, you wouldn't," she whimpered.

"Why, Mother, it will be our little secret."

"We couldn't, we just couldn't."

"Why not, Mother?" 

"It isn't right."

"Why Mother, you love, let me see if I can remember your exact words,
uh, a big, hard cock. One that is so much bigger than Dad's."

"You little fiend," she hissed, slapping him.

"No reason to get hostile, mother, dear," he smiled coolly, "Besides I
have a big, hard cock that is even bigger than your beloved Brad's."
He watched as a look of hopelessness spread over her face.

"Oh, Come on Mother," he smiled again, "I'll bet you learn to love
it."

"Jeff, how can you do this," she moaned, "It is sick and evil."

"That is what I asked myself about you?  And with Dad's best friend."

"I know it was wrong and I'm sorry that you had to find out, but this
is not the answer to our problem."

"I'm afraid that I hold the cards this time," he said coldly, "and
this is the answer to my problem."

"For God's sake, Jeff, please don't do this."

"Speaking of my problem, Mother," he leered at her stubbornly, "You
might as well meet it up close and personal."

With one sweep of his hand, he threw back the covers baring his
jutting penis.

"Oh, God," his mother gasped as she stared at his towering pillar of
rock hard cock.

"Maybe you should kiss him," he leered, "Just to show him that you
aren't angry with him."

"Oh, No, Please don't Jeff," she pleaded, "Don't make me do this."

"Okay, Mom, we'll do it your way," he frowned, covering himself again.

"What, uh, what do you mean," she stammered in shock.

"I just hope that Dad, Alicia, the church, and the PTA are as
forgiving as I am."

"You wouldn't," she hissed.

"You know, Mother, sometimes these things just sort of slip out,"
His mother glared at him for several moments.

"It would be an unfortunate mess, but that would be the honorable
way."

"You little shit," his mother spewed out, "you would, wouldn't you?"

She didn't move for several moments.  She just sat there staring at
him, hate and rage dripping from her eyes.

Suddenly, she jerked the covers back and grabbed his cock.  

Jeff winced with pain as she roughly squeezed him as hard as she
could.  Then she leaned down and quickly sucked him into her mouth.
Bitter-sweet pleasure flowed from his cock as his mother sucked on it
and roughly stroked it with her hand.  He had never felt anything like
as she sucked and pulled on his cock.  He knew that he wouldn't be
able to hold on very long the way she was devouring his swollen meat.
Then suddenly, his cock exploded sending a spout of thick, creamy cum
into his mother's mouth.  She didn't hesitate, she just kept on
sucking and swallowing his cum as it gushed out in waves.

Finally, his cock stopped ejaculating and his mother, lifted her head
up off his cock.

"Was that what you wanted?" she growled, cum running down her chin.

"Part of it," he growled back at her, rolling out of bed.  Stepping
around to where she sat, he reached down and pushed her down onto her
back.  Quickly lifting her dress, he tore her panties off.  Then,
pushing her legs apart, he guided his cock down to the wet gash
between her legs.  Fitting the huge cockhead into her socket, he
thrust himself down into her all the way to the hilt in one swift
lunge.

"But, you're going to learn to love it, too," he snarled as he began
to fuck her with long, deep strokes that buried his cock into her up
to the hilt every time.

"You'll be begging for it before long," he grunted, fucking her as
hard as he could.

He could see her fighting it.  One, then two minutes drug by.  Still
she fought it.  Then almost imperceptibly, he felt her responding to
him.

Then suddenly, she met every thrust with her own recoil.

"FUCK ME YOU LITTLE SON OF A BITCH," she squealed, lifting her legs
and digging her heels into his ass, "FUCK ME LIKE YOU'VE NEVER FUCKED
A WOMAN.  I AM YOUR MOTHER.  FUCK ME YOU MOTHER-FUCKER."

"Your so right, Mother," he grunted, slamming his cock into her over
and over again, "I am your mother-fucking son."

"Oh, Shut up and fuck me," she blubbered, clawing and scratching at
him as they fucked the morning away.
	
The End (?)
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
