Tales From Dr. Siris' Zoo 

Tale #1 - Mongo's Massage

Version 1.22 - By SwampRat  

(C) 1989, 1990 - The Brotherhood Of Pan

Mongo was due for his monthly rub-down... What a name, I thought, as
he was led to the rumpus room. I started a new video tape, labeled it
with the date, and subject, and opened my robe. Then led the animal
over to a large chair, and sat him down. While The coconut oil warmed,
I removed his travel harness, and rubbed the back of his neck. Mongo
grunted, knowing what was to come next. Spreading the now heated oil on
my hands, I rubbed his shoulders, easing the tension I felt in his huge
muscles, then worked my way down. The ape grunted, as I bent over him,
running my fingers through the dense black hair on his chest. He
moaned, as I rubbed the oil into his nipples, squeezing them between my
fingers. His head lolled against my shoulder, eyes closed, as the twin
points of flesh jutted out, getting harder as I mashed them with my
palms. I almost hated to stop, but to continue, I either had to move to
his front, or stand on my head. I rubbing more oil onto my hands, stood
in front of the animal for a moment, then folded my legs up, and
started on his feet. They were rough, and calloused, but still
sensitive enough to bring pleasure to their owner. He gripped my hands
with his toes, then ran them up my fore-arms as I moved up the back of
his hairy legs.

He grabbed the bar that hung from the ceiling, and pulled himself up,
feet gripping my shoulders. Grinning, I poured more oil onto the thick
thighs, and kneaded them gently. The gorilla slid his feet down my
body, squeezing me in much the same way I had been doing to him. At
last he stood in front of me, still hanging onto the bar for support. I
applied some more of the oil to his stomach and worked it in, rubbing
his sides, then working on his lower back. When I was done he was as
limp as a wet rag. I grinned at him again, then got down to business. I
rubbed more of the coconut oil between my palms, warming it up to body
temperature. I lifted his testicles with the palms of my hands, then
curled my fingers around each swollen nut. They were fat, and I bounced
them gently, feeling their firmness. They grew still heavier, as I
caressed them, working the oil into the animal's thick scrotum. The
gorilla moaned in at least 2 octaves, his cock sliding out of it's
sheath, and jerking as if tied to a string. I continued playing with
the distended balls, until I was sure either I paid attention to the
flagpole in front of me, or the animal was going to go mad.

Wiping my hands free of residue oil, I put the specially made condom
over his cock. As much as I would have liked a mouthful of cum, Mongo
was a Mountain Gorilla, and his semen was much too valuable to waste. I
would just have to wait. I re-oiled my hands, and slid them across his
splayed legs, kneading the hard flesh of his hairy buttocks. I sucked
on the tip, feeling it vibrate in my mouth. Mongo would not be able to
hold out much longer, and I made sure of it by swallowing the entire
rubber-covered cock. I bit gently down on the latex, holding it in
place, while I rubbed the ape's maleness with my tongue. Then I
alternately sucked and blew, heating, then cooling the rubber. An oily
foot-hand slid up my leg, and latched onto my stiffening penis. The
stubby toes pulled, up then down. The gorilla shuddered, grunted, then
let out a yell that would have done any yodeler proud, as his balls
jumped under my chin, and the reservoir filled with gorilla-cum. I
pulled back slowly, peeling the condom off, and stripping the residual
semen out of his cock. After pulling the rubber out of my mouth, and
tying the mouth closed, I indulged myself by nibbling on his shrinking
cock, and lapping on his testicles. Mongo gasped, and pulled me
upright.

Not one to waste time, the ape slid his tongue down, until it met the
base of my erection. Thick, rubbery lips clamped around the flared tip,
and he sucked my dick in his mouth like a piece of pasta.. Hands that
could rip me apart dug into my butt, kneading the flesh. Mongo moaned,
feeling my ejaculate splash against the back of his throat. The suction
increased, as the gorilla mauled my nuts, pulling still more semen out
of them. Satisfied no more spunk was forthcoming, he opened his mouth
and yanked my dick upwards. licking off the dregs. I shuddered, and
helped him get back into his harness. Then put on my robe, and stopped
the tape, placing it with the rest. An assistant showed up, and led a
tired, but happy gorilla back to his enclosure, while I got cleaned up.
I labeled the sample, and turned it into the Lab, sighing as I looked
at the mountain on my desk. Well, fun-time's over for another week...
back to the paperwork.

The End
