Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






"Monologue"

Written by: (Double Secret Author)



Oh, you want to play our special games, do you honey? Okay, you
just start and I'll go along with whatever you want do do. You
want to see Daddy's thing before we start? Before it gets hard?
Okay, look, I've opened my housecoat, see it's just droopy now,
but it's getting bigger, isn't it? That's because it likes you
looking at it! Now it's starting to lift up and poke out towards
its favourite litle girl isn't it - and stand up all by itself! 

That's it, now it's your turn to show Daddy what's in between
your legs - lift your skirt up to your waist and let Daddy see
what nice underpants you have on. That's it - lovely little thin
white ones, with little  flowers. Daddy likes the way your
underpants are nice and tight over your pee place, and the way
they slip into your crack. You like it too, don't you, becaue
they rub on your button when you walk, don't they? And make you
feel all nice there. Oh, yes, take your skirt off and your
tshirt too - then you'll just have your underpants and your
socks. 

Ah, now you're going to lie down on the floor in front of Daddy.
That's it - spread your legs apart a little more - and can you
pull your underpants off to one side so Daddy can see your bared
naked pee-place? Ah, yes, that's nice! With your underpants off
to the side like that Daddy can see the big fAr lips of his
little girl's crack, and the nice pinky parts in between them,
where you like to touch and play. You have a very pretty pee
place and Daddy loves it when his little girl shows it to ihm -
it makes his thing get even bigger and harder, and you like to
do things with it, when it's all big and hard, don't you! 

That's it, now take your underpants off - and can you show Daddy
how wide apart you can make your legs go? Mmm, very good! Your
little peeplace is opened nice and wide and Daddy can see it
better. How about holding the two sides and spreading them apart
so Daddy can look right up inside you and see all inside your
hole where you like to put things - yes, that's it! That lovely
little pink hole of yours is all wet - you want Daddy to play
nice games with you and touch you there, don't you! Would you
like Daddy to put his finger inside your hole? Just nod, that's
it - ahhh, see, you wiggle your little bum when Daddy puts his
finger in you, to help it go in farther, don't you!  That's it,
you rub your litle button while Daddy has his finger way up
inside you, and you'll feel all nice and funny and warm - yes,
rub it faster now honey, your little hips are moving up and down
and I know you're feeling all lovely - ah, yes! 

Now you can relax a little and let Daddy do some more stuff with
you. Oh, yes, touch Daddy's big thing, he likes that, yes, use
both hands to rub it back and forth, it's kind of hard for you
since your little hands are too small to go all the way around
it, but I know you do your best. Mmm, that feels good! You're
going to make that white stuff come out ofDaddy's thing in a
minute! Where would you like Daddy to make the white stuff go
this time? Would you like him to make it squirt on your pee
place so you can use it to help you rub your button again, or
put it inside your little hole, or would you like a special
drink? That's it, just put it where you want it to go. Ah, in
your hole! 

Okay, tell you what, you just hold it at the beginning  of your
hole and Daddy will just put the very tip inside and he'll do
the rubbing while you rub your button. That's it, now Daddy will
rub his thing for his little girl while the end of it is inside
her hole - mm, yes, hold Daddy's balls with your other hand,
they'll make lots of white creamy stuff for his little girl.
This is called masturbating, honey, Daddy is masturbating with
the end of his thing inside his little girl's hole, yes, and now
the stuff is going to come, going to come, going to come! yes,
yes, yes, yes, oh yes, the stuff is going right up inside your
hole, isn't it, ah, your hole is so slippery with Daddy's stuff,
Daddy will rub the end of his thing in all the stuff, feel how
slippy it is when he moves it around the edge of his little
girl's hole - ah, now he's finished making it come out, that's
it, you see if you can rub it some more and make some more stuff
come out! 

Oh, your hole is so slippery now Daddy's thing will go inside it
a little more! I know you like that, feeling Daddy's thing going
up inside your hole - now Daddy's thing is getting all soft,
it's going to slip out - there! It's out! That's the way, you
put your fingers in your hole and feel all the white squshy
stuff Daddy squirted in there - you always like the taste, don't
you, the way you lick off your fingers. If you squat down you
can let the stuff drool out of your hole into this glass and
then drink it if you want to - that's it, you can look down in
between your legs and see it drooling out of your hole and into
the glass. 

Daddy will stand up while you do that - ah, yes, reach up and
feel Daddy's thing - it's all soft now but you know how to make
it hard again, don't you? Mmmm, that's it, just lick it a
little, specially around the end, mmm yes, and it's starting to
get all big again. Now you can suck it if you like - that's it,
just the head, feel how it gets bigger and harder and longer
while you have it in your mouth. Okay, now you've got all
Daddy's stuff in the glass you can - yes, drink it all down, one
big gulp! It slid out of the glass in one big clump, didn;t it!
Yes! - ahhh, now you can start sucking on Daddy's thing again
and pretty soon he'll give you another nice big drink of cream -
this time straight from his magic stick! 

Mmm, yes, yes, yes, that's the way, lick it round the head, yes
mmm, tickle it just underneath, run your tongue back and forth,
now here it comes, yes, look up at Daddy while he fills his
little girl's mouth with his cream - stick your tongue out,
honey, and Daddy will do the work and masturbate again, this
time Daddy will help his little girl and masturbate right onto
her tongue and into her mouth. There! Unh! Unh! Unh! - Unh! You
like to watch it coming out the hole and squirting right at you,
don;t you honey. Now your tongue is all covered with big blobs
of Daddy's cream - that's it, tip your tongue up so it slides
into your mouth, slurp it in and swallow it, now you can clean
Daddy's thing off, lick it, that's right! Ah, yes, now you can
come and sit on Daddy's knee while he plays all over your pee
place. You can  play with his thing some more and tell him what
you did in kindergraten today.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.......