     What Happened to Mandy the Mooner

     Mike Walden was very angry with Mandy, his fianc‚e.  Mike
was a sailor on HMS Stratford and, as the ship had approached
a Florida naval base, Mandy had been seen on the dockside
raising her skimpy red dress cheekily displaying her
delectable bottom for everybody to see.  Or nearly everybody. 
Mike himself had been below deck at the time and even when his
mates had told him that there had been a mooner he had had no
idea that it had been Mandy, who he thought to be still back
in England.  But the next day newspaper photographs of the
shapely rotundities were displayed all over the ship and Mike
realised who the mooner had been.  Mandy sent a message on
board saying that she had flown out to meet the ship and where
she was staying, but there was no word of apology.

     Mike came in for some good natured ribbing from his mates
on the ship.  Most were envious of him for having such a
good-looker as a girlfriend, but a few thought she was nothing
but a little tart.  Mike was furious that Mandy had displayed
her intimate parts to the entire world, when they should have
been reserved for his eyes alone.  Before he left the ship he
paid a visit to the Purser and borrowed something that he
thought might come in useful.

     Mike went to Mandy's hotel and confronted her in her
room.  She tried to explain what had happened: "It was just a
spur of the moment thing, honestly.  The other girls kept
egging me on and I'd had a bit to drink.  Just for a laugh I
decided to show off my bum.  I never thought it would get into
the papers!"

     But Mike was not satisfied.  Mandy had acted in a totally
thoughtless way again and this time she had gone too far.  If
they were going to be worried she had to learn some
responsibility and to act decently in public, whatever she did
when they were alone.

     Angrily he showed her the photograph in the Sun,
accompanied by an article asking readers to write in if they
knew whose bottom it was!  "They're going to find out it's
you, you know," he said, "and then we'll both get our names in
the papers.  What do you think they're going to say about it
at your Hospital?"

     Mandy was a nurse and it did indeed seem rather unlikely
that the rather strait-laced sister in charge of her ward
would approve of this latest exploit.  So she didn't answer
her fianc‚'s question but tried to change the subject.

     "Look, I'm sorry!  I really am, all right?  Why don't we
just forget all about it and go out for a drink?"

     "No.  Not this time, Mandy!  I've always let you get away
with things in the past, but this time I'm going to teach you
a lesson and make sure that you won't want to display your
bottom in public again in a hurry.  You agree that what you
did was wrong, indecent and stupid?"

     "Yes, I admitted it already.  I said I was sorry, didn't
I?"

     "This time 'sorry' isn't good enough, Mandy.  You deserve
to be punished for what you did.  Now, either you can accept a
punishment from me or we're finished together!  It's up to
you.  I'm not marrying a girl who raises her skirt and drops
her panties in public!"

     Mandy was silent.  She had never seen Mike in this mood
before.  He was angry, she had expected that, but it was a
cold controlled anger, foreign to his ebullient, outgoing
personality.

     "What do you mean 'punish'?" she asked, in a subdued
voice.  She didn't want to lose the man of her dreams over
something as silly as this.

     "This is what I mean!" said Mike, dramatically.  He
withdrew a length of rope from his jacket pocket.  "Do you
know what this is?"

     Mandy shook her head, biting her lower lip.  The piece of
rope was slightly over two feet long and as Mike shook it in
his hand she saw that it divided into three tails of about
eight inches each.  The tails had knots along them, each about
two inches apart.  She had never seen anything like it in her
life.

     "It's a rope's end!" Mike told her.  "It's used in naval
colleges and on board ships on cadets and trainees who don't
do what they're told.  You like bearing your bottom, so you
can bear it again while I give you a dozen with the rope's
end!"

     Mandy thought about it quickly.  The idea of having her
bottom smacked was actually quite sexy.  She had once been
caned on her hands at school and had fantasized about what it
would be like on the bum.  And she did know that what she had
done was really stupid and tasteless.  Besides she didn't
think Mike would really hurt her, and that 'rope's end' didn't
really look too frightening.

     "All right then," she said, "but don't hurt me!"

     "Oh, no, Mandy!  This is a punishment, not a game!  It's
meant to hurt and it will.  But you'll get over it soon
enough.  I got the rope's end twice and it didn't do me any
harm!"

     "When was that?  You never told me!  How many did you
get?"

     "It was a long time before I met you.  The last time was
when I was nineteen.  I got two dozen for drinking on watch
duty."  Mike winced involuntarily as he remembered how hard
the Petty Officer had lammed the rope's end down onto his own
bare backside.

     "Well, what's it to be, Mandy?"

     "OK.  I'll take the spanking.  I know I do deserve it and
you're only doing it because you love me.  And I suppose it's
right that it should be my bottom that's paying the penalty!"

     "Good!  I do love you, Mandy, you know that, but you've
got to learn some discipline.  Right, let's get this started!"

     Turning to the bed Mike removed three pillows and piled
them up half way down one side of the mattress.  "Come on,
Mandy, skirt and panties off!" he said.  "You know how to do
that all right!"  Mandy obeyed, wriggling her bottom
provocatively at Mike as she did so.  He removed his jacket
and rolled up his right shirt-sleeve.  "Now lie down on the
bed over the pillows, so that you bum is raised!" he ordered.

     When Mandy was in position Mike moved the remaining
pillow so that she could rest her face on it.  Then he warned
her again that it was going to hurt and told her not to shout
out loud if she could help it.  "I'm sure you don't want any
more publicity!" he said.  He suggested that she bit into the
pillow rather than yell out.

     Then he lifted the implement until the tails fell down
behind his back.  He gazed intently at Mandy's as yet
unblemished rear and then brought the rope down with full
force.  It hissed through the air, its three tails separating
as it did so, to land across the whole expanse of Mandy's
bottom.

     A spasm passed through the girl's body and she burrowed
her face deep into the pillow.  She could hardly believe how
much that first stroke had hurt.

     Hiiisss! . . . Craaackk!!

     Hiiisss! . . . Craaackk!!

     Mike whacked down two further hard blows and then paused
briefly to inspect the results of his labours.

     Mandy was no longer lying still over the pillows, but was
wriggling like an eel.  Her glowing bottom was now covered
with criss-crossed weals, red and raised against the pale,
tender flesh.  Where the knots had hit her there were dark
circular marks soon to form into bruises.  And yet Mandy had
pluckily made no outcry of pain, although now as Mike listened
he could hear her whimpering into her pillow.

     He hefted the rope's end and recommenced the punishment.

     Mandy took the next stroke bravely, but as the knotted
tails crashed for the fifth time onto her upraised haunches,
across the pattern of swelling welts she could no longer
control herself.  Her head jerked up and she gave vent to a
loud cry of pain.  Her right hand came out from under the
pillow to be placed tenderly on her outraged flesh.  She began
to sob loudly.  

     Mike was not too worried about the noise.  There were not
many people in the hotel at that time and he knew that
Americans liked to mind their own business and wouldn't want
to get involved.  In fact her had expected Mandy to make a lot
more fuss than she had.

     He pulled her arm away and waited for a few moments.  As
he took aim he saw that not a square inch of his pretty
fianc‚e's bottom was un-marked.  When Mandy's writhings had
slowed slightly he unleashed the sixth stroke.

     Hiiisss! . . . Craaackk!!!

     Mandy bucked like an unbroken pony and screamed again as
the additional pain flooded through her already unimaginably
sore bottom, but this time she bravely kept her hands away. 
Mike could see why that last stroke had hurt so much.  A small
amount of blood was seeping out from where two weals had
crossed.

     As he looked down Mike was filled with admiration for
Mandy's courage, with pity and sympathy for her anguish, and
with plain simple lust!  He had intended to give her twelve
strokes, but she had been punished enough.  He didn't say
anything, but he dropped the rope to the floor, pulled off his
trousers and leapt onto the bed besides Mandy, pulling her
towards him.

     After her first surprise Mandy gave herself to him
unrestrainedly and they made love together as they had never
before.  Afterwards Mike kissed the tear stains on her face
away as he told her how brave she'd been and how he loved her.

     *          *          *

     It was two days later that reporters from the Sun found
the couple and wanted a story and photographs.  Mandy had got
over the worst of it by then, although she still couldn't sit
down properly.  And she certainly didn't intend anyone other
that Mike to see her bottom in its present state.  But on the
arrival of the reporters she changed into the shortest and
tightest skirt she had brought with her, which only just
covered her corrugated bottom.  And it seemed to Mike that she
was flirting slightly with the photographer, who obviously
found her very attractive.

     As the couple smilingly embraced for the cameraman Mike
lowered his hands and clasped Mandy's wealed bottom tightly
through the material of her short skirt.  Mandy somehow
managed to keep a grin on her face and the newspapermen did
not imagine what was going on.  But Mike knew it would be a
worthwhile reminder to Mandy.
