Copyright © 1998,     Schulzie.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (both header & footer).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





Lessons for Janice (Three Parts)  by  Schulzie

Part One

 When I was in my twenties, my wife and I were friendly with some of the 
kids in the neighborhood. One in particular, a 14 year old girl named 
Janice, used to stop by the house to visit. A lot of her visits were for 
"girl talk" with my wife, but sometimes she'd visit to watch some of our 
videos, play video games or just to chat, even when my wife wasn't 
there. My wife and I had a policy with her: as long as the front door 
was open and the screen door was unlocked, she could just walk on in. 
This went on for a few months.

 Then my wife, who is an RN, changed shifts and began working in the 
evenings. I began making plans, knowing that Janice would continue 
visiting and walking in without knocking. Over a couple weeks time, when 
she walked in, I would occasionally be upstairs in the bedroom reading, 
watching television or listening to the stereo. When she walked in the 
front door, She'd say something like: "Hello. Where is everybody?" I'd 
yell down: "I'm up here. Come on up." She'd come on up, and after 
several times of doing this and finding nothing "out of the ordinary", 
she got used to coming to the bedroom when I invited her up. After that, 
I just shortened it to: "I'm up here", and she would come up. Now the 
table was set.

 On one particular day around the time I knew she'd be likely to visit, 
I made sure the front door was open, screen door unlocked, and proceeded 
upstairs to the bedroom. I undressed, and waited near the window to peek 
out to see when she was approaching. While I waited, I stroked my cock 
into a state of semi-erection. Then I saw her approaching the house. I 
waited until she entered the front door, and she called out: "Anybody 
here?". I replied, as usual: "Up here."

 Then I quickly stepped into the big walk-in closet, and waited for her 
to come up the stairs and walk into the room. As soon as I knew she was 
well into the room, I stepped out of the closet and we stood 
face-to-face. It took several seconds before she fully realized that she 
had walked in on me naked. She quickly surveyed my body, glancing at my 
partial erection before her mouth dropped open and let out a gasp. I 
stood there, as if in shock, not being too quick to cover myself up. She 
blurted out: "Oh my God! I'm so sorry." and turned to leave the bedroom. 
I quickly grabbed her, stopping her, saying: "Wait a minute, Janice, 
don't leave yet. If you go, I'll never be able to face you again." With 
that she stopped, but did not turn to face me.
I told her: "I know you're embarrassed and so am I, but the only way 
I'll be able to get over this is if you go ahead and look. If you do 
that long enough, pretty soon neither one of us will feel so embarrassed 
about it." With her back to me she said, "I don't know if I can. I feel 
real bad that I walked in on you while you were dressing, but...I've 
never seen a...a...naked man before."  With that, I turned her around 
and said: "Look. It's not a big deal." Then I took away my hand which 
had been covering my cock and gently stroking it, to allow her to see 
it. She glanced down, and had a look her on face as if she were thinking 
- it IS a big deal. Obviously, not having seen a naked man before, she 
must have thought my semi-erection was the normal condition of my cock. 
I continued: "See. It's just a penis. It's not a monster." She giggled, 
and I took her by the hand and led her to the bed to sit down. I stood 
in front of her. She was still a little shy about looking, but I told 
her, "Really, it's okay. If you just look for a couple of minutes you 
won't be embarrassed anymore." I said, "You're a girl. Girls check guys 
out. What do you think?" Then I turned around almost like a model 
displaying some new fashion, letting her check out the rest of my body. 
At that age I was still in real good shape. "How do you like my butt?", 
I asked her. She laughed and replied, "It's cute." Then I said:"Like my 
muscles?" She told me that I looked pretty strong. Then I asked: "Okay, 
what do you think about my penis?" By this time, she was more 
comfortable and she looked straight at it. Then I said, "If you ever 
have questions about men's bodies, you can always ask me."

 After about a minute, she squinted and pointed toward my crotch, and 
said: "Are those your...what they call 'balls'?" I nodded. She asked: 
"Why do they call them balls?" Fair enough question for someone who had 
never seen balls before. I answered: "If you felt them, you'd feel how 
round they are." She looked me in the eye and smiled. Boldly I told her 
to go ahead and touch. She hesitated and said, "You don't mind me 
touching you...there?" I told her just to be gentle and careful. I 
lifted my still enlarged cock out of the way and told her to go ahead, 
just don't squeeze. Slowly she reached for my sac and held my balls - 
just long enough to feel them. "They DO feel like balls!" she said, 
giggling. Just the sensation of her small hand on my balls was enough to 
make my cock grow to it's full erect length. When she let go of my 
balls, and as she did, I let go of my cock which just stood there 
pointing at her. She gawked at it and said, "What happened to 
your...penis??" I explained how when she touched my balls I got excited, 
and that's what happens before a man can have intercourse, otherwise he 
won't be able to put his penis inside a woman's vagina. With that, she 
blushed. Then she smiled and said, "Oh." Then, as if thinking about it, 
she added: "Really??"

 I wasn't about to push this any further, so I told her I felt less 
embarrassed, and I asked her if she felt the same way. She nodded and 
told me, "A little bit...at least I know what a guy looks like down 
there." I told her it was time for me to get dressed and that she could 
come back later if she still wanted to, but to please not tell anyone 
about this because I'd be so embarrassed if anyone found out.
She said she didn't want anyone to know either. As she started to leave 
the bedroom, she turned around, looked at my still erect cock and asked: 
"Will you be able to get your penis in your pants when it's like that?" 
I told her, "I'll take care of it after you leave."
She looked quizzical. "Take care of it?", she asked. I answered: "After 
you're gone, I'll masturbate until I have an orgasm, then it will go 
down." She was still looking at me as though I was speaking a foreign 
language, then it dawned on her, and she started blushing again. "Oh...I 
think I understand. Well, I'd better go." She started to go downstairs, 
then she stopped and yelled up, "I'll be back tomorrow....don't be 
embarrassed anymore, it's okay, I won't tell anyone what I saw."

 I watched her leave the house and walk down the street. She had a 
little smile on her face. I guess she had some things to think about.

 As for me, I immediately began stroking my cock. I was so fired up over 
what had just happened, it took me no time at all to shoot cum all over 
my belly and chest.

 Part Two

	I hadn't seen Janice in a few days and I was beginning to worry that 
she had really been too embarrassed by what had happened, and had 
decided to avoid me. Worse, I was afraid she had told her mother and it 
was only a matter of time before the authorities paid me a visit.

	My fears were assuaged a few days later when bouncing into the house, 
as usual, came Janice. She was bubbly and talkative, but not once did 
she mention what had happened only a few days before. The only thing 
that was different about her was that every so often when we were 
talking, she would glance down at the crotch of my pants as if she were 
expecting to see my cock. Other than that, everything was just the same 
as it was before.
This went on for several weeks.

	Then one day, unexpectedly, she came over just as I was about to take a 
shower. She walked in the front door calling out: "Anybody here?" I 
replied, "I'm up here Janice, but wait a minute. I'm not dressed. Let me 
put something on." I quickly grabbed a towel from the rack, and put it 
around my waist. "You can come up now."

	She came bounding up the stairs, finding me standing there in nothing 
but my towel. She had a look on her face that was part relief and part 
disappointment. I told her I had been mowing the lawn and working in the 
yard all afternoon, and wanted to take a shower to get some of the sweat 
off of me. "Sorry about me just having this towel on", I said.

	"You're forgetting," she responded, "I've already seen you without the 
towel." There was a devilish look on her face as she said that.

	"Oh, I had hoped you had forgotten all about that," I said, knowing 
full well that she hadn't.

	Then her voice took a more serious tone. "Did you really mean what you 
said the other day? You know, about how if I had any questions about a 
man's body, that I could ask them?"

	"Sure."

	"Because I got to thinking about what you said, that after I was gone 
you would take care of your...penis...because it was all excited and 
standing up..."

	She paused, as if she wasn't sure she should continue.

 She swallowed hard and asked: "Did you masturbate after I left?" She 
blushed after she got the question out.

 So that's what she wanted to know, I thought. "Yes, I did," I told her 
matter-of-factly.

	Her eyes got wide. "Really?"

 "Uh-huh."

 All this talk about whether I jerked off was started to have its effect 
on me, and I could feel my cock starting to grow hard.

"Did that take care of your...problem?"

 "Yes."

 Now my cock was beginning to rise under the towel causing the towel to 
tent out in front of Janice. She looked at the towel moving upward and 
her jaw just dropped open. "It's happening again! Why?"

	I told her that our little talk was reminding me of what had happened 
before, and the memory of her touching my balls was getting me excited.

	"My touching you gets you excited?", she asked. "Why? I'm just a kid."

	I told her that she may be a kid, but she was becoming a young woman, 
and that she had soft, gentle hands that men like to feel touching them.

	"Seriously?", she wanted to know. I nodded.

	"Then, can I ask you something real personal. Promise you won't get 
mad?"

	"Of course, I won't get mad", I said. "Ask me anything you'd like." By 
now, my cock was at full length and straining to be freed from behind 
the towel.

	She paused. Then she asked her question. "How do guys do it? I mean, 
how do you masturbate?" Easy question to answer, I thought. Then she hit 
me with a bigger question. "Could you...show me how you do it?"

	I looked her right in the eyes and said, "You mean you want to watch me 
jerk off?"

	"Is that what guys call it? Jerking off?"

 "Uh-huh."

 She nodded. "Yes, I'd like to see how you...jerk off", she said shyly.

 With that I took her by the hand and led her to the bed, telling her to 
sit down on the side of the bed. I removed the towel, my cock now at 
full mast, and laid down beside her. I asked her if this was going to 
embarrass her. She said, "No, I'm all over being embarrassed. Besides, I 
kinda like the way your...penis looks, especially when it's all hard 
like that."

 "Well, there's a lot of other names for a man's penis," I told her, 
"and one of them is 'cock'". You can call it that if you'd like."

 "Cock", she said. "Yes. That's a good name for it." Then after a few 
seconds she said: "So what do you do with your...cock...when you jerk 
off?"

 I proceeded to slowly and methodically show her. I put my hand on my 
cock, and demonstrated how I liked to stroke it; slowly at first, then a 
little faster. The whole time, she kept her eyes on my cock, her eyes 
wide open, mesmerized by what she was watching me doing. As for me, I 
was getting terribly excited. Here was this young, naive and 
inexperienced teenager, watching me stroke my cock. This was her very 
first acquaintance with a cock, and I was thrilled watching her gazing 
eyes, and the intense curiosity on her face.

 Quietly, almost whispering, she said: "Can I touch your balls again?" 
She didn't wait for an answer. Instead, she reached over and began 
touching my scrotal sac, rolling my balls around, and then lightly 
tickling my sac.

 I was getting ready to cum, but I was not yet ready to take it to the 
next level. I stopped and told her: "That's how a guy masturbates." 
Then, I said: "I really need to take a shower; I feel so dirty."

	A look of disappointment was on her face. "Aren't you going 
to...finish?"

	"Yeah, I'll finish it up in the shower." Then I was off. But I was sure 
she would take the bait.

 I went to the bathroom, leaving the door half-open. The shower has a 
sliding glass door. The door itself was made of clear glass, and very 
easy for anyone to look through if they desired. I turned on the water, 
adjusted the temperature, then stepped in and closed the shower door 
behind me.

 I quickly began soaping myself and as I did I could see from the corner 
of my eye that the bathroom door that had been half-open was now almost 
completely open. I could see Janice standing outside the bathroom 
watching me from the shadows.

 Knowing this, I began to stroke my cock, slowly at first, then picking 
up speed. I quickly glanced toward the door and I could see she was 
still there. I turned my body slightly in her direction so she could 
watch me stroking my cock. I began to rub my cock in earnest now, 
stroking the shaft vigorously for her to watch. If she wanted to see a 
man cum, it was about to happen. 
With a loud groan, and with my pelvis thrusting a little, pearly white 
cum shot out of the head of my cock, splashing on the glass door. I 
began muttering, for her benefit, things like "Oh, God" and "Feels so 
good." I peeked at the bathroom door and noticed that Janice had crept a 
little closer to get a better look at what was happening. This only 
intensified my orgasm as I shot two huge blasts against the shower door. 
I fell back against the shower tiles, nearly collapsing from my orgasm.

 I quickly rinsed off, shut off the water, and got out of the shower 
hoping to see her reaction. When I looked at the bathroom door, she was 
gone.

Part Three

 A week had passed since Janice had witnessed my performance in the 
shower, but she never came back. I was afraid she might have been scared 
or turned off by what she saw. Having only recently seen her first 
penis, she might not have been ready to see a cock explode and shoot hot 
cum with such force.

 Then, one day after coming home from a hard day at work, I drank a 
couple of beers, took a shower, and laid down on the bed for a little 
nap. I had not thought to close the front door.

 Later, after having been asleep for awhile, I became aware of the 
presence of another person in the room. At first I thought it was my 
wife coming home early from work. Then, tiny timid fingers touched my 
balls. I knew it was Janice. I pretended to be asleep. Gently, she 
brushed her fingers against my scrotal sac causing my cock to start 
growing. She rolled my balls around in her hand, then resumed tickling 
my balls. Now, my cock has extended to its full erect length. Quietly, 
she said to herself, "Cool!"

 Then it happened. She touched my cock for the first time. At first, she 
touched it with one finger, making it bounce a little. I could hear her 
stifle a giggle. Then she pushed my cock to one side which made it swing 
back and forth a little. Again, I detected a muffled giggle. Next, she 
took the head of my cock and lifted it straight up. When she let go, it 
really bounced up and down. I heard her whisper, "Wow!" Since this was 
the first cock she had ever been acquainted with, it must have 
fascinated her to see what a penis could do when she played with it. I 
decided to make things more interesting. Everytime she started to touch 
my cock, I made it twitch and jump a little. Once more, I heard that 
teenage giggle. Then, after awhile, I stopped, and she seemed determined 
to make the twitching happen again. She wrapped her fingers around my 
cock and gave it a little squeeze. This time I flexed and made my cock 
pulse in her hand. She said to herself, "God! It's so hard!"

 I opened my eyes to peek at her. She did not notice I was awake because 
her full attention was on the cock in her hand. She was obviously 
enjoying playing with it, watching the head of it mushrooming with each 
squeeze, and marveling at the wonders of a man's cock.

 Then she looked up at me and saw my eyes open. She quickly drew her 
hand away from my erection and said, "God, I'm sorry. I thought you were 
asleep."

 I smiled at her and said, "I was until I felt a wonderful sensation." 
She acted as though she didn't know what to do next. "Go ahead," I told 
her, "keep on doing it. It feels good."

 "Really? You liked that?"

 "Yeah, it's soooo good."

 She went back to squeezing my cock, a liitle bit harder each time, 
causing my cock to stiffen even more in her hand. After a few minutes, 
she looked at me and asked: "Do you want me to stroke it for you like 
you were doing last week?"

 "Yes, please! I'd love to have you jerk me off."

 She must have paid close attention last week. She began stroking my 
cock just the way I showed her, grasping it with her fingers, and 
rubbing up and down on the shaft. Her grip and pace were perfect. She 
rubbed slowly at first, then began to stroke it quickly. I reward her 
with "ooohs" and "aaahhhhs" as she ran her hand up and down my erect 
penis. I praised her with an occassional "God, that feels so good" and it 
seemed to excite her.

 I could feel my orgasm building up, and didn't want her to stop to 
soon. I said, "I'm gonna cum...please don't stop!"

 "You'd let me watch that?", she asked. But I didn't answer as I was too 
busy moaning and begging her: "Please don't stop, I'm gonna cum, do it 
faster." Her hand was moving at breakneck speed, and then it happened. I 
came. I came harder than I ever had before in my entire life. A huge 
stream of white cum spewed violently out of my cock, landing all over my 
chest and her face. She flinched slightly when beads of cum splattered 
on her face, but she kept stroking and stroking. This was a long orgasm, 
and I continued spraying cum all over us until finally, the last few 
gushes and dribbles rolled down my cock and on to Janice's hand.

 "God," she said, "is that what happens when a guy jerks off?

 Breathlessly, I replied, "Uh-huh."

 Then she looked up at me and asked: "Did I do good?"

 I smiled at her, wiped a drop of come from the corner of her eye, and 
said: "You did just fine!"
 



  















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....