Archive-name: 3plus/moresome.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Moresome


     David and I had met at a swing party thrown by a mutual friend. We began
to see each other after the party and soon became swing partners at the various
parties and swing clubs that we attended.  Six months after meeting, I moved
into his two story suburban home.

     David and I are both divorced, in our early 30's, and professionals; he a
chemist and I a lawyer.  During our early days together we had both spent long
hours discussing what swinging meant to us.  We were both surprised to find
that we had similar views on a swinging lifestyle and what type of relationship
we both wanted.  David and I both had been introduced to swinging during our
previous marriage and had both found that although we enjoyed the freedom and
excitement such a lifestyle presented, our respective spouses could not handle
the deep down insecurities that sometimes go along with it.  We also had both
grown through a period of searching for a partner with which to share this life.

     After meeting each other we both felt a subconscious sigh of relief for
having found someone that we were attracted to and shared the same interests
and attitudes toward our common "hobby" without the hang-ups and mental
reservations we had encountered in our previous relationships.  Thus confirmed
in our attitudes toward sex and of sharing other partners with each other we
began our exploration of the wide world of sex.

     A week before our first anniversary of living together, David mentioned
that I should not make any plans for the following Saturday night.  When I
pressed for further information he said I would just have to wait and see and
nothing more.  The fact that my birthday was on the Thursday before convinced
me that he had some sort of surprise party planned for me.  I concluded that
since we both had a busy week at work to contend with, that he was scheduling
the party for that Saturday and that it would probably be a combination
birthday and anniversary party.

     On the day before my birthday David suggested me that we would celebrate
my birthday on Saturday rather than Thursday because of our commitments at work
and the general "hectic-ness" of our respective jobs that particular week.  I
quickly agreed, my mind drifting to thoughts of the case I was preparing for
and David's research project at the lab that had claimed so much of his time
lately.

     We both came dragging in late Friday evening after an exhausting week.
David was already asleep when I got home and I comforted myself with the
thought that we had no commitments to divert us from sleeping and making love
all weekend.  With sweet thoughts of lusty, passionate sex floating through my
mind, I slipped into sleep next to David's hard body.

     The next mourning I awoke to breakfast in bed, served by David who was
wearing an apron and nothing else.  After a delicious breakfast he brought in
my birthday presents.  The first was in a small box about the size of a ring
box and I assumed it was some piece of jewelry.  I was surprised to find upon
opening it to find that it was a pair of gold plated ben-wa balls.  David
insisted that I go ahead and try them out.  The cold metal against my pussy
lips shocked my senses into attention as I inserted them into my pussy.  I was
amused to find that I was beginning to get wet and that the subtle sensuality
present in the room was having its effect on me.

     After I had finished putting the balls in, I settled back into the warm
water bed and felt them moving as the bed oscillated with my movements.  I also
felt a gentle throb of pleasure begin in my pussy as the they began to
stimulate the inner recesses of my cunt.  David pulled out another box and
handed it to me to open.  I opened it and found a beautiful blue corset with a
matching G-string and hose.  The corset had an open top that was designed to
support my breast but not cover them.  My pussy, still being stimulated by
those devilish balls, throbbed again as I thought of how I would look in this
sexy lingerie.

     David interrupted my reverie and told me that he had another present for
me but that I would have to wait until that night to receive it.  I thanked him
for my presents and tried to get him to tell me what the mystery present was
but he was determined to keep it a secret.  He said that it was a secret and
would remain one.  When he asked me if I liked the Ben-wa balls, all I could do
was moan, they were beginning to have a serious effect on my pussy and I could
feel the juice starting to seep out of me and run down between the cheeks of my
ass.

     When I told David how turned I was getting, he asked if I needed any help.
I responded by pulling him toward me.  David's head disappeared between my
thighs and I was treated to a long and very satisfying session of oral sex
during which I lost track of my orgasms.

     I must have passed out after that because when I woke up it was early
afternoon and David was gone.  I got up and took a shower and tried on my new
corset.  I was so turned on by seeing myself in the mirror that I had to pull
out my faithful vibrator for a quick afternoon pick-me-up.  After finishing, I
quickly got out of the outfit before David got home so that I could save the
corset until it could do the most good, which I thought would be that evening.
I didn't know what he had in mind but I knew that it would be fun and exciting.

     David got home about an hour later from the grocery store and asked me if
I had had a good rest.  I answered him with a smile.  He said that he had made
reservations for an early dinner at six at a local restaurant that David knew
was a favorite of mine.  I managed to get dressed without David seeing me in
the new outfit he had given me and had wore a blue wrap-around dress and heels.
Dinner was delicious but otherwise uneventful except for the fact that David
got up from the table and made a phone call immediately before we left the
restaurant.

     We had only been home long enough for David to open a bottle of wine and
pour us each a glass when the doorbell rang.  I walked into the living room in
time to see our best friends, Rick and Pam, walking through the door.  David
and I had met at one of Rick and Pam's parties so I was not surprised that they
had something to do with whatever it was David had planned.  Following Pam
through the door was a beautiful, petite young woman about 25 that I hadn't met
before.  Pam kissed me and wished me a happy birthday and then hugged David and
wished us both a happy anniversary.  She then turned around and seeing the
other woman introduced her as Lori.  I asked everyone if I could take their
coats and Lori said she would wear hers a while longer.  I thought that was
strange as it was quite warm in the house and David had started a large roaring
fire but I was soon busy pouring glasses of wine for our newly arrived guests
so I did not dwell on it.

     When everyone was settled down and had a drink,  Pam got up and taking the
floor like a circus ringmaster announced that this was to be my party and that
the evening was to be dedicated to my pleasure.  But before the evenings
festivities were to begin, they had brought some presents for me.  First Rick
handed me a wrapped box and said that this was from him.  I opened it and found
an interesting new toy which consisted of a strap-on vibrating dildo which had
several small nubs and ridges that fitted inside the lips of the users pussy
lips.  I got up and gave Rick a hug and long french kiss in appreciation of my
present.  Rick had seen me with Pam and other women often enough at the various
swing parties we had all attended to know that I took particular pleasure in
pleasing and being pleased by other women.  Both Rick and Pam also knew that I
enjoyed collecting such toys and that I would use it often.

     I looked over toward Pam and saw that gleem in her eye that I had seen so
many other times that we had been lovers and knew that she was very turned on.
Pam is a tall woman with large firm breasts and a beautiful, delicious pussy
that I had enjoyed many times in the past.  She also has a somewhat dominant
streak in her, especially with other women.  She's not what you would call a
true dominant but she definitely likes to be in charge.  I had often kidded her
about being like a traffic cop at swing parties because she was always
directing traffic and telling everybody what to do and sometimes with who.  Our
swinging friends are used to it and generally go along with her, partially
because she's so good at it.  She has arranged some situations which have been
some of the most enjoyable I've been involved in.

     Pam then said that she was giving Lori to me for the night as her present
to me.  She went on to say that Lori was her most recent discovery and that she
would be servant for the evening to do with as I pleased. I smiled to myself
with the thought of how Pam would get her two cents into that situation before
the evening was over.  Pam signaled toward Lori and she stood up and took off
her coat revealing her almost nude body underneath.  Lori was wearing a
beautiful matching bra, garter belt, hose and G-string that accentuated her
small lovely features.  She had medium sized firm tits with hard little nipples
that I could see poking through her bra.  Her long dark hair fell past her firm
tight ass that was prominently displayed by the G-string she was wearing.  My
first thought after seeing her body was how much fun I could have with her.  As
she slowly turned so that we could all have a good look, I noticed that she had
a butt plug inserted into her shapely bottom.

     Pam came over to the couch I was sitting on and sat down next to me,
draping a long arm around my shoulders.  I looked over toward David and saw his
amused smile as he watched my reaction to the developing situation.  When Pam
saw that I had seen the butt plug she went on to say that Pam was an anal
virgin and that she had prepared her to lose her virginity tonight with the
small plug.  I thanked Pam with a long kiss and suggested that we get the party
started.  The sexual tension in the room was so high that everyone moaned in
agreement with my suggestion.  Pam asked what I would like first and I felt
like a kid in a candy store as I looked around the room at the others.

     I said that I thought that I needed to be warmed up a little first and
smiled at Lori, rose from my seat, and walked over to her.  I told her to
undress me first and as she quickly removed my wrap around dress I heard moans
of approval from Pam and Richard, complements of David's taste in lingerie.
Lori kissed me and wished me a happy birthday and asked what she could do for
me next.  I could tell that she was enjoying her role as sexual servant, so I
took her head in my hands and guided it toward my breasts.  Lori did not just
suck my tits, she made love to them.  However, a few minutes of attention to my
breasts resulted in my wet pussy screaming for attention.  I guided her head
toward my pussy and Lori took my cue and proceeded on her own.  She began by
licking me through the fabric of the G-string.  Although her tongue and lips
were extremely pleasurable, I was too hot to settle for the teasing pleasure of
it.  I lowered the G-string and almost immediately missed the subtle pleasure
of the string between my ass cheeks but it was soon compensated for by the
feeling of Lori's mouth on my pussy and the feel of her small hands on my ass
cheeks.

     I was so wrapped up in the pleasure of the moment that I forgot about
David, Rick and Pam.  I looked over toward them and saw that both men were nude
and Pam was down to a sheer black bra, a black satin waist cincher and hose. My
legs were beginning to get a little wobbly so I lowered myself to the floor.
Lori's tongue on my clit didn't miss a beat.  As I watched Pam start to lick
the long hard shaft of David's erection I felt the familiar tingle of an orgasm
begin deep in my cunt.  I looked toward Rick and saw that he was idly watching
the action and stroking his thick cock.  I glanced back toward Pam and David
and saw her swallowing David's long cock.  I had always been jealous of her
ability to deep throat even the longest cock and somehow managed to remember
her promise to teach me.  Maybe tonight was the night for my lesson.

     The combination of Lori's tongue and the sight of David's beautiful cock
disappearing in and out of Pam's mouth was more than I could take.  Lori
recognized my oncoming orgasm and began to strum my clit with her tongue as I
squirmed and moaned beneath her.  Just as I was about to explode she inserted
her finger, with which she had been stroking her own pussy, into my ass.  That
was all I could take and I had one of the longest, if not loudest, orgasm that
I'd had in quite a while.

     I looked over toward the others, Pam was still sucking away on David's
cock and Rick gave me a knowing smile as a looked toward him.  I told Lori to
go help Rick and then I joined Pam and David on the couch.  I took Pam's
shoulders in my hands and tried to guide her head to my tits.

     But that wasn't what she wanted, she wanted to eat my pussy, which, I
might add was still soaking wet from Lori's tongue.  As Pam's head disappeared
between my thighs I looked over and saw Lori swallowing Rick's cock.  As my
attention returned to Lori and David I found David offering my mouth his cock.
I love the feeling of his hard cock in my mouth.  The feeling of two of Pam's
fingers in my cunt, her tongue on my clit, and David's cock in my mouth soon
had me coming again.  The thing that I love the most about this kind of party
is the multitude of sensations that I am exposed to and the fact that I go into
a hyper-sexual mode that results in an chain of orgasms that doesn't seem to
stop.

     Pam took over again and told everyone that it was time for me to enjoy my
birthday present from her, Lori!!!  She asked Lori if her ass was ready to be
deflowered.  She demurely replied "Yes maam" and left Rick and joined Pam and I.

     Pam removed the butt-plug which was still securely embedded in Lori's
ass,resulting in a long, soft moan from her.  Pam told me try out my other
present, the dildo.  I slid my legs through the straps and tightened them.  Of
course, Pam had to get involved and made sure that it was fitting correctly.
She then made sure that Lori's ass was well lubed.

     Lori's ass was well stretched, but the dildo, though not extremely large,
still stretched her more as I slid it in.  I was slow and gentle and I stopped
whenever I felt her tense up.  I finally had about six inches of it in her ass.
Pam asked her how it felt to which she replied "oh, it feels so big, I feel so
full."

     Pam reached over and turned on the vibrator which caused a loud moan of
pleasure from Lori.  I have to admit, the way it pressed against my vulva felt
pretty damn good too.  For the first time I looked over at David and Rick on
the couch and saw that they were clearly excited by the little show we were
putting on.  Both had their cocks in hand, vigorously masturbating.  Pam saw me
looking at them and asked David to come suck on Lori's pussy while I fucked her
ass.  Lori had relaxed and was enjoying the vibrating dildo sliding in and out
of her ass.  Her small, tight ass looked beautiful from my vantage point,
framed in the garter belt and hose.  As David slid under her to begin
administering to her cunt, I could feel the tension in her ass cheeks increase
and I could tell that she was close to coming already.

     As David joined in on Lori, Pam said "You're not going to come without my
permission are you Lori?"

     Lori replied with in a soft, strained voice, "No maam".  As Lori's sexual
pleasure increased with David's tongue on her clit, she began to softly
whimper.  It was clear that she was struggling to keep from coming.  I didn't
help things any when I increased the speed and depth of my strokes. Soon her
soft whimper had grown considerably in volume until she was moaning loudly.

     Finally Pam gave Lori permission to come, and boy did she come.  I love
the sound of a lover coming, especially a woman, and Lori was a special treat.
I kept sliding that cock in and out of her ass, David kept tongue-ing her clit,
and Lori just kept coming.  Finally I had to quit, the muscles in my hips and
back couldn't take anymore.  I had been so engrossed in watching Lori, and Pam,
that I hadn't even thought about coming myself.  But after relaxing a few
minutes my pussy began to scream for attention.  It needed a cock, or
something, in it immediately.

     Rick came to the rescue and spread me out on the floor and offered me his
very hard cock which I gratefully fed into my very wet cunt.  I love the way
his thick cock fills and stretches me.  You can say a lot about length but a
hard, thick dick in my pussy is so good.  Pam quickly began directing traffic
again by telling me to get on top and turn around so that my back was to Rick.
She then told Lori to suck on my clit.  I was in heaven.  A hard cock in my
pussy and a set of hot lips on my clit.  I started coming and didn't stop for a
long time, I don't know how long.

     Meanwhile, Pam was acting as cheerleader while sitting on David's cock.
All I can remember is hearing the combination of moans and groans and Pam's
words of encouragement.  I finally had had enough and slid off Rick's cock.  I
remember laying on the floor, semi-conscious, and listening to David's
characteristic roar and Pam's loud moans of "I'M COMING, I'M Cooommming...."

     As I gathered my senses from the fog, I heard Pam tell Lori that she was a
bad girl because she hadn't taken care of Rick yet.  Rick  quickly mounted her
and slid that cock that only moments before I had enjoyed into her.  I joined
Pam and David on the couch and watched Rick and Lori while Pam and I played
with each others cunts.  They were a sight to behold.  Rick was fucking her
with long, hard, slow thrusts and Lori had her stocking clad legs wrapped
around his ass.  Soon, they were both coming, Rick's orgasm set Lori off and
they both came together.

     Pam, looked at me, kissed me, and said, "Well birthday girl, what is it
that you want.  Its your birthday I guess you get at least one wish granted".
I had to think hard and long on that one but it soon became clear what would
satisfy a long unfulfilled fantasy of mine.

     "Pam, you know as long as I have been swinging, there is one thing that
I've never done that I've always fantasized about".

     "Name it, your wish is our command, at least those of us that are able to
rise to the occasion" she said with a wink to Rick who was still breathing hard
from his vigorous fuck with Lori.

     "I've always wanted to be the center of a sandwich fuck" I replied.

     Pam said, "One sandwich fuck coming up, David do you feel up to it"?  She
didn't have to ask David twice, he knew that this was a major turn on for me
and wouldn't have missed it for anything.  Besides, watching Lori and Rick had
revived his gorgeous cock and it was pointing straight at the ceiling.

     Before I knew it, I was on the floor straddling David with his cock
sliding into my pussy.  Pam instructed Lori to make sure my ass was well
lubricated and without delay I felt her tongue on my asshole.  It felt sooooo
good, I almost was sorry when it disappeared and was replaced with a pressure
against my ass. I turned to see Pam wearing my new strap-on vibrator pressing
it against the rosebud of my ass.  She was slow and gentle and I had to
concentrate on relaxing the muscle at the entrance to my ass.  That's not easy
to do when the hard cock in your cunt is telling my body to tense up.

     Pam was finally able to get most of the dildo in my ass and for the first
time I was able to relax and enjoy the fullness and pleasure in both my ass and
pussy, it was wonderful, everything I had hoped it would be.  When David and
Pam began to stroke in and out it was more than I had hoped.  The feeling of
Pam's large tits and hard nipples pressing into my back only added to the
experience.  Then to top it off Pam turned the vibrator on.  At that point it
turned into a roller coaster ride of orgasms separated by periods of blissful
pleasure.  From somewhere I heard the telltale sounds of Pam reaching an
orgasm.  Her thrusts became erratic as her orgasm continued.

     Suddenly, Pam withdrew, and I was left with a hollow empty feeling in my
ass. The empty feeling was quickly replaced with the pressure of another cock
entering my ass though.  I was able to twist slightly to see Rick shoving his
hard cock into me.  I had never had anal sex with Rick before.  I had always
been afraid of his thick cock in my tight ass, but, after having been stretched
by the dildo, his cock slid snugly and smoothly into my bottom.  I was filled
by two hard cocks and I can't think of a time that I felt hotter and more
sexually alive.  The feeling of those two big cocks rubbing against each other
inside me was unbelievable.  I was off on another roller coaster of orgasms.
All this was starting to get to the fellas too.  It wasn't long before I felt
David's hot come and heard his moans.  This was all it took to set Rick off and
he buried his cock to the hilt in my ass and spilled his seed in my bottom.
While all this was going on I had probably the biggest and longest orgasm of my
life.

     As we sorted out our tangled bodies and I spread out on the floor to relax
for a moment I heard Pam tell Lori to "clean me up".  My super-sensitive pussy
and ass was soon being licked, inside and out, by Lori's mouth and tongue.  I
was too exhausted to get turned on by it though.  Still, it did feel good, like
a warm washcloth after a hot fuck.

     I joined David and Rick on the couch and watched Lori go down on Pam while
I was treated to a gentle breast massage by the men.  My nipples were still
hard and sensitive from having come so often.  Lori's tongue and mouth quickly
had Pam cumming in her mouth.

     Pam got up and was digging for something in her "party bag".  She turned
around with her double dildo in her hand.  I smiled, realizing what Lori was in
for, having enjoyed Pam's toy collection many times, especially that item.  I
got up and went upstairs and took a quick shower and douche and rejoined the
party. Pam and Lori were going at it hot and heavy, grinding their pussies
together with the dildo joining them.

     It was obvious that both were enjoying themselves tremendously.  I was
greeted, as I walked into the room, by Lori's whimpering orgasmic moans.  They
were quickly followed by Pam's screams of pleasure.

     Pam asked me to join them and before long my pussy was filled with half of
that monster dildo and my clit was being treated to the pressure of Pam's clit
rubbing against mine.  Pam has the largest clit that I have ever seen, and at
times like this it feels as good as a tongue.  Especially with a large dildo
firmly planted in my cunt.  As if all this wasn't enough, Lori's tongue joined
the scene by whipping back and forth across both our clits.  Off I went again,
cumming like a string of firecrackers.

     Finally I'd had enough.  My pussy and ass ached from having been pumped
and stretched, but I do admit it was a very pleasurable ache, a souvenir of the
best night of hot sex I'd ever experienced.  I looked at the clock and found to
my amazement that we had been at it for five hours.  David and Rick were both
out of it, neither could get a hard-on again, even with three mouths trying.

     Soon everyone was scrambling around searching for discarded clothing.
David and I kissed our guests goodbye.  I couldn't help asking Pam if she would
mind if we borrowed Lori again some other time.  She laughed and said sure.  I
gave Lori a long, slow kiss goodbye and told her she was welcome back anytime
and that I hoped she enjoyed herself.  She replied that this had been the most
memorable evening of her life and with a laugh stated that she wanted to return
for one of those sandwich fucks that I had enjoyed so much.  She added that it
would have to wait until her ass recovered from the treatment I had given it
tonight, though.  With a laugh Pam, Rick, and Lori departed.

     David and I straightened up a little, leaving most of the work for the
next day, and went to bed.  David amazes me sometimes, after everything we had
experienced that evening, he still treated me to a long, slow, gentle, loving
fuck.  After we finished he kissed me told me happy birthday and within minutes
we were both asleep.


     This evening is not typical of David's and my sex life.  Most of the time
it is like most other couple's.  But every once in a while .... There is one
thing about our sex life, it never gets dull !!!!

                                *** THE END ***

--
