Archive-name: 3plus/more-sal.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: More of Sal and Betty


    When we left SAL and BETTY last, they had just fucked my dick almost
off. But I loved every moment of the action.  SAL was such a wicked woman,
bringing her daughter into our sex life.  But I guessed that she had done that
several times before...probably starting when Betty was ten or so, when she
was still married to the last bum.  I never guessed how bad SAL was when we
met in the sandwich shop.  I was even hesitant to take her home for our first
fuck, after making out in the tunnel near her mother's little house.  I almost
took Betty home from the drive-in movie when she began to tease me, thinking
I shouldn't mess with a woman that young.  Somehow, my judgement had
intuitively realized the truth:  BETTY and SAL were practically the same woman,
a wildly, passionate woman who needed sex, needed love, needed attention. In
fact, they were the kind of women that I was a man.  My genitals were always
telling me to play...to find a sexual partner...to give them stimulation...to
cum...and to cum again...and again....  So I was delighted that SAL had
convinced me to bring BETTY into our sex life.  And here's how the next event
went:

    I picked SAL and BETTY up at their house about 5 PM, on my way home
from a long day of selling in their northside of town.  I was sweaty, but as
horny as ever.  I fantasized that they would bathe me together, then we'd do
showers, golden showers, and then lather up together in my shower.  I had
thoughts of eating them all night and all day Saturday...and all day Sunday.
I didn't want to sleep until Sunday night so I could work the next week.  I
kept picturing SAL's hairy, sopping, mature cunt.  I also pictured BETTY's
young, almost hairless blond pussy, so tight and small, so sweet.  I compared
their beautiful asses too. SAL's broadened and strong, leading down to her
dynamic slim thighs and long legs, just made for fucking.  BETTY's tight
little can, her delicate slender legs.  In my mind, I turned her over on the
bed and looked at the soft, wispy blond hairs on her legs and just above her
delicious pussy.  With those thought in my mind, I walked to the door to get
them with a hardon.

    Dora, SAL's mom, opened the door to let me in.  She stared at the
bulge in my pants, I think, but I was too eager to pay attention.  I wanted
to see how my lovely girl friends were dressed for the weekend.  Dora said,
SAL told me that you've been very good to BETTY.  I hope she's been a good
girl for you."  I assured the grandmother that BETTY was a wonderful girl and
that I loved her.  Dora replied, "BETTY told me that she thought you loved
her.  She's waited all week to see you again.  I wish that I could go away
with you this weekend too.  Have a good time.  Drive safely.  And take good
care of my girls."  I assured her that I would take the best care of them
that they ever had...and laughed inside at my private joke.

    That's when BETTY entered the room in the shortest shorts, made of the
softest fabric, I've ever seen.  You could see the outline of her little
cuntlips through the fabric, and she clearly wasn't wearing underpants.  Her
tube top emphasized the budding breasts and erect nipples as well.  I think
she must have rubbed herself into an excited state before she walked through
the door of the bedroom which she shared with SAL.  My hardon came back!
BETTY walked over to me and hugged me where I stood, and I could tell that
she was rubbing up against the bulge in my pants on purpose.  I somehow grew
harder, hotter, and hornier.  As BETTY backed away she drew her hand across
my crotch...right in front of her grandmother, who smiled wickedly.  Then SAL
walked through the bedroom door in a corset that lifted  her naked boobs, net
black stockings held up by the corset's garters, and four inch black heels.
I nearly creamed in my pants.  SAL's tits were erect and I couldn't have
become any more erect!  That's when seventy-four year old DORA said, I want
some of that cock too!  I haven't had sex for fourteen years, and I don't
intend to miss out on any more, now that my girls have turned you on.  I was
stunned...and some strange way turned on by the wicked idea of fucking three
generations of sexy, wicked women!

        With that, DORA unbuttoned her housedress, which made her look frumpy
of course.  Underneath she had on some lingerie that did wonders for her.
Yes, her skin was a little saggy and the face was worn.  But DORA had a
beautiful smile and the underclothes worked a miracle, I guess.  Her old
boobs were imprisoned in a nipple-less bra so her old nipples, which were big
and erect stuck out, I'll say 3/4 of an inch...really hot and erect.  I want
to lick them immediately.  But her shaved pussy also intrigued me.  She had
on just a garter belt which held up silky black hose.  And she had stepped
into 6-inch heel slippers, like a stripper or hooker might wear.  Her legs
all of a sudden looked sexy as hell.  And that hairless cunt excited me.

--
