                 Foreplay and Moreplay
                    By NixPixer Helen Bed about Pussy Barber! 303/920-1263

  My boyfriend is a really sexy guy. It's not his looks, or the size of his
prick that makes him that way either.  For looks, he's pretty average. "Paul"
is 36, about 5'9" and has a few pounds he could do without, brown hair & eyes,
and a smile I have to call "knowing".  In the size department, he's average
again, about seven inches (give or take a little), and about 3 inches around.
Not huge, not small, but nice.
	So, you may be asking, why is he so sexy?  Well, its his attitude about
sex, especially about pleasing me, that gets me going. He seems to go out of
his way to let me know that he wants me, and sometimes this takes place at the
oddest times.  Too, he appreciates things I do for him.  He always tells me my
cooking is great, even if I burned the chicken, and he massages my neck after
a hard day.  He likes to nibble my neck, under my long blonde hair, and he
tells me that my hair smells good. Then his strong arms wrap around me as if 
he's protecting me from danger, and I feel warm, happy and safe with him.

	Its all in his attitude. Sometimes his attitude is that I'm a lady and
should be treated as such, and others, he treats me as if I'm the most wanton
wench in the country.  Just the other day, after staining some cabinets, he
suggested we take in a movie.  After we showered and got ready to go out, Paul
came over to me while I was sitting on the bed.  I'd just put on my pantyhose,
and had slipped my arms into my bra. He had me hold my bra open for him while
I sucked his dick, and then he jerked off on my breasts.  No sooner had he shot
his hot sperm on my breasts than he hooked the bra in front and settled it over
my breasts, telling me that I'd have something to think about until we got back
from the movie.  Wow! Did I EVER think about that!  All through the movie, I
kept thinking about him coming on my breasts, especially every time I saw a
woman wearing a low-cut evening gown or blouse in the movie.  Would he like me
to wear that? Would he shoot on my exposed flesh, leaving a warm, thick pool
of his semen between my tits to slowly leak down the front of my dress? As you
can see, he sometimes makes me crazy with his little tricks.

	He says this is what he calls "moreplay". Something you do to your mate
that keeps them thinking about later -- the anticipation.  He's done other
things too, that keep me thinking of later.  He called me at work one day, and
told me that he wanted me to come over that night, and wear only a tee-shirt of
his and a smile. He said he'd leave a shirt on the bed, and that it would be
"specifically tailored" for me.  That left a lot of room to think about.  What
did he mean "tailored"?  Tight fitting? Loose? V-necked?  I didn't get a lot of
work done that day, but when I got to his place, I used my key and found the
shirt alright.  There was a note that told me to shower and put on the shirt,
then I should relax and wait for him to arrive about seven pm.  The shirt was
a plain, white tee-shirt, with a v-neck.  He'd cut two small circles out just
where my nipples would be, and he also cut out the stomach and back areas below
my breasts but above my pussy. It was like wearing a VERY short cotton dress
that bared my body sinfully.  I put it on, and waited for his arrival. At seven
I was rubbing myself all over, thinking about how sexy I'd look for him. I did
give special attention to my makeup, being sure to not put it on too heavy or
too fancy, but just enough to make me look soft and sensual.  Seven-thirty and
still no Paul. I was fingering myself in frustration, keeping myself hot and
ready.  Seven forty he came in, his eyes drinking in my sexy looks.  His kiss
was one of fiery passion and his hands cupped my ass hard.  He asked me to pour
us some wine and he put away his things.  When he sat on the sofa, he pulled me
to his lap and kissed me again, warmly, sensually.  Then, he said we'd sit and
watch a movie togetherr!  The movie was a good R-rated one, steamy and sensual
in what it DIDN'T show.  By the time it was over, I'd both cooled off, and
gotten more aroused.  I didn't want an orgasm, I wanted to feel sensual. He and
I went to bed, and I wasn't disappointed!

 The other thing that I love about Paul is that he genuinely likes to give
head. He loves licking my pussy for a long time.  That night, described above,
he gave me three orgasms with his tounge, and spent almost an hour just eating
me and using his hands to excite me.  The way he sensually explores my body
with his lips, tounge, and hands keeps me floating in a sexy, sensual haze that
lasts and lasts.  He cuddles too, which many men don't do. After I come, he'll
hold me and keep me warm, but still uses his hands to tell me how sexy he 
thinks I am.

  Then there are those nights when he gets so aroused that he can't control
his thoughts. Those are the nights I get to enjoy letting go, and being his
total, wanton slut.  One night, we turned the heat way up, and we 69'd and got
each other really hot. Then, he wanted me to lay on my stomach, facing him, and
beg him to let me suck his cock.  I did, writhing and licking my lips, begging
for him to come in my mouth, to let me suck his cock. I used such nasty and
lewd words that I surprised myself at how slutty I could be.  Then, after he
came in my mouth (which I don't mind by the way, although I prefer it in my
pussy), he told me to kneel on the bed and tell him what I wanted. I was very
hot, and my pussy was aching for his tounge.  I told him that I wanted to hear
him beg me to eat my pussy.  Once he started, I thought I'd come just from
hearing his lewd begging. He said he wanted to shove his tounge up my cunt and
lap up my come, and then he wanted me to rub my sopping wet twat all over his
chest and cock, then make him suck me until I came in his face.  That was so
crude, lewd, and hot!!! No pretense, no romanticizing, just "let me taste your
hot pussy and feel it all over me" kind of lust.  I came alright, five times!
I was so exhausted that I could hardly move in the morning.

	He is more sexually experienced than I am, and much more uninhibited.
He can get me aroused, just by whispering in my ear what he wants to do later
that night, like massaging me with a fur mitten.  This evokes images of me just
laying back and letting him please my senses until I can't stand it and grab
him, or until I drift off to sleep, totally relaxed and confident that he won't
get mad if I do (he really doesn't and he curls up and holds me).

	He gets a little carried away sometimes too. Like the night we were
driving back from San Francisco, and he asked me if I would get myself off for
him, right there in the car!  He coaxed me, and after a few minutes, I began
to finger myself under my dress.  The dress got hiked up, and my panties came
off about five minutes later.  He kept telling me how hard he was, and how
much he wanted to lick me then fuck me.  I was watching him, and he kept his
attention on the road somehow, only glancing over at me occasionally. Traffic
wasn't too heavy, but he was driving after all.  He told me to put a finger
inside my pussy and let him taste it.  His tounge was so sensual and erotic
licking my wet finger. I did that several times, getting hotter and hotter
each time.  Then it was two fingers, then three, which really started to get
tight. He told me that no one could hear me if I yelled or screamed, and to
let loose when I came. He really wanted to hear me come.  Well, I was so hot,
and he looked so calm and collected, like I was just sitting there crocheting
or something. He said he could tell by my breathing and the speed of my hands
that I was ready to come. When I did, I yelled as loud as I dared, which it
turned out was quite loud.  It sounded like someone had yelled loudly from the
back seat, but it was my own voice.  I came for what seemed like long minutes,
my body shaking and arching up off the seat, my fingers pinned against my
exposed pussy by my clenched legs.  Afterwards, he told me to use my panties
to clean myself up with, and then he put them in his coat pocket!  I rode all
the way home, about 30 miles, with my pussy uncovered and the aroma of sex
hanging heavily in the car.

	As I said, he's really sexy, and its his attitude. He's inventive, and
creative, as well as unpredictable.  I know he'll never do anything that will
hurt me or embarrass me, at least not intentionally.  We did get caught by my
room mate one night when he was eating me while I sat on the kitchen table.
Paula walked in (we'd forgotten to lock the apartment door) and her eyes got
very wide.  She took it in stride, excusing herself and going to her room just
as quick as she could. I was so embarrassed I could've died!  When Paula heard
us turn on the TV, after we cleaned up, she came out and said that she was
sorry to have interrupted.  Paul said it was our fault (not locking the door),
and that I was the one embarassed. After he left, Paula apologized again and
then wanted all the details of how good he was in bed. If she only KNEW!!

 Reading back over this, I may have given you the impression that I'm some
sort of slut or sex-fiend. The truth is that I'm normal, just like everyone
else, and I've met a guy who knows how to arouse my carnal desires. We don't
fall into bed every night, nor have sex all the time. Some nights we just go
to sleep together (more often than not) without having sex. But when we do get
going, we really take off and enjoy it.  He's teaching me to treat sex not as
something nasty, but as something that gives pleasure, and he's willing to
give me as much as he can.  Of course, he gets it back, just as good as I can
give it to him too.  In the meantime, we shoot knowing little glances at each
other, or he touches me in a way that reminds me of our intimate moments. That
is what really makes me "want" him.





