Copyright © 1998,    Schulzie.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





More Lessons for Janice
by Schulzie

Part One

In my previous story, I explained how I induced a sweet, innocent 14 
year old girl named Janice to masturbate me to orgasm. It had taken me 
several weeks to set the whole thing up, but it well was well worth it. 
Janice used her soft little hands to stroke my cock to one of the most 
powerful orgasms I had ever known. Though I had not touched her in 
return, she seemed more than pleased with her introduction to the nude 
male body, and very happy to receive instruction on how to bring a man 
to an explosive cum. Perhaps much too happy, because every chance she 
could get she would come over to my house for the sole purpose of 
playing with my cock, making it grow to its full length, and then 
jerking me off until I blasted hot white cum all over both of us. She 
always came over when my wife was at work, and my wife began to
wonder why Janice never came to visit anymore.
	
"She's probably found herself a boyfriend", I offered as a plausible 
excuse to explain why Janice - who used to visit so often while my wife 
was there - suddenly became scarce.
	
"Sweet little Janice?", my wife said with a grin. "She wouldn't know 
what to do with a boy if she had one!" 
	
She does now, I thought to myself. At least she knows enough to make 
any boy pretty darn happy.
	
She was making me happy nearly every single day. It seemed as though 
the moment my wife left the house to go to work, Janice would be in the 
door, asking me if she could do it again.
	
I rarely said no. She was so enthusiastic in her new-found talent in 
jacking off my cock, I was afraid I'd hurt her feelings if I were to 
deny either of us our pleasure.
	
"You know what?", she said to me one afternoon. "I love jerking you off 
and watching you shoot your cum so much, I wish every girl in the world 
could have this much fun!"  Now THAT's enthusiasm, I chuckled to myself. 
The only other thing I appreciated more than her technique and 
enthusiasm was her discretion. We had agreed to keep this a little 
secret between ourselves, and for several weeks she had been true to her 
word.
	
Then one day, Janice came over as usual. But she was not alone. Walking 
in behind her was a waif of a young girl who Janice introduced to me as 
Tammy. Tammy could not have been much more than 13. She was petite,
with short brown hair, and very flat-chested; quite a contrast from Janice
- a strawberry blonde - who, being a year and a half-older, was more 
developed. Tammy did have the most beautiful brown eyes for a young 
girl, and a shy smile to top it all off.
	
Janice looked at me somewhat sheepishly. "You're gonna be mad at me", 
she said quietly, with a slight tremble in her voice. Right away, I 
suspected the news she was about to reveal. I looked first at Janice, 
then at Tammy. Tammy knows, I thought. Janice told her everything.
	
"I'm sorry", she cried, "Tammy and I were talking about boys and sex 
and stuff, and I told her what happens when a boy masturbates, how his 
penis gets hard and shoots white stuff called cum, and she says How do 
you know?', and I...I just blurted out our secret and...oh God, please 
don't be mad at me." She put her arms around me and started crying tears 
of shame as I stood there, shaken. Someone else knows, I worried, as I 
looked over at Tammy who said nothing, but stood there looking me right 
in the eye.
	
"Janice!", I said, "you promised not to tell a soul."
	
She looked up at me. "I know, please forgive me, it just slipped. It'll 
never happen again. I mean it."
	
"But now Tammy knows. How do I know she won't tell anyone?"
	
And then, Tammy spoke up for the first time. "I won't."
	
"That's right", Janice piped up. "She won't tell anybody. Honest"
	
I looked at both at them. Janice with her blue eyes, red from crying, 
and Tammy with those deep brown eyes, both looked at me very intently.
	
"There's just one thing," Janice added, "Tammy wants to watch me play 
with your cock and see it cum, too." 
	
"And," Tammy started to speak again.
	
"And what?", I asked.
	
"I was wondering if I could touch it, too. See how hard it is, and if 
it's as big as Janice says it is."
	
I was very confused at that moment. I didn't know what to do next. The 
thought of two young pairs of hands playing with my cock was a big 
turn-on, I had to admit. But it also doubled the risk that the word 
would get out, that we'd be caught, and I'd be in big trouble. Yet, the 
thought of what it would be like to get jerked off by two young girls 
was an exciting prospect, and my cock was beginning to swell inside my 
sweatpants.
	
"Look!," said Janice, pointing to my crotch. "It's already getting 
hard!", she said to Tammy who, eyes frozen on my rapidly expanding 
bulge, began to chatter excitedly.
	
"Oh please let me see!", she exclaimed. "The only one I've ever seen if 
my little brother's, and his is so tiny."
	
I threw caution to the wind. "Let's go upstairs", I mumbled. And off I 
went, being followed by the two girls.
	
When we reached the bedroom, Janice asked: "Can we undress you?"
	
I was only wearing a t-shirt and sweatpants, and when I said, "Go 
ahead", Janice immediately began to pull the shirt over my head. Tammy 
just stood there, continually staring at my hidden cock pointing 
straight at her through the material of the sweatpants.
	
"You go ahead", Janice motioned to Tammy. "Pull his pants down."
	

Slowly, Tammy dropped to her knees in front of me, and began slipping 
her small fingers beneath my waistband, grabbing the pants firmly, and 
started tugging my pants down over my hips until my erect cock sprang 
out right before her eyes. The young girl's eyes opened wide, and her jaw
dropped. "Oh my God!",she blurted out. The head of my cock was aimed
right at her face, and she gazed at it in amazement. She was breathless,
and struggled to speak.
	
"See?", asked Janice. "Isn't it big?"
	
Still trying to catch her breath, Tammy replied "Yeah! Way big. Much 
bigger than my brother's." Then she looked at me and said: "It looks 
swollen. Does it hurt?"
	
"It'll hurt if it doesn't get some attention soon," I said, looking at 
Janice. Janice was proud of herself. I guess everything she had told 
Tammy turned out to be true.
	
"Come on, lay down on the bed", she said to me, "and let me show Tammy 
how to jerk a guy off."
	
I wasted no time climbing on top of the bed, with the girls on either 
side of me. Janice just beamed with pride, Tammy just stared at my 
engorged organ. Then, Janice proceeded to play teacher. She reached for my
erection and lifted it until it pointed straight up. "This is a penis", she
said, very seriously, "but we call it your cock, don't we?" she said,
winking at me. "Watch what happens when I let it go." She released my
cock, and it bounced a little like a springboard until it stopped. Both girls
giggled. "Isn't that the coolest thing?", Janice asked Tammy.
	
"Do it again!" said Tammy, urging her friend on. And again, Janice lifted
my erection and let it go. Boing!
	
"Can I try it?, asked the younger girl. Tammy reached for my dick very 
delicately, and gently lifted it to its full upright position, and then 
let it slip out of her tiny fingers, causing it to bounce several times.
Then, Janice showed her how if she gave it a little nudge, it would 
swing back and forth over my stomach. It wasn't long before both girls 
were pushing it back and forth toward each other, almost like it was a 
game of ping-pong. This only served to make my cock twitch and grow 
harder. Janice squeezed the shaft, and felt its firmness.
	
The older girl offered it to the younger one. "Go on, squeeze it. Feel 
how hard it is now." 

With that, Tammy took her hand and wrapped her fingers around my cock,
squeezing it until the head began to mushroom outward. "God, it IS 
hard!"  Janice began to explain to her young friend all about erections, 
and how men's cocks have to get hard in order for them to stick them in 
women's vaginas so they could have sex.
	
With that, I noticed that Tammy instinctively reached for her crotch, 
almost protectively, saying: "All that?? Fits in..." she let go of her 
crotch..."you know...down there???"
	
I suppressed a laugh, explaining to the girls that when a young girl 
matures, her vagina grows. When a young woman has sex, her vagina 
expands to accept a man's erect penis. They both looked a little 
relieved at that information.
	
Janice then showed Tammy my balls, letting them roll around in her 
fingers so the younger girl could feel for herself how round they were 
inside my scrotum. "They feel like marbles." Impatiently, Tammy asked
her friend, "When are you going to do it to him? You know...make the stuff
come out?"
	
Janice looked at me, and said: "Is it okay? Can I show Tammy how I make 
you cum?" I just nodded. Janice began to show her friend how to stroke a
cock, how to grip it, how I liked to have it rubbed slowly at first, and then 
to go faster and faster.
	
"Look at his face, Tammy. See how he's breathing real hard? That means 
he's gonna cum soon?"
	
"Cum?", asked Tammy.
	
"That's when he shoots his sperm out of the end of his cock!", Janice 
explained. "Watch, he's gonna do it any minute down."
	
I was about to come. Young Tammy leaned in to get a close look at the 
head of my cock. With her face close to my cock, she was about to take a 
full blast, and her face would be drenched in the hot, white goo that 
was about to erupt.
	
Then, suddenly, I heard a car door slamming, and I knew by the sound of 
the footsteps who it was.
	
"My wife's home!" I said in a panic, scrambling to get off the bed and 
to get my clothes on. "Quick, you've got to hide." The only place where 
I could comfortable hide both girls was in the big walk-in closet, and I 
rushed them into the closet, while at the same time struggling to get at 
least my sweatpants on. I could hear my wife come through the front 
door, and start heading upstairs. I was able to get the closet door 
closed somewhat - though it was still slightly ajar - and pull my 
sweatpants up. just in time to fall back on the bed, face down, as my 
wife came into the room.

Part Two

	I tried to act cool and calm when my wife walked in, hoping that she 
wouldn't walk to the closet and find the girls.
	
We both spoke at the same time. "What are you doing home from work so 
early?", I asked. 

"What are you doing in bed so early?", she wanted to know.
	
She answered first. "I forgot my identification card. You know how the 
hospital is about security these days. They won't let anybody near the 
ER unless they have ID or they are wearing a patient's bracelet. How 
about you? Are you feeling okay?", she asked with a quizzical look on 
her face.
	
Casually, now that my erection had subsided somewhat, I rolled over and 
- faking a yawn - replied, "Just a little tired, honey, I wanted to take 
a little nap."
	
I guess my erection hadn't subsided enough because as I rolled over, my 
wife spied the still significant bulge in my pants. Grinning, she said: 
"Looks like you must have been having a hell of a dream, too!" I started 
to speak when she quickly jumped on the bed saying, "I've got a couple 
of minutes...how about a quickie?" Before I knew it, she had reached the 
waistband of my sweats, and yanked them down to my knees. Having
almost reached orgasm only a few minutes earlier, it didn't take long for
my cock to spring back to its full erect length, pre-cum oozing from the 
tip. My wife immediately bent down to lick the droplets from the head of 
my cock. "You know I can't resist sucking your cock when it's in this 
condition."
	
Kneeling between my legs, my wife began to lick up and down the length of
my cock for a minute, then proceeded to lick all around the head 
before plunging deeply halfway down the shaft. Out of the corner of my 
eye, I could see the closet door. It was beginning to open just a little 
bit and there were the girls peeking out, their eyes wide, as they 
watched my wife giving me a blowjob. Their eyes were glued to my wife's 
stretched mouth engulfing my cock, her head slowly rising up almost to 
the head then slowly making the trip downward. Up and down, up and down, 
licking with her tongue, sucking with her lips, making slurping and 
humming sounds as she performed oral sex, unknowingly, before two young 
witnesses. My wife enjoys giving me head and swallowing my load when I 
come, and I knew that's exactly what she was intending to do. The entire 
time she was sucking my cock, I could see the girls looking through the 
partially opened closet door watching my wife take inch after inch of my 
swollen dick into her mouth, obviously enjoying herself. For sure, this 
was the first blowjob they had ever witnessed. More than likely, it was 
a totally new concept to them. As they watched, they would occasionally 
turn to give each other a look of total shock, mouths open, and eyes 
wide. As though hypnotized, they would then look back at the scene 
playing before them on the bed.
	
I was getting close to exploding in her mouth when the phone rang. We 
chose to ignore it, but the answering machine picked it up, and we heard 
the frantic voice of her supervisor on the other end saying, "Sharon, if 
you haven't already left yet, please get in here right away. There's 
been a terrible bus accident, and we've got dozens of injured in ER. We 
need all the staff we can get in here as soon as possible."
	
My wife, the ever-dedicated nurse, looked up at me and said, "Honey, 
I'm sorry. You heard. It's an emergency. I've got to go." She got up, 
grabbed her ID, and headed for the door. Looking at me, she said, "I owe 
you. Don't finish that before I get back." With a wink and a grin, she 
left.
	
I just lay there for a minute feeling frustration. That was the second 
time I was on the brink of shooting my wad and being interrupted. Then 
it hit me - THE GIRLS! I got up and walked over to the closet and opened 
the door. The girls just stood there speechless.
	
"God, I'm sorry, girls," I said, "I didn't mean for you to be in there 
all that time."
	
Janice just looked at me and said: "What was your wife DOING to you? 
She had your cock in her...MOUTH!!" I didn't quite know what to say, but 
I decided to try and explain when Janice continued. "It was like she had 
her lips locked around your cock, and she was moving her head up and 
down, just like what my hand does when I jerk you off. Is that what she 
was doing? Jerking you off with her mouth?"
	
I collected my thoughts and explained to the girls about oral sex, that 
most men like to have a woman's mouth on their penises because the 
warmth and moistness is a lot like a woman's vagina.
	
Then Janice said, "But, if she kept that up...you would've cum in her 
mouth! You looked like you were about to shoot your cum. Were you going 
to cum in her mouth?!?"
	
I told her that I was about to cum and yes, I was going to cum in my 
wife's mouth. But I explained that it was something my wife enjoyed very 
much.
	
"But why?", asked Janice. "Why would she want cum in her mouth?"
	
All this time, Tammy had been standing there listening without saying a 
word. Finally she said: "When are we going to see him shooting his 
stuff?"
	
I looked at Janice. "Do you still want to show Tammy how to make a man 
cum?"
	
"Do you still want me to? Is it okay? Your wife won't come back again, 
will she?"
	
I told her it was okay, and we picked up where we left off. My cock,
which had begun to shrink a few minutes earlier, was now at full mast 
again. With all this teasing I had been through today, I knew it would 
only take a minute or two before the semen would rise up the length of 
my erection, and explode out of the head of my cock. Janice began to 
stroke my rod with fervor as little Tammy watched with excitement.
	
"Is it going to happen?," Tammy asked, "Is he gonna shoot soon?"
	
"Uh-huh", said Janice, as she stroked my cock up and down with 
ever-increasing speed. Young Tammy was beside herself as she waited to 
see Janice stroke my cock until I blasted cum all over the three of us. 
I knew the moment was near as I could feel my cum rising from my balls 
and up to the head of my dick.
	
Suddenly, catching me totally by surprise, Janice leaned forward and 
put my cock in her small mouth and began bobbing her head up and down 
just the way she had seen my wife do earlier. I didn't have time to 
protest. Instantly, my cock exploded in her mouth, spewing cum in her 
mouth, down to the back of her throat, as she swallowed as hard as she 
could. I was sure she would stop and spit out her first taste of cum, 
but she surprised me again. With her eyes closed tight, she continued 
bobbing her head and sucking my cock until the final blast hit the roof 
of her mouth.
	
Tammy just sat on the bed looking at Janice, in shock, with her mouth 
wide open. I laid there staring at Janice, in shock, with my mouth wide 
open. Then Janice lifted her head, wiped her lips, and looked at me with 
a big grin on her face.
	
"If your wife can do it, so can I", she bragged. "Besides, I wanted to 
see what it tasted like." She thought for a minute. "Sorta sweet and 
salty at the same time."
	
Just then, we both noticed that Tammy was starting to cry.
	
"What's wrong, Tam?" asked Janice.
	
Tammy sniffed and whined, "I didn't get to see him shoot!"

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....