Copyright © 1998,    Schulzie.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.









Janice's Final Lesson (The Final Chapter) M/f; m/f; M/F; teen, exhib

by Schulzie

Part One

    Fourteen year old Janice had become a superb expert at the art of 
handjobs and blowjobs under my close instruction. Her natural curiosity 
about sex was what had led us to the point where she now felt confident 
to practice all that she had learned on some of the boys in the 
neighborhood. Though she still continued to stroke my cock to orgasm or 
let me explode in her mouth from time to time, she seemed more 
interested in showing off her skills for some of her boyfriends. I'm 
sure they were more than happy to receive the pleasures she could now 
bestow upon them with the talent she had developed with my help.

    Janice would visit from time to time; sometimes to jerk me off or suck 
my dick to orgasm. Other times she would visit to give me an update on 
her latest escapade with one of the boys in the neighborhood. She would 
tell me of some of her make-out sessions, how she would get guys worked 
up and end things by stroking their adolescent cocks to orgasm. If she 
really liked the guy, she might consent to sucking their teenaged cocks 
until they came in her mouth. They always seemed amazed that she 
willingly swallowed their cum without any coaxing on their part. It 
seemed Janice had more boyfriends than she could handle.

    On one visit to my house, Janice told me of what had happened the night 
before.

    "You know Billy McCoy, the guy that lives across the street from me?", 
she asked.

    "You mean the real big guy, the one who plays on the high school 
football team?", I inquired.

    "Yeah, that's the one," she replied. "Well, he and I were making out 
and stuff. He's really a great kisser. His tongue was all over the 
inside of my mouth. God, I was so hot!", she said. It was obvious that 
in a few short months, Janice had developed quite an appreciation for 
sex. "Anyway," she continued, "he started playing with my boobs over my 
shirt and then reached down and started to feel my pussy through my 
jeans. I stopped him. I'm still not ready to go all the way yet, you 
know. That's a big step. But I wanted to make sure he didn't go away 
unhappy. I unzipped his pants and took out his cock. Jesus, it was 
huge!" Her eyes widened when she said this. "It's even bigger than 
yours!" I chuckled to myself at this, knowing fully that I'm just an 
average guy in size. She had now discovered her first real monster cock.

    "How big was he?", I asked, out of curiosity.

    "It had to be at least 8, maybe even 9 inches long. And it felt as 
though it was about as thick as my wrist."

    She seemed as though she was in a trance as she continued describing 
Billy's huge cock. "And his balls!", she continued, "they were 
absolutely gigantic!"  Obviously Billy was well equipped.

    "Well, I started to jerk him off, just like the way I jerk you off", 
she said, "only his cock is so big, it was hard to get my whole hand 
around it...I had to use both my hands to get a good grip on it.  I was 
stroking his cock as hard and as fast as I could. I wanted to see how 
much cum would shoot out of that huge thing. But I couldn't play with 
his balls at the same time like I do with you because I needed both 
hands to jerk him off. So, I bent over and began to lick his balls as I 
stroked his cock. God, he really loved that. He went crazy pumping his 
hips as I stroked his cock. I was sure he was gonna cum the way he was 
moving. Then he stopped. I thought I had done something wrong. He said, 
'If you keep doin' that, I'm gonna cum before I get inside your pussy!' 
I got really scared. I told him that I'm still a virgin and I wasn't 
ready to go all the way yet. He told me I was bullshitting him, that no 
virgin could jerk a guy off that good. I said that I had learned about 
handjobs and blowjobs so I wouldn't have to lose my virginity until I 
was good and ready. Well, when I said 'blowjob', he got this big grin on 
his face, and asked, 'Do you suck dick?' I nodded. Then he said, 'Well, 
lots of girls have tried to suck my dick, but none of them get very far 
because my cock is too big for their mouths.'
Well, I could see how girls might have a problem with that. His cock is 
just...so BIG!"

    I was totally fascinated with her story. I had to hear the rest. "So, 
what happened?"

    "He looked at me, still grinning", she said as she continued the story, 
" and I asked him what was so funny. He said to me, 'How would you like 
to go to the prom with me?' I said, 'Sure.' He said, 'All you have to do 
is be the first girl to suck me off and let me cum in her mouth...and 
then it's you and me, baby.'"

    "Did you?", I asked.

    "I really wanted to go to the prom with him, so I said, 'I'll try', and 
then I started licking all over the head of his cock, hoping I could 
make it wet enough it would slip right in. All the time I was licking 
the head of his cock, he was moaning and running his fingers through my 
hair and begging me to put it in my mouth. I was thinking it was 'now or 
never' so I opened my mouth as wide as I could and started to push my 
mouth down on his cock. I had to stretch my mouth wide and push down on 
it just to get the head in. When I did, he went 'aahhh', and said that 
was the first time any girl had made it that far. Problem was, now that 
the head of his cock was in my mouth, there wasn't room left for much 
more. I pushed down a little bit more, one...maybe two more inches, 
that's all I could manage. I was able to move up and down on his cock 
very slowly, and I could tell by the sounds he was making he was really 
into it."

    As I listened to Janice, I began to think that I had created a monster. 
She seemed determined to suck a guy off, regardless of the obstacles. I 
asked her, "Did you make him cum in your mouth?"

    "Wait, I'm getting to that," she said. So I started bobbing my head up 
and down the best I could, but I didn't think that would be enough to 
make him cum. While I was bobbing and sucking on his cock, I started to 
move my tongue around the head like crazy. That did it. He was pumping 
and grinding his hips real fast now. I knew he was about to shoot off in 
my mouth, and we'd go to the prom together, and..."

    With that, Janice began to cry. "What's wrong?", I asked her. "Why are 
you crying? Didn't you get him to cum in your mouth?"

    Janice sniffed a little bit longer. Then she said, "I tried. I tried 
really hard. I thought he was gonna cum any second. Then he grabbed my 
head and started...he...began...well, he started fucking my mouth. He 
rammed his cock all the way to that back of my throat. Just as he was 
about to come, I pulled off. He started cumming all over my face, and I 
threw up all over him. I couldn't help it...I gagged when the head of 
his cock touched the back of my throat. And then I felt his cum 
splashing all over my face, in my eyes, up my nose...Oh God, then I 
puked all over his pants. He kept shouting at me, 'You little bitch, you 
little bitch' I kept telling him I was sorry, and he looked at me and 
said, 'Deals off. I ain't taking no goddamned puking bitch to the 
prom!', and then...", she began crying some more.

    I hugged her, and told her not to think about that damned bastard 
anymore. I comforted her as best I could.

Part Two

    Shortly before her 15th birthday, Janice came around for another visit. 
This time her mood was upbeat, and I could tell she was very excited 
about something. "What's up, buttercup", I asked.

    "I think I'm in love", she said in all her bubbly excitement.

    "Great," I replied, "who's the lucky guy?"

    "Tom Martin!"

    "You mean that good-looking kid, the life guard at the swim club?"

    Janice jumped up and down. "Yes, and he is so sweet! He's the nicest 
guy I've ever met...I mean besides you. At least he's the nicest guy 
around my age I've ever met."

    "Well great," I responded.

    "And you know what else?"  she asked. "This is the guy I want to go all 
the way with...you know, lose my virginity with."

    "Are you sure?", I asked. "Do you really love him that much?"

    "Yes, I'm sure." Then she stopped for a second. I knew Janice well 
enough by now to know she was about to ask me a tough question. "There's 
just one thing...I'm not sure what to do when it happens, you 
know...when it comes to actually...doing IT!"

    I resisted the temptation to laugh. "Janice, honey. Nature will be your 
guide. You'll figure it out. And Tom will be there to help," I added.

    But Janice interrupted me. "You don't understand. I think Tom is a 
virgin, too. He's very shy about making out, and I don't want to rush 
him. He is sooooo sweet. He's not about to be ready for me to give him a 
handjob or a blowjob. I want him to make the moves, but I want to be 
prepared to let him lead the way, and I was wondering if you could help 
me with that."

    "What do you mean?", I wanted to know.

    "Will you show me?"

    "You mean...show you how to make love? You mean, you want ME to make 
love to YOU? You mean, you want me to...to...FUCK you?"

    "No, silly", she said, "that's not what I meant."

    I was confused. "Well, how am I supposed to show you?"

    Janice looked at me shyly. "Well, remember that time when Tammy and I 
were hiding in your closet, and we saw you and your wife, and she was 
sucking your cock?"

    "Yes, I remember."

    "Well, I was thinking I could hide in your closet again some night when 
you and your wife are having sex and watch the whole thing from 
beginning to end."

    "You want to hide out in my closet and watch while I fuck my wife? You 
might be in their a long time. Besides, how will I sneak you in and out? 
What if you have to go to the bathroom? What if you make a noise? She 
might hear you."

    Janice looked down sadly. "I guess it was a dumb idea."

    I looked at her. I started to feel a little guilty. After all, it was I 
who had led her on her education path in sex. It was I who had taught 
her to jerk a guy off. And it was I that she gave her first blowjob to, 
even though I wasn't expecting it. And I much as I would love to be the 
first guy to sample that tight little pussy of hers, I couldn't actually 
bring myself to take her cherry from her. But if I thought there was a 
way I could show her how a man and woman make love, I'd do it.

    Then...an idea hit me. "Janice," I said, "you just might get your 
wish."

Part Three

    Getting my wife to make love with me in front of a young girl was not 
going to be an easy trick to pull off. I knew she wouldn't go for it 
unless...she didn't realize we were being watched. But I had a plan. And 
I was going to make it work.

    The next day over breakfast I said to my wife, Sharon, "You know, 
Janice has a birthday coming up in a few weeks."

    Now, Janice and my wife had become "buddies" as Janice was growing up, 
and they used to have a lot of "girl talks" over the years, so I knew 
Sharon would probably know about the birthday.

    "Yeah," said Sharon, "the big 15."

    I said, "I was thinking, maybe we could do something for her...you 
know, for her birthday."

    "What did you have in mind, a party?"

    "No. I was thinking that maybe we could take her to the beach with us 
that weekend. We've been talking about going to the beach for a weekend, 
haven't we? Well, let's go the weekend of her birthday."

    Sharon looked at me like I was crazy. At least, that's what I thought 
she was thinking.

    "That's a great idea." I breathed a sigh of relief. "That will give 
Janice and I a chance to do some shopping on the boardwalk, and I can 
catch up on what's been going on in her life, you know it seems so long 
since she and I have had a good heart to heart, and...", she trailed on 
as I began to think about how to pull off the next phase in the plan.

    I began to think about how the next part of the plan would play out. I 
came up with some ideas and told Janice what I was planning and told her 
to play along.

    The big weekend came. We all got into the car and headed for the shore 
which took about 5 hours. We had gotten off to a late start so by the 
time we got to the beach, it was getting kind of late. We checked into 
the motel and headed for the room. We only got one room. Janice took one 
bed. My wife and I shared the other. While my wife was getting ready in 
the bathroom, I began to test part of my plan. I readjusted the curtains 
to make sure there would be enough light in the room for Janice to be 
able to see our bed fairly clearly in the dark.  I turned off the lights 
and asked Janice if she could see me as I lay in the bed next to her. 
"Perfect", she whispered.

    I knew nothing was going to happen tonight, but this was all a set-up 
for tomorrow night.

    The next morning, we all prepared for a day on the beach. We all took 
off for the sand and the surf, and found a little place, somewhat 
secluded, at the far end of the beach. We all took a dip in the ocean, 
and headed for the blankets we had layed out to catch some rays.

    After a few minutes, I looked over at Janice and winked. This was her 
cue to say she was going to get something to drink at the food stand, 
and she asked if she could get us something while she was there. I gave 
her some money and sent her on her merry way to get us some drinks. 
While Janice was gone, I began to kiss and caress Sharon very gently as 
we layed side by side on the blanket. Since there was nobody nearby, I 
took the liberty of letting my lingering caresses travel around her 
body, teasing her, letting her anticipate where my fingers and hands 
would go next. I was trying to get her as horny as possible. I let my 
fingers trace circles around her breasts without really touching them. I 
began to do the same in the vicinity of her crotch, letting my hands 
graze over her mound lightly. I knew I was driving her crazy. We were 
far enough away from people that I could get away with what I was doing, 
yet too close to be much bolder. All of this teasing was getting her 
worked up especially since right before I stopped I let my fingers give 
her slit a firm rub, with a bit of pressure right on her clit. Sharon 
looked at me and said, "Jesus, you are driving me mad. If I could, I'd 
fuck you right here on the beach."

    We all spent a good portion of the rest of the day out on the beach. 
Later, Sharon and Janice decided to stroll the boardwalk, looking at the 
shops, and chatting. When we all returned to the motel room later, 
everyone was a little tired from our day in the sun.  I asked the girls 
where they wanted to go for dinner. Janice begged off from dinner saying 
she just wanted to take a nap. I asked her if she minded if Sharon and I 
went to got a bite to eat,  and that we would pick something up for her. 
She didn't mind at all; it was part of the plan.

    Sharon and I headed down the road to a quiet little restaurant/lounge 
and ordered dinner and drinks. I knew how Sharon behaved after a few 
drinks, so I made sure she had a few tall ones before, during and after 
dinner. All the time we were there, I sat next to her in the booth, 
kissing her neck, stroking her upper legs and inner thighs, teasing her 
into a minor frenzy. I could feel her heat and smell that womanly aroma 
coming from her pussy. She was hot, and I knew she'd be so horny when we 
got back to the motel that we'd be putting on quite a little show for 
Janice. Sharon's natural passions increased after a little alcohol and I 
could tell by her tipsy behavior that she was ready. All the way back to 
the motel, I played with her legs under her skirt, running my finger up 
and down her slit through her panties, and rubbing little circles around 
her engorged clit. The crotch of her panties were soaked.

    When we got back to the motel, we had to be quiet because Janice was 
"asleep." At least she was doing a mighty fine job of pretending. 
"Shhhh," Sharon said, "we can't be too loud or Janice will wake up."

    I realized exactly what Sharon had in mind. She was determined to make 
love even with Janice sleeping in the bed next to us. She stumbled over 
to our bed and pulled the covers back. As I approached Sharon, she gave 
me a warm embrace and whispered in my ear, "I hope you won't be 
embarrassed about fucking with Janice in the room, but the way you've 
got me worked up, I need THIS real bad, honey." With that, she reached 
down and grabbed my cock through my pants and began to rub it into a 
solid erection. She began undressing me, checking on Janice as she did 
to make sure she was still "asleep."
Janice laid there, still and quiet, as Sharon unbuttoned my shirt, 
removing it as she began to kiss my chest and run her tongue around my 
nipples. I glanced over at Janice who had turned her head just a little 
bit. I could see Janice's eyes wide open as Sharon dropped to her knees 
and began undoing my pants. There was just enough light in the room 
coming from the gap in the curtains for Janice to get a clear view of 
Sharon undressing me. Janice quickly shut her eyes when Sharon looked 
over again one more time. When Sharon had freed my hardened cock from my 
briefs, she immediately plunged her mouth over it and began sliding my 
cock ever so softly and slowly in and out of her mouth. Cocksucking was 
always one of Sharon's sexual strengths, even in our early days 
together. She was the master of the fine art of sucking my cock to 
orgasm and she never had any qualms about swallowing my load without 
missing a drop. But I could tell she had no intention of having me cum 
in her mouth tonight. She wanted my cock in her pussy and was merely 
hardening me up for fucking her cunt.

    I looked over at Janice who by now was staring at Sharon's mouth as my 
wife was steadily moving her head back and forth on my cock. Sharon 
continued to tease me with her wet lips and tongue as her head moved up 
and down the length of my cock. Janice and I made eye contact. I winked 
at her and she smiled back as Sharon began to take me deeper into her 
mouth. After a few more minutes, Sharon stopped, stood up and began to 
undress herself. As she did, she leaned over and whispered, "I know we 
have to be quiet, but I want you to fuck the hell out of me."

    She climbed into bed and slid over to the side closest to Janice's bed, 
checking one more time to see if Janice was asleep. Janice, of course, 
quickly shut her eyes. "God, she really must be sound asleep. I think we 
can get away with it and she'll never know", said Sharon as she pulled 
me over to her. Sharon was a woman who needed a fuck in the worst way, 
and she began to kiss me passionately. I returned the kisses, teasing 
her tongue with mine. Our tongues darted back and forth inside one 
another's mouths, and I began to flick my tongue in her mouth the same 
way I use it when I go down on her pussy. The power of suggestion was so 
strong, Sharon grabbed my hand and put it right on top of her pussy 
mound, mashing my fingers right into her slit. I began to slowly run my 
fingers up and down her slit, giving her clit a little flick each time 
my fingers reached it. Sharon began to moan a little. From the other 
bed, I could see Janice watching us, her eyes focused on my hand as I 
rubbed Sharon's pussy and clit. I thought I could detect Janice's hand 
moving beneath her covers as I continued petting Sharon's wet pussy. I 
took my mouth off of Sharon's mouth and began kissing her neck as my 
middle finger invaded her swollen cunt. By now, Sharon was in the middle 
of a mild frenzy, and I hadn't even begun to toy with her yet. Janice 
was staring at me as I slowly worked my way down Sharon's neck and began 
kissing her breasts, as I continued working my finger slowly in and out 
of her pussy.

    By now, I think Sharon was in such a charged state that she was no 
longer aware of Janice's presence in the room. I took her nipple into my 
mouth and began gently sucking on it, pulling it into my mouth and 
giving the tip of her nipple little nibbles as I would release it. I 
made little circles around her nipple, followed by a few firm flicks of 
my tongue before drawing it back into my mouth again. I then went to the 
other nipple and repeated the procedure. Sharon was emitting deep moans 
as I teased her nipples with my mouth as my finger was still moving 
slowly in and out of her pussy. I glanced over at Janice who had pulled 
her covers back and pulled up her nightie. Her breasts were bare and for 
the first time since I had known Janice, I saw her tits. They were well 
developed  for a 15 year old girl, and she was playing and twisting her 
nipples as I worked on Sharon's. I had secretly hoped to be able to 
touch Janice the way she was touching herself right now in front of me. 
Obviously, Janice was getting worked up watching me make love to Sharon.

    I changed positions and began to snake my tongue from Sharon's breasts, 
slowly, tantalizingly down her tummy toward her pussy. As I did, I saw 
Janice stop teasing her own nipples and watch me as my tongue made a 
trail toward Sharon's cunt.  Janice must have known that I was planning 
on licking Sharon's pussy, and I think Janice was very curious about how 
a man perfroms oral sex on a woman. Janice had become an expert on 
blowjobs, and I suppose she wanted to see how the other half lives.

    I began licking Sharon's inner thighs, right near where the legs meet 
the rest of the body. I teased Sharon by grazing over her mound as I wen 
back and forth between her left thigh and right thigh. Out of the corner 
of my eye. I could see Janice watching intently as I teased Sharon ever 
so slowly. After a few minutes, Sharon could take no more. "Eat me," she 
pleaded. "Lick my pussy. Please lick my pussy."

    Sharon reached down and separated her pussy lips, opening herself up to 
me to be completely devoured. I was still in no hurry. I lightly run my 
tongue up one pussy lip and down the other, reversing the trip, all the 
time avoiding her clit and vagina. "Lick me, lick me..." Sharon began 
chanting softly. Janice leaned forward from where she was laying, 
watching my tongue continue to tease Sharon's pussy unmercifully. Then I 
plunged my tongue into her pussy as far as I could, soaking up Sharon's 
hot sweet pussy juice. Sharon let out a grunt that surely would've woken 
Janice up had she been asleep. But Sharon was lost in her own private 
erotic world, oblivious to her surroundings, only knowing that her pussy 
was being penetrated by my tongue. I fucked her pussy hole, in and out, 
keeping my tongue firm. Sharon raised her hips and spread her legs wider 
to allow me to plunge even deeper into her. Janice had pulled the covers 
back even more to reveal her own pussy as she began to rub her lightly 
covered mound as she watched me stabbing Sharon's vaginal opening with 
my tongue.

    Though Sharon and I had never had anal sex before, I knew she was 
someone sensitive in that area. I lifted her legs up and shifted my 
tongue from her pussy to her asshole, stabbing it the same way I had 
just been stabbing at her pussy. Sharon went crazier as I did and so did 
Janice. Janice began spreading her pussy lips with her fingers and 
started to rub her clit with the tip of her forefinger which she had 
moistened with the tip of her tongue.

    Then it was time to get serious. I pulled my tongue away from Sharon's 
asshole and traced a slow little path from her asshole to her vagina, 
from her vagina up between her pussy lips all the way to her clit. I 
gave her clit a few tentative little flicks of my tongue and then... I 
began lapping away at her clit like there was no tomorrow. With that, 
Sharon moaned, "Yessss, right there, that's it! Lick my clit!" She then 
let out a little squeal which raised in pitch as I began to pick up the 
tempo of my tongue's little dance on her swollen clit. Sharon grabbed a 
pillow and covered her face to muffle her noise as she began to scream 
uncontrollably. Janice was busy rubbing her own clit as she watched me 
lick at Sharon's. Sharon began biting her pillow as she grabbed my head 
forcing my mouth and tongue down harder on her pussy. I was struggling 
to breathe and keep my tongue going as she ground her pussy into my 
face. Sharon was a woman possessed. She pushed the pillow off her face 
and pulled my face off her pussy. She grabbed my arms and began yanking 
me up to her. "I want you inside me. Now. Fuck me!"

    I climbed on top of her and placed the head of my cock at the entrance 
to her pussy. I teased her by rubbing the head of my cock up and down 
her slit, touching her clit each time, then sliding the head into her 
pussy and quickly withdrawing. Sharon was beside herself as I teased 
her. "Damn it. Put it in. Give me your cock."

    And then I slid my cock into her pussy. Her cunt muscles immediately 
closed around my cock as I began to slide in and out. I knew it wouldn't 
take long. Sharon was on the verge of cumming while I was licking her 
clit only moments before. I shifted forward so the base of my cock was 
rubbing right up against her clit and began a slow and steady stroke in 
and out of her pussy. 

    I looked over at Janice who was now fingering her own pussy at the same 
speed I was fucking Sharon's pussy. Janice's eyes were looking at me, 
but they were glazed over and I knew Janice was quickly approaching 
orgasm herself.

    I reached under and lifted Sharon's legs, picking up the pace of my 
fucking, and began to bring Sharon closer to orgasm. Janice's fingers 
kept pace with my cock's motions as she fingered her hole with one 
finger and rubbed her clit with her other hand.

    Sharon's legs began to spasm and her breath became heavy and labored. I 
knew she was about to come. "Yes, yes", Sharon started off whispering, 
but she got louder as her climax approached. Janice began mouthing 
silent little "yesses" as she got ready to orgasm. I pulled out all the 
stops and began fucking cunt furiously to take her over the edge. And 
then she came. "Yesssssss...I'm cummmming! Oh God, yes. Don't stop!" 
Sharon screamed, apparently not caring if Janice heard or not. I looked 
Janice right in the eye as Sharon was cumming. Then Janice began to cum 
hard, her fingers working madly on her pussy and clit,her legs raised a 
little, her hips rotating. The sensation of Sharon cumming beneath me 
and the sight of little Janice's own self-induced orgasm brought me to 
the brink. I starting cummin harder than I ever had before. I could feel 
the cum rise from my cock and began spraying the inside of Sharon's 
pussy, coating her cervix as spurt after spurt came flying out of my 
cock. Time seemed to stand still as all three of us climaxed 
simultaneously.

    But then reality set in. Janice became aware that Sharon and I were 
just about finished. She quickly covered herself back up and pretended 
to be asleep. Sharon and I just collapsed in each other's arms, totally 
spent from the fantastic fucking we had just finished. After a couple of 
minutes, Sharon became aware of what we had just done with Janice only a 
few feet away. "Oh my God, do you think she heard us?"

    I looked over at Janice who was still breathing a little heavily. I 
leaned over to Sharon and said, "I think Janice is having her own little 
sweet dreams." 



    















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....