	My Morning.


	I'd been horned out all morning. I'm recently unemployed, so I've
got nothing but time. Hanging out in just a tie-dye shirt and beat-up high
top sneakers, I stroked my bone lazily while watching tv. I had my last
sip of morning coffee and got some dope, smoking three hits off my bong.
My dick reacted immediately, getting a little harder as the stoned feeling
worked its way through my body. I was ready to go wild.
	I went to my bedroom closet where my sex toys were. I had used my
two dildos yesterday, and they were wrapped up in a towel, shit stains
still on them. One is about 7 1/2 " long and was a vibrator, but the motor
doesn't work anymore. The other one is about 6 1/2", but real thick, and
it has balls attached and a flat base. I got some suntan oil and my bottle
of Slippery Stuff (that's really the name), which is really slippery for
fucking, but dries up and gets gummy when you jerk off with it. That's
what the suntan oil was for.) I also brought the towel and my basketball.
	I put on a porno movie and laid out the towel over my rug. I got
down on one knee, opening my hole. I played with the shithole, stickin my
finger in and pulling it out, sucking it clean, tasting that stinky fuckin
pussy. Yeah, I was gonna get real fuckin faggy today, I thought. The movie
I watched was that hot scene where Jon King gets fuckin plowed by Kip
Noll. I lubed up my finger with more spit and shoved it in my hungry hole,
diggin up my tunnel.
	My assmouth was pulsing, sucking my finger in deeper, begging for
more. I couldn't wait anymore. I got the longer dildo, greased it up, and
put it up against my hole. "Come on, fuck me, stud," I said to the
imaginary kid about to shove in to me. My asshole was sucking at the head
of the dildo, wanting more, more of that kid's greasy naked dick. I moan
as I slowly push the plastic dick inside me. Once I'm past the tight ring,
it slides in deep.
	Now completely on my knees, I sit back on my sneakers, and let the
dildo slide out until it's base was on the towel. There was still about
four inches in me, and I kept it there as I lit up a cigarette, and
greased up my cock with some suntan oil. I usually keep one hand dry, so I
can light cigarettes, get something to drink, or answer the phone
(yikes!).
	I sit back on the dildo and shove it in as deep as I can. I start
bouncing up and down, fucking myself with the plastic dick, really feeling
that cock up in me, sliding in and out.
	I lean forward and fuck myself hard for a while, before yanking
the dildo out of my ass. It leaves my queer pussy with a slurp.
	Bringing it to my face, I take a big sniff. There's a little shit
on it, which makes me even hotter as I put the head of it back to my pussy
lips, ready to fuck myself some more.
	All the way in, all the way out. Fuckin doin' myself. Giving up my
greasy fag hole, just to get myself off.
	I needed more. I yanked the dildo hard from my fuckin hole, and
laid it down on the towel. Getting the Slippery Stuff, I greased up dildo
number two, the fat one. It's got a big head, and ridges as you go down. I
gotta take this one a little slower, and I press the head against my lubed
fucked hole. I'm sweating like crazy. The head pops in (that's always the
toughest part), and I slowly push in, each ridge stretching that shit
tunnel as it goes in. I push out on my asshole, so it slides in easier,
filling up that hungry pussy.
	Again I lean over, and start fucking myself, just letting go,
until the rubber balls slapped against mine. I get my basketball, roll it
between my legs, and hold the rubber's base to the ball, so I can bounce
up and down, porking myself with this fat queer-fucker. I put my finger up
against my pussy lips, feeling that dick stretching my hole, sliding in
and out of my guts.
	The dildo keeps slipping, so I go back to leaning over with my
head to the floor and grab the base, fucking myself hard, fuckin crazy
hard. I'm so fucking queer for doing this, but I fucking love it. Can't
help it.
	I yank the dildo from my butt, and bring it to my face. There's a
little shit on it, and I put it right back into my hole. I take the base
and spin it around, fuckin screwing my insides. As it spins, I'm slowly
pulling it out until it's free of my tight hole.
	I bring the dildo up to my face, and there's a big streak of shit
on one side, and shit all below the dildo's big head. So fucking pretty,
pretty shit fresh from my asshole, man, I lick it, tasting my shit for the
first time. It tastes kinda nasty, but I'm so fucked in the head, I take
it and fuckin shove it deep into my mouth, sucking the shit off it like a
good fuckin faggot. I eat my shit before plugging my hole again. Again I
spin it around, getting a good fuckin glob of shit covering most of the
head as I let it out, and you know I fuckin suck the turds right off it.
	There's shit on my lips, my tongue, and in my teeth. I sit back on
my feet, shoving the dick back inside me. I go for the final fuck, but I'm
kinda stretched from the fat dick in me. I need the long one, man. I yank
the thing from my hole, put it on the towel, grease up the long one, and
shove it in my fucking fag slot.
	I'm sitting back, fucking myself deep and hard, making it hurt,
wishing it was a real dick, getting ready to paint my fucking insides with
his seed. Yeah, fucking breed me, man, make me your pussy boy, fuck me,
fuck me, yeah, cum in me, buddy, yeah, no fucking rubber, man, sperm me
up, dude...
	I start to cum, hard, and I feel my asshole squeeze the rubber
dick inside me tight, as if it would cum inside me if I tightened up. I
shoot into my hand, and slurp down my creamy load, mixing with my shitty
spit as I swallow.
	Laying back, the dildo still deep inside me, I guess I kinda
passed out. When I awoke about a half hour later, the dildo had planted
itself inside me.  I smelled like shit big time.
	My hole was raw, but I yanked the dildo out anyway, proving to
myself that I could take it.
	
	I washed off my hands, cleaned out my mouth and laid down on the
bed. I thought I would be tired; I almost drifted off to sleep, but my
asshole kept me awake. It was twitching, half from the fucking, but half
from still being horny. After about a half hour of not sleeping, I got up,
took a couple more bong hits, lit a cig, and journeyed to the bathroom.
	I brought the dildos and the asshole grease into the shower, as
well as a cup. I pissed deep yellow into the cup, saving it for later.
	Turning the water on, I let it run from the spout, as I cleaned
the shit off the rubber penises. The warm water quickly turned brown. My
shower's drain runs slow, so the water started to fill up the tub.
	I said to my fag hole, "Fine, I'll fuck you real good this time."
	First the long one. I bent over in the shower, and shoved the
greased dick right up in me. I stood up straight, holding onto that dick
for dear fuckin life before pulling it out. There was still some shit on
it, and I ran it under the warm water, cleaning it off before shoving it
right back in. I was raging hard on my hole, twisting and screwing and
fucking. I was pushing my hole hard, so it would go in deeper, faster,
before I pulled it out again. More shit. I washed it off again, repeating
this procedure until it came out of my ass almost clean. I had fucked
myself open, big time, and then when I pulled it out, shit came pouring
out of my hole, down my leg, and into the warm water below. I reached back
and found a fucking handful of shit on my hole. I couldn't help but keep
fucking myself with all that shit back there.
	I had a washrag, and dipped it in the water to clean off my hole.
I wanted to get down to some deep greasy fucking, and the shit was kinda
getting in the way now. So I cleaned off the dildos, shit a couple of
turds, and cleaned my hole off. It took like five times washing it to get
it clean. Then I took the cup of piss and poured it over my head. I tasted
a good mouthful.
	The water was still running, but began to get a little cold, so I
turned it off. As it drained out, the turds were still in the tub. I was
too buzy shoving the fat dildo inside me to care.
	I bent over so the base of the dildo was up against the side of
the shower, and I could bang myself pretty hard. Then I tried sitting on
the toilet, but I couldn't get a good bounce. I knelt down in the tub and
fucked myself some more, but I couldn't get my legs far enough apart to
get a deep fuck going. Ok, I'm gonna switch dicks again.
	The long one slides easily inside me, and I'm again bouncing up
and down, but the tub is wet and it keeps slipping. I start playing with
it, shoving it in, and then pushing it all the way out with my hole
muscles. I'm getting pretty good at this and shoving it out quick. Shoving
it back in is pretty cool too.
	I sit back and take it all in, real fuckin deep, and just let it
out a little before fucking myself again deep. Just how I like real cock,
deep and hard and fast, layin' dick pipe in me.
	I get a taste of piss dripping from my hair, mixing with my sweat
as I prepared to fuck myself until I came.
	Banging my butt, I was forcing that dick deeper, then pulling it
out to just the head, then fucking myself some more, long and hard.
	I fucked myself raw, for like half an hour, before I shot off.
Again, I filled my hand with sperm, but this time, I pulled the long dick
from my ass, smeared my load on the head, and sucked off the sperm, shit,
and assjuice.
