Morning Coffee
 
    I looked at the morning, newly arrived and lingering, waiting
for me to invite it in.  I unlatched the tall garden windows,
rearranged the geranium pots along the window's ledge, and lit
the pilot under the coffee.
 
    As I sucked the morning mist into my newly awakened lungs, my
doorbell rang.
 
    "Mr.  Langlee?"  A very tall kid, about twenty, stood on the
other side of my front screen door.  He looked familiar, and
handsomely tall in his one-size-fits-all robe.
 
    "I'm Jeff Corley from the apartment next door.  "My plumbing
is being worked on all day and I really need to shower.  Any
chance I can use yours?"
 
    I never think clearly when I first wake up.  This morning I
felt as foggy as my garden.  "Ah, sure, sure you can.  I'm just
getting myself going this morning, so come on in.  Shower's back
there at the end of the hall.  Some coffee?"
 
    His legs were thick and furry, extending from his neck
through to the floor, a very tall, lanky boy.  The robe barely
covered the bulge of his buttocks.  When he walked towards the
shower I could see his firm ass cheeks skip against one
another.  His black hair curled everywhere.
    
    "I take my coffee hot and back.  Sure, I'd love some."
 
    As he disappeared into the bathroom I turned, scratching my
balls, feeling my own dick harden beneath my robe.  A mirror
hangs on a wall down the hallway to the bathroom, about half way
down.  I took a quick look.  I straightened my hair, opened the
robe just a bit, and followed him down to the bathroom.   I heard
the shower.  It never occured to me to knock.
 
    "Shit man.  How about knocking next time?"
 
    My neighbor stood facing me.  A sculptured hard, naked
specimen.  Tall, large chested boy with a hairy chest and high
muscled thighs.  He was holding a steel hard cock in his right
hand: he'd been caught masturbating into the sink!
 
    "Hey Jeff-- I'm sorry, I didn't even think of knocking.  But,
hey, listen fella, don't waste that juice.  There's nothing wrong
with two guys jacking off together-- here, let me help you."  I
set the coffee down on the shower ledge and let my robe fall to
the tiled floor.
 
    "Mister, please, no.  I'm not into other guys and that sort
of sex."  He pulled his large frame back against the sink and his
buttocks cheeks squeezed outward.  His balls were overflowing
with juice.  He stared at my rock hard cock as I stood facing
him, stroking myself slowly, letting him respond-- and he did.
 
    There was a silence.  Jeff's expression was intense.  A
mixture of fear and desire.  He was frightened of the excitement
in his loins as he stood facing another naked man.  His cock was
enormous and thick and throbbing-- bobbing to the right-- ready
to explode.  Slowly, his hands reached for his cock and began to
stroke.
 
    I moved closer, staring straight ahead, meeting his gaze.
 
    Our throbbing cocks touched and Jeff lurched against the
sink.  I placed my hands on his huge muscled thighs and began
exploring him.  My hands cupped his ass and I pulled him closer.
 
    "Get down on the floor and take it in your mouth."  He needed
direction.  To persuade him I fondled his tits and wrenched both
breasts in my hands until he submitted and dropped to his knees.
I directed his beautiful face and mouth onto my cock.  His lips
parted and I filled his mouth and throat, pulling hard and
furiously at his thick, curly hair, slapping him and twisting his
tits again and again.  Muffled sounds of excitement came from his
full mouth.
 
    His hands roamed my fleshy buttocks, fingers discovering
moist, hairy inlets, hands of flesh, muscles tightening and
flexing in response to touch.
 
    I felt my pre-cum ooze into his mouth.  His face burrowed
deeper and with more intensity into my crotch.  He sucked and ate
my crotch ravenously.
 
    I pulled him loose from my cock.  As he lifted up from his
knees, his moist lips slid over my stomach and onto my chest,
then into my armpits.  Standing erect, he pulled me up to his
mouth.  We locked in a passionate kiss.  Every muscle in his body
rippled as I fondled him.  I scraped my hands across his back and
ripped at his flesh.  He was so enormous, yet so submissive; he
whimpered as we unclinched.
 
    "Please mister, my girl friend will know for sure."
 
    His tall, lanky frame was trembling and he continued to hold
a massive, throbbing erection between his legs.
 
    "Get into the bedroom.  There won't be any marks."  He
hesitated, but followed me into the bedroom where I pushed him
down onto the bed.  "Spread those legs, baby.  Daddy wants
inside."
 
    "Oh god, mister.  No, I've never had a man fuck with me
before.  Please don't.  Just let me have your cock again.  I love
your cock."
 
    I positioned myself over him and hunched myself over his
feet.  His ankles were thick, covered with hair and his large
feet were pink and clean like a baby's.  I lifted his right foot
and took his toes into my mouth.  My sucking and warm saliva
brought total submission-- and he was mine.  He lay squirming and
groaning as I devoured both feet and ate my way up his hair
matted legs to his rump.
 
    By the time I reached his asshole he was screaming for me to
fuck him.  His legs opened without command.  His giant ass
puckered and quivered in anticipation.
    
    "Suck my cock.  Lube it up, kid."
 
    He devoured me.  I was ready to screw him, but I pulled out
of his mouth.  Reversing myself, I sat on his begging face and
allowed him to eat, lick and inhale his first man's asshole.
 
    I positioned myself on top of him.  His legs were heavy and
felt like large timbers on my shoulders.  My cock was dripping
with saliva and pre-cum and I began the plunge into the virgin
hole.  He writhed and screamed in pain-- holding his head in his
hands, "No, oh shit.  noooooo!  Stop!  Please Stop."
 
    "Easy, little boy.  Relax, Daddy's going to give his son
babies." I plunged in further and he continued to howl.  I
grabbed his arms and began pumping before he could yank himself
away from me.
 
    "Ohhhhhhh, big baby boy.  Daddy's going to make you happier
than any woman."  Soon his painful groans became a deep, lusty
growling.  He gathered pillows under his back and thighs--
instinctively-- and began pushing into me, begging for me.
 
    Our intensity grew, peaked and leveled, the peaked again.  As
I slowed my plunging, allowing myself to notice his muscled, long
legs darting out to either side in spasms, he begged for more.
He was a kisser and a screamer.  I wanted his first man to be his
best.  I began pounding my cock into his anal canal and buried my
face in his neck cavity.  He was incoherent.  His eyes closed,
drool running from his mouth.  His armpits were moist and sweat
dripped from our attached bodies.
 
    "Oh, shit. I'm coming, mister.  Oh, no fuckin' shit.  I'm
coming. Oh, Daddy, I'm coming."
 
    I took his left tit into my mouth.  His legs reached for
nonexistent leverage-- stiffening-- and he screamed out his most
powerful command: "FUCK ME, DADDY.  FUCK YOUR BABY BOY!  OH FUCK
ME DADDDDDY.  AWWWWWWGGGHHH!"
 
    I fucked him as he commanded and shot him full of me.  He
never touched his cock.  He just shot, again and again-- great
steamy lumps of semen, yellowish.  Frothing clumps lept from his
dick to my chest and returned to his sweaty, moist chest.  His ass
took every drop of my load without a drop oozing out.
 
    As Jeff was leaving, a plumber approached him.
 
    "Hey, kid.  How about you and me going inside and I'll tell you
all about your plumbing problems?"
 
    The plumber kept a cool eye on Jeff's firm ass as he followed him
into the apartment next door.
 
                                 By Henning Hansen, First Hand.

