Motel
by deirdre, 3/5/95

It was getting late.  Actually, it was already very late and I was about to 
drop off.  Sheila wasn't.  She was still talking to Nancy and John and they 
looked like they were going to talk forever.

I looked around the room.  We were in a motel room, sitting around 
drinking and talking.  The motel was more-or-less between our house and 
John's and Nancy's and they'd come up with this scheme to all meet here 
for a visit.  It had been some months since they all managed to meet, and, 
well, their family do tend to be talkers.  Not that I have any complaints--
I've rather enjoyed being a "member" of a talkative family since my own 
tends to be less communicative.  But right now, I wasn't in any condition 
to do anything.

"Honey, you're about ready to drop off," Sheila said, noticing my state.

"I'm afraid you're right."

"Listen, why don't you go on to bed.  We'll be up all night I'm sure."

"OK."  I looked around, a little confused, thinking about my clothes, then 
headed for the door.  We'd rented three cabins and I wandered over to one 
of the other two.  The one they were talking in was Sheila's and mine.

There I was in another of the cabins--the one John and Brenda were going 
to be in, I think.  I thought again about my clothes, being in someone else's 
room and not having my suitcase, but then just pulled off my pants and 
shirt and got in bed.  I was asleep in no time.

I woke up.  The door was opening.  The light went on and then off again.  I 
sat up and a low light went on.  "It's me," said Brenda.

"Oh, I'm sorry," I said.  I should have picked Nancy's cabin because as long 
as she was talking to Sheila and John, her cabin would be free.  "I'll go to 
Nancy's."  I thought about how I was going to manage to get dressed with 
Brenda there.

"No, can't you just stay?  I... I don't like being in these things alone."

"Sure, but..."

"It's a big bed," she said.  "And if you're as exhausted as I am..."

It *was* a queen.  She went in the bathroom.  I wondered what I should do 
and finally gave in and turned over to go back to sleep.  I was aware of the 
bathroom door opening again and movement on the other side of the bed.  
"Good night," I heard Brenda's soft voice.

I *really* was so tired, I didn't worry about it too much.  But she stirred.  
She seemed restless.  I thought about being John, with Brenda tossing like 
this every night.  I turned over to try to get more comfortable.

"I'm sorry," I heard Brenda's soft voice.

"What."

I sensed her scoot closer and felt her hand on my side.  "Now I'm keeping 
you awake."

"You just laid down."

"Could you just... hold me?  I'm used to it."  She was very close now.  I 
realized we'd better not do this.

"Brenda..."

"No, just holding, really.  OK?"  I turned over, toward her.  She turned her 
back to me and pulled my arm over her and held it against her shoulder.  I 
realized she was wearing a nightgown.  She pushed her rear up to my body 
and we were spooning.  She hooked her foot under mine.  "Like this," I 
heard her say.

She dropped off to sleep.  I could tell by the feel of her breathing.  I lay 
there, holding her.

I awoke.  It was still night.  Car doors and voices.  Were they going off 
somewhere?  "What is it?" came Brenda's quiet voice.

"Pizza, or something like that I guess."

"I guess so.  Listen, thank you."

"For what?"

"For holding me like this.  I *love* to be held."

"It's nice."

"It doesn't have to be sexual."

"I know."

She didn't answer.  What a strange situation.  What would Sheila make of 
it if she walked in?

I'd always liked Brenda.  I thought she was nice, if a little quiet.  "Does it 
bother you?"  She finally asked.

"What."

"You know, being pressed against me?"

Ha!  The unanswerable question!  Damned if I do...  I felt her wriggle just a 
little.  "It's very pleasant," I finally responded.

She let out half a giggle, then held my hand tighter, up against her cheek.  
"I *like* it," she said.  I didn't answer her and I felt her fall asleep again.

I awoke to her stirring.  It was daylight.  I was still wrapped around her 
just as I'd been the night before.  "Are you awake?" came her voice.  I sat 
up.  She turned over and looked at me and smiled.  Then she slipped out of 
bed and into the bathroom and I found my pants and shirt and pulled them 
on.  Soon we'd found the others and were off to find a restaurant for 
breakfast.

By midday, Sheila and I were on the road.  It was obvious she was sleepy 
and I expected her to drop off any minute.  She'd adjusted the seat back a 
bit and sat there motionless.

"Did you two do it?"  Just like that, as she lay there!  I'd thought she was 
almost asleep!

"No!"

She said nothing for a little while, still laying there motionless.  I glanced 
at her: her eyes were shut.  Then she said, "You know, we peeked in and 
saw the two of you."

"I... she said she didn't want to stay alone..."

She giggled.  "So you just held her."

"As a matter of fact, yes!"

Once again, she didn't say anything for a while.  Then she said "she's 
awfully nice.  In that position, it wouldn't be unusual if something 
happened."

I was a bit shocked by the way Sheila was taking this--even though 
nothing happened.  "Well it didn't!"

"But she's so nice.  And don't *you* think she's a cute little thing?"  I 
glanced at her again: her eyes were still shut, and she looked for all the 
world like she was completely relaxed.

"Well sure, but *I've* got what *I* need."

She giggled again.  "Yes you do.  But you had your chance."
