
                                   MOTEL4.TXT

         ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ                                                              บ
         บ     W A R N I N G !!!  A D U L T  M A T E R I A L !!!        บ
         บ                                                              บ
         บ  The Following Text file is almost certainly a work of       บ
         บ  fiction, and the authors are expressing their first         บ
         บ  amendment rights.  The material is distributed as "For      บ
         บ  Adults Only" and possession by a minor is strictly          บ
         บ  forbidden.  If you are not legally empowered to be in       บ
         บ  possession of this material, do not read it and delete it   บ
         บ  immediately. All efforts have been made to keep this file   บ
         บ  from falling into the hands of those that are not supposed  บ
         บ  to be able to access it. However, once it leaves the hands  บ
         บ  of the distributing party (CD-ROM Sales, Bulletin Board,    บ
         บ  Etc.) there is no way to control it.                        บ
         บ                                                              บ
         บ  The author takes no responsiblity for this adult material,  บ
         บ  the legality of it, or the distribution of it.  If this is  บ
         บ  being offered for download on a BBS, the System Operator of บ
         บ  that board takes no responsibility in this regard.  These   บ
         บ  files are offered for adult amusement only.                 บ
         บ                                                              บ
         ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

First of all, thank you for all your encouragement for part 1 of this story.
Several people have asked if the story is true or fiction. The answer is, the
basis is true. My family did move, did run the motel and I did share a room
with my parents. A major part of each intimate moments my parents shared was
telling each other fantasy stories. Years later those stories are still vivid
in my mind and have provided fodder for these chapters. I have simply placed
myself in the middle of their fantasies. Did I ever have "real personal" fun at
the motel that summer? The answer is a resounding YES. When I write those
chapters, I will be sure to tell you. did my parents ever "really" live out
those fantasies? Again the answer is YES. I will point those points out as
well.

I hope you enjoy the story and the followup parts will be available soon.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Motel Slut
Chapter 4

As mom started towards the back bedroom, my dad stopped me by placing his hand
on my shoulder. He shouted to mom, "Judy, put on a real sexy outfit and we'll
be there in a minute."

Dad motioned for me to sit down at the dinnette and reached into the kitchen
cabinet for a bottle of Jack Daniels. He poured a stiff amount into a highball
glass and gulped it down in one swig. Slowly he looked over at me and asked,
"How you doin' with all this?"

I smiled back at him and told him it was fun, exciting and I liked it. Dad
poured another and after gulping it said, "You know I still love your mother
very much. More than anything in the world. Even if she is playing around with
the other men.  Do you understand that."

"Yes dad, I really do." I went on to tell him about hearing their sexual
adventures while making love in the bedroom not 3 feet from my rollaway bed. I
told him how I would watch them having sex and jerk-off wishing I could join
in.  I even told him that mom caught me last weekend and that's why she knew it
was OK to show off in front of me.  Dad seem to understand my explanation and
was relieved that he wasn't corrupting me.

"Son, you know if ANY of this bothers you, you're to tell me IMMEDIATELY and
IT'LL STOP! Do you understand?" dad asked with a very concerned look on his
face. I almost was begging him by this time not to stop it.

"I'm still a virgin dad, and I want mom to be my first -- with you helping. So
please don't stop this now! Ok?"

"OK," was all he said, gulping down a third drink.  "But, you have finals at
the end of next week, so after tonight, no more until school is out. I want you
studying and keeping up the good grades you've been getting. Deal?"

"Deal Dad!" He nearly drug me from my seat into the bedroom door.

Mom had really been dressing for us during our talk. When I walked in the room,
she was dressed in an outfit I'd never seen. (Where was she keeping these
clothes I wondered?) She had fixed her makeup to look very slutty and had a
stings of fake red pearls wrapped tightly around her neck.  Her tits were
hanging in a red fishnet bra that was attached to a corset made of alternating
red fishnet and heavy red canvas panels.  The corset was held together with red
leather belts and sliver buckles and loops. She had on red fishnet stockings
held up from garters at the end of the corset. She also wore the highest pair
of red high heel shoes I had ever seen on a woman that made her legs look
wonderful. She posed at the foot of the bed with her legs spread apart and her
index finger shoved up her pussy. She licked her bright red lips and then moved
her shiny painted red fingernail to her mouth and sucked it in and out as she
tasted her excited wet pussy nectar.

I was too stunned to move, but I noticed dad had stripped all his clothes off
and begin joining her fingers in her pussy. He grabbed her tits and began
pulling her nipples out and stretching her tits. Mom moaned with the pain but
the smirk on her face reassured me it was a pain of ecstasy. Dad then move
around to mom's back and held up her tits for me to examine. "Better shed those
pants son before the pressure breaks that hard cock that's sticking out," he
teased.

When I had my pants off and shirt thrown across the room, dad invited me over
to suck mom's nipples.  I stood in front of her -- naked with my cock pointing
straight at my parents. I bent over and began to lick and suck mom's tit that
dad had offered me. She reached down and started stocking my cock back and
forth moaning, "Yes son, I've wanted you to suck my tits again for a long time
now."

It took me a while to figure out mom meant since she breast fed me.

Dad then bent her at her waist and pulling her hair, ordered her to suck my
dick. "Suck your son's hard cock baby. Be a good slutty mom. Joey deserves all
the sex his slutty mom can give him.  So suck his cock good. No one can suck a
cock better then your mom Joey. She is THE best cock sucker in the world. So if
you get a girlfriend who can't suck it as well, better get your slut mom to
teach her."

By this time, mom was on her knees sucking on my hard dick. It was better then
all the others times when I just came in her mouth. She would take all of it in
her mouth and wash her tongue all over it inside her throat and then pull it
out licking up and down the shaft like a popsickle. Then every now and then she
would put the head of it in her mouth and wildly jerk it making nasty wet
slurping sounds with her lips. Watching her from my angle was wonderful. I
could see her big sexy tits showing through the fishnet pouches and just below
her red shiny lips sucking my cock.

Dad came up beside me and told her to switch off, first sucking my cock, then
his. At times she even stuffed the two dicks in her mouth at the same time.
Suddenly I knew it wouldn't be long before I was going to cum and I started
moaning loudly announcing to my parents I was going to cum.  Dad quickly guided
mom's face to my cock and told her to jack off my cum all over her face.  Mom
began jerking my dick faster and faster, moaning into the head like it was a
microphone and she was making a dirty recording a woman having sex.  Soon, my
cock spurted on my face, in her mouth and all over her eyes and hair. I had
never cum so much before in my life.  My knees began to weaken and I screamed
in pure joy as I fell to the floor.

Dad just stood over me and laughed. "Maybe you aren't ready for a woman as hot
as your mom. Maybe I should get some other girl to take your virginity. One not
so good?" Dad smiled at me and offered his hand.

"What do you mean take his viginity?" Mom asked with a shocked looked in her
face. "The kid wants you to fuck him tonight Judy. Be his first. Are you game?"

All of a sudden, I saw doubt in mom's eyes since she caught me jerking off that
night. "I don't know Joe.  I never thought bad about sucking him and helping
him jerk off, but fucking him? Taking my son in my pussy? I mean it's.."

"It's about as bad as everything else you've been doing to him Judy. Now don't
go moral on my now. After nearly 20 years of marriage, being an ultimate moral
woman has never been your best asset. And if is was, you wouldn't be my wife.
You know you and I have always been a bit perverted with our fantasies and sex
life.  This is just an opportunity to fulfill them.  And watching my son get
fucked for the first time has ALWAYS been big on my fantasy list."

Mom was sitting on the side of the bed now with her legs wide and her fingers
openly playing with her pussy. I was thinking, `hell if she'll be that dirty in
front of me, I know she will fuck me. Right?'

"I don't know Joe, that a VERY big step. What were you going to do anyhow? Take
Joey to a hooker and watch her fuck him and make him wait in the car while you
paid her and she gave you a blowjob?" Mom was smiling up at daddy now and
playing with her nipples. "Or were you going to take him to work one day and
let that big boob blond secretary of your's fuck him on your desk. I can just
see Bunny (that was dad's secretary's name --  honest) sucking on his cock and
fucking herself with MY son's hard dick while she was sucking MY husband's cock
as he watched."

"Nice scene darling." Dad said as he leaned her back onto the bed with his hand
on her shoulders and his tongue going toward her mouth.  I crawled onto the bed
and began to watch right next to them with all the lights on.  I learned the
art of french kissing and licking as dad started running his hot tongue over
mom's ear lobes and neck, nibbling around the red pearls, sliding down her
cleavage and then nibbling her nipples through the red fishnet.  He went back
and forth between her lucious tits before starting down toward her pussy.  Dad
then knelt on the floor and put mom's legs over his shoulders as he began to
suck and bite her protruding clit.  I leaned down so I could watch but dad told
me to take care of mom's tits instead.

So dad and I were actually making love to mommy together. She grabbed my hair
and squeezed my face into her tits yelling for me to bite them with my teeth
and then pull on them.  Then every time dad did the RIGHT thing licking her
pussy, she would scream and pull on my hair.  All this excitement got my cock
rigid again if not harder then the first time.  Mom began stroking it but the
more excited dad and I made her, the harder she stroked.  It almost hurt too
much.

"Son, your mother is wetter then the Tennessee River, I guess it's time. Judy,
get on up in the bed and sit on Joey's cock."  Dad directed me to lay on the
bed against the headboard while mom stood over me and squatted slowly toward my
hard flagpole of a dick.

She slowly bent her knees and lowered herself making sure I was watching.  She
gave me a show by squeezing her tits and kneading them and pulling her nipples.
When she was just over my cock, dad reached in and guided it into her
descending pink velvet heaven.  I felt my cock hit the wet folds of mom's
pussy, cold at first until the walls began to envelop my virgin cock. Slower
and slower she impaled her herself on me as I felt the hot, oily, slippery
warmth of her womb. Visions of soft pink pillows and warm water and heavenly
oils flooded over me as I finally realized -- I was fucking my mother.

Mom bent over and began lifting and lowering her hips on my cock as she stuffed
a big tit in my mouth. I grabbed her ass cheeks and began to thrust back toward
her plunging in as hard as I could. I knew from listening to her and dad that
she LOVED, WANTED, CRAVED for the hardest fuck dad could give her and I didn't
want to disappoint her either.

While shaking the bed, she almost stood on her feet banging her wet pussy onto
my stomach and taking my cock as deep into her twat as she could.  I looked
around and saw dad had his finger up mom's ass fucking it in and out. I could
even feel his finger through the wall separating her pussy and asshole.  Mom
was feverishly grinding her fingers into her clit.  It was then that I never
realized how much sweating goes on during fucking. Mom's hair was dripping wet
as she fucked harder and harder. Sweat would drip into my eyes but I didn't
care. I was fucking my MOM. My MOTHER. The sexist slut on the face of the
earth. And if you didn't believe it, just ask my thankful dad.

All of a sudden I screamed I was going to cum. Mom urged me on by telling me to
cum up her pussy. "Cum in your mom's sweet pussy son. Cum for mommy."  I
screamed again and as she began feeling my immanent orgasm, she jumped off my
cock and started jerking it into dad's face.  He was caught by surprise as 3
large globs of my cum landed on his face and in his mouth.  Mom then took my
cock into her mouth and slurped up the remaining cum.

The shocked look on my dad's face was humorous.  Both mom and I started
laughing as she crawled over and begin to clean his face with her sexy long
tongue.  She lapped up all of my cum and then kissed dad so he could tasted it
even more.  "If I have to do nasty things with our son, you do too, " she
chuckled at dad.  Dad just smiled and laughed along.  "Fair enough.  Now son,
get to bed. You have a long week of studying for finals and if your grades are
good enough.  Who knows what kind of celebration your slutty mom can cum up
with." Mom looked at him and smiled as we all closed our eyes to get a well
deserved nights sleep.

