
                                   MOTEL5.TXT

         ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ                                                              บ
         บ     W A R N I N G !!!  A D U L T  M A T E R I A L !!!        บ
         บ                                                              บ
         บ  The Following Text file is almost certainly a work of       บ
         บ  fiction, and the authors are expressing their first         บ
         บ  amendment rights.  The material is distributed as "For      บ
         บ  Adults Only" and possession by a minor is strictly          บ
         บ  forbidden.  If you are not legally empowered to be in       บ
         บ  possession of this material, do not read it and delete it   บ
         บ  immediately. All efforts have been made to keep this file   บ
         บ  from falling into the hands of those that are not supposed  บ
         บ  to be able to access it. However, once it leaves the hands  บ
         บ  of the distributing party (CD-ROM Sales, Bulletin Board,    บ
         บ  Etc.) there is no way to control it.                        บ
         บ                                                              บ
         บ  The author takes no responsiblity for this adult material,  บ
         บ  the legality of it, or the distribution of it.  If this is  บ
         บ  being offered for download on a BBS, the System Operator of บ
         บ  that board takes no responsibility in this regard.  These   บ
         บ  files are offered for adult amusement only.                 บ
         บ                                                              บ
         ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

First of all, thank you for all your encouragement for part 1 of this story.
Several people have asked if the story is true or fiction. The answer is, the
basis is true. My family did move, did run the motel and I did share a room
with my parents. A major part of each intimate moments my parents shared was
telling each other fantasy stories. Years later those stories are still vivid
in my mind and have provided fodder for these chapters. I have simply placed
myself in the middle of their fantasies. Did I ever have "real personal" fun at
the motel that summer? The answer is a resounding YES. When I write those
chapters, I will be sure to tell you. did my parents ever "really" live out
those fantasies? Again the answer is YES. I will point those points out as
well.

I hope you enjoy the story and the followup parts will be available soon.

     _________________________________________________________________
   
Motel Slut
Chapter 5

The "Deal" with dad about me studying for finals took more than a few strange
turns the next two weeks.  First of all, mom and him moved me out of the motel
office apartment into a room in the back of the motel -- in the old section.
Dad removed the TV and gave me a radio.  I was to study as soon as I got home
from school and over the weekend.  Mom brought me my meals throughout the week
and dad took me to school every morning.  Supposedly I was NOT to jerk off or
think about sex until after final exams so that I could concentrate on getting
the best grades possible.  Of'course, that was much easier said then done.

When mom brought me my dinner, she would tease me by lifting her blouse and
flashing her tits.  Sometimes she would take pity on me and let me play with
them while she watched me stroke my teenage dick until I came all over her
wonderful breasts.

Mom told me that a water pipe had burst between the apartment bedroom and the
two motel rooms behind it.  Dad had hired some contractors to break the wall
down and rebuild it.  Mom had an idea that she wanted to combine the two rooms
into a large suite for special customers and dad was indulging her.  She told
me they could hardly wait until I'd get to see it.  It was suppose to be
finished by the memorial day weekend.

I finally got through finals and on Friday returned home with my final grades
-- ALL A's.  I just knew that would be the tuition needed for the celebration
my parents had promised me.  But there was one thing, none of us expected --
how would the motel fair during the first holiday weekend we were running it.

Dad had done a lot to fix up the motel over the last two months by painting and
modernizing the facade.  The owners were happy that dad was making the
improvements since him and mom had increased sales and profit so much.  But the
backlash was that families traveling to the area for the holiday flooded the
motel.  They started arriving at 7:00 PM on Friday and it was everything mom
and dad could do to keep up with the registrations.  I'd go help the guests
find their rooms, unload their luggage and get them extra towels, ice or cokes.
I remember I made over $20 in tips that night.  Finally the motel was full at
10:30 except for mom's new fancy suite behind the office.

We all collapsed on the couch in the lobby of the motel with the "No Vacancy"
sign lit.  Mom looked over at dad and asked "When did you say she was coming
over?"

Dad gave mom a stern look shaking his head my way and smiled back at her,
around 11:00, getting anxious?"

"About what?" I asked, getting excited about the mysteries mom and dad might
have created.

"Your dad and I have made a new friend and she has agreed to help you celebrate
tonight," mom glowed with a devilish grin as she hinted at their secret.  About
that time, a car pulled up under the outer canopy and in walked a woman.  Not
just a woman, but the sexiest, sluttiest, hotest looking woman I had ever laid
my young eyes on.  Her red hair was done up in a slutty look for the time and
she wore heavy makeup that enticed her trashy look.  She had huge firm tits
with big hard nipples. I could see them through a thin cotton blouse that was
unbuttoned but tied up under her breasts exposing her flat stomach. She had a
very short white mini skirt that I could see black garters underneath holding
up dark brown stockings.  I could even see the hairy bush of her pussy peeking
out from under the ultra short skirt. On her feet were white patent leather
knee high boots (they called them go go boots back then). They had a least 6"
pointed and spiked heels that shaped her legs and made her ass stretch the
material of her already tight skirt.

Mom got up off the couch and hugged the woman as she entered.  She then started
to kiss her with her  tongue and they began to play with each other.  I saw
mom's hands first grab the woman's ass with both hands and then brought them
around to brush the mysterious woman's tits.  The woman's nipples began poking
at the thin shirt.  When mom finished welcoming the woman,

she looked at me and introduced me.  "Joey, this is Bunny.  Your dad's
secretary."  My mouth, still wide open from the shock of seeing my mom french
kiss a woman just hung in the air.  I couldn't seem to start talking.  Dad's
secretary? I thought mom was jealous of Bunny?  Damn, who would have guessed
she was THIS sexy.

"Cat must have his tongue Bunny," dad laughed as he kissed his secretary and
grab one of her tits with his hand.  I noticed Bunny rubbing a free hand up and
down dad's zipper feeling his growing erection.  "Son, Bunny has invited a
couple of guests to play in the new suite your mom has designed.  You did bring
them didn't you Bunny?"

"Oh yes Joe, they're in the car now.  They know a wonderful night awaits them,
they just don't know how wonderful."  Bunny smiled a wicked smile and seemed to
laugh with mom over the mystery.

"You see Joey, we have created the ultimate motel suite for motel sluts. We
combined the rooms, put mirrors on the walls and ceilings.  We also added a few
other things that you will soon learn about."

Dad handed Bunny the key to the room and told her we would see her later.
Bunny asked mom if she was coming with her now and mom said "No.  Not now.  I
need to freshen up a bit before I join you.  Go ahead and get started without
me."

With that, Bunny left the office and headed for her car.  Dad started pulling
the blinds and turning out the lights before I could see what she was doing.
"Come on son, time to see our new place."

I followed mom and dad back into the apartment bedroom.  When I got there, they
had changed things around a lot.  The wall adjoining the new suite was covered
with mirrors on our side as well.  And when Bunny entered the room, I could
actually see her through the mirrored wall.  "One way mirrors son.  We can see
into the room, but they can't see into our's."  Then dad showed me that there
was also a door that led from our bedroom into the motel room.  He told me to
sit down and watch.  Mom in the mean time had gone into the bathroom to freshen
up as she put it.

I watched as Bunny entered the room with not one but three men. They were in
their late twenties and looked like the untypical young married conservative of
the seventies (compared to the usual hippies of the time).  When they got into
the room, one of the men started to roughly kiss Bunny and ripped her blouse
from her tits.  At first I thought she was going to scream and get mad, but
instead she looked as if she enjoyed it.  He started calling her nasty names
like cunt and whore and slut and told her how she was going to please him and
his buddies tonight.  He told her that his wife should always be willing to
fuck and suck her husband's friends.

"That's her husband Dad?"

"Yeah, just keep watching."

One of the men came up behind Bunny and jammed his fingers up her ass.  She
turned around to him and instead of getting mad, she thanked him for finger
fucking her ass.  Then she started wiggling it around as he penetrated her ass
even more.  The other man in the room started nibbling her tits and fingering
her pussy while her husband just step back and took his clothes off before
sitting down on a big overstuffed arm chair to watch.

Dad then handed me a Polaroid picture and told me it was a present.  I looked
at it and saw it was Bunny in a chair with her legs spread wide open, smoking a
cigarette and holding her pussy lips open for the camera.  Then I recognized
the chair.  It was the one I was sitting on right then.  "When did you take
this dad?"

"I didn't.  Your mom did.  Seems like she and Bunny have been having some fun
during Bunny's lunch breaks.  She has convinced your mom to get into some new
adventures and this is mom's first chance.  We thought you would like to watch
with me and see how mom does.  The photograph is for you to keep." (I have it
scanned and will post it if anyone is interested.)

Mom then came out of the bathroom.  She had freshened up all right. She had on
a black leather corset with leather straps framing her tits as they poured over
the corset.  She had a leather collar with studs in it and wore leather elbow
length gloves.  Her black seamed stockings were help up with leather straps and
she had a pair of black go-go boots on with heels as tall and pointed as
Bunny's.

"How do I look boys?" mom asked.

"Almost too good to let you go over there," Dad joked

"Oh I'm going over all right.  I wouldn't miss this for the world.  Joe, do you
know where the bench is?"

"Yeah, under the bed."

Dad reached under the bed and pulled out a strange looking seat.  It was a
thick padded leather slab with rings and chains attached to it. Mom took the
bench from dad and went through the adjoining door shaking her bare ass at us
and closing the door behind her.

Bunny and her husband smiled as mom entered the room.  Bunny's husband got up
and took the bench from mom thanking her.  Mom kissed Bunny's husband with her
tongue and helped him hang the bench from hooks in the ceiling.  Then they put
Bunny on the bench, tying her legs up high on the chains that suspended it from
the ceiling.  In that position, Bunny's pussy and ass was staring right at dad
and I in the one-way mirror.  Mom and Bunny's husband then started to play with
dad's secretary's pussy together.  Her husband (George) started licking her
asshole as mom started nibbling on Bunny's clit. Bunny was moaning and
screaming with excitement until one of the other men stuck his cock in her
mouth.

"Suck it bitch, you're making far too much noise for a motel slut."  He started
to laugh hard as the other man took Bunny's hand and wrapped it around his cock
for her to stroke.  Bunny kept sucking on one cock and then switching over to
the other while her hips kept swinging the bench up and down as mom and George
abused her pussy.

Mom brought out a huge black dildo from somewhere and started sticking it up
Bunny's pussy.  While she was slowly inserting the big plastic cock, George
knelt down on the floor and began sticking his tongue into his wife's asshole.

I looked over at dad who had his clothes off by now and was jerking away on his
own cock watching the entertainment.  I shrugged and took out my growing cock
and followed suit.

Back in the room, mom had stuffed the big fake cock up Bunny's pussy and was
violently fucking her with it.  George then stood up and started sticking his
cock in her ass.  Bunny screamed she couldn't take both at the same time but he
kept inserting his hard dick like he never heard a word she said.  Then all of
a sudden Bunny yelled "APPLES!" -- Everyone stopped dead.  George immediately
took out his cock and mom yanked the fake dick from her pussy.  The other two
men stood back.  Bunny started to giggle and said, "I'm sorry. But George that
was a bit too much this early OK darling?"

George ran over to his wife and kiss her passionately.  "Of, course dear,
that's why they call those `safe' words.  And we are all obliged to honor it
when you say it." One of the guys said he wanted to rest a while anyway and fix
a drink.  Bunny said she thought that would be good too.  Mom and George began
unstraping Bunny's ankles from her shackles and lowered her to the floor.  Dad
got up from his chair and grabbed a bottle of Jack Daniels, an ice bucket and
glasses and headed for the door.  Turning around he said, "Coming? Or do you
want to stay in here and miss the whole party."  I was up and following him in
a flash.

Apparently the men all knew I was going to be there because when I came into
the room, they all congratulated me on my good grades.  One guy committed he
would have always made straight A's if his parents gave him a celebration like
this.  Mom came towards me commenting on how proud she was of her son.  She
then grabbed a handful of her tit and shoved it into my mouth to suck on.  She
guided my hand to her pussy which was dripping wet from excitement.  All of the
others in the room started whooping and hollering watching my slutty mom feed
me her nipples and using my fingers to fuck herself.  At the time I thought it
was the most erotic thing in the world.  (Hell I still do.)

Mom then got on her knees and pushed me onto the edge of the bed. She started
licking my balls and stroking my cock.  Then Bunny came over and offered her
tits for me to knead and lick on.  I was one happy and ecstatic 15 year old
boy. Bunny got on her knees and together, she and mom began licking all over my
dick.  One would take it in their mouth while the other would lick my balls,
then they would actually kiss each other with their tongues while my dick would
be crammed in the middle.  It wasn't soon from all the previous entertainment
and wonderful tongue attention mom and dad's secretary were giving me before I
moaned and started to cum all over their faces.  Bunny grabbed my cock with her
mouth and swallowed about half while the rest was sprayed on her and mom's lips
and face.

The two women then proceeded to lick my cum off of their faces while the men in
the room were applauding.  I never could figure our if they were applauding my
coming or mom and Bunny's performance. George then came over and told Bunny
that she really did need to fuck their guests before they returned home to
their wives.

Bunny giggled and hopped up on the other king size bed and invited the men
over. "Fuck me boys, Fuck me now!  I want both of you fucking me at once."
Apparently the men knew what she was talking about too.  One of them laid on
his back on the bed as Bunny impaled her pussy on his cock. As she was riding
him up and down and he was playing with her tits, the other man stuck his cock
into her ass.  She was actually getting fucked by both men at the same time.
The look of pain and joy on her face was amazing as she kept screaming dirty
nasty words while being double fucked.  Dad was already fucking mom and mom was
sucking on George's cock as all of them watch Bunny taking on the two guests.

The man fucking Bunny's ass came first and I could see the cum oozing out
around his cock.  Then almost at the same time the man on the bottom began to
holler and Bunny just never stopped screaming and talking dirty the whole time.
The threesome finally fell apart as their orgasms subsided and the room stopped
spinning.  The two men got up and started putting their clothes on.  Bunny
walked them to the door and gave each one a big hug and kiss as they left.
Then she stood in the doorway, naked and well-fucked waving at someone in the
parking lot.  She calmly closed the door and walked back into the room.

"Who the hell were you waving at Bunny?" dad asked.

"Oh to one of the men's wives.  She had come to pick up her husband and his
friend to take them home."

"Aren't their wives jealous?" mom asked.

"Oh not at all Judy.  You see, they just came from a wild party where THEIR
entertainment was a stage full of big black athletes from the college in
Charlotte."

Mom started to giggle as dad began to cum in her pussy.

Mom, Dad and I soon left Bunny and George to themselves.  But the memorial day
weekend was far from being over.

