Mouth
by deirdre, 9/22/94

"Wow!  You never told me your sister looks like *that*!"  My wife's sister 
Sue had just come into town and brought her latest boyfriend.  Apparently 
he was one to speak his mind.

"You look fantastic!" he went on, still addressing Judy, my wife.  He was 
tall and obviously an outgoing person.  "Do you know what I like *best* 
about you?"

"Oh Rob, stop teasing her," said Sue, "There's no stopping him," she said 
to us.

"What do you like best?" asked Judy.

"Your mouth.  You have the most wonderful mouth."  This was a little 
strange.  "It is so perfectly shaped!  And your lips!  They're *fantastic*!  
Do you know what your mouth and lips are perfect for?"

"What?" asked Judy.  She seemed a little wary to me and a little taken 
aback.

"For what *men like best*!"  There was a pause and no one said anything.  
I was sure Judy was going to explode and I waited like a statue, braced for 
it.  Then she giggled.

"Sorry about that," said Sue, "Obviously he's not housebroken yet."

"I can see that!" said Judy but she was still giggling.

"What's the matter?" said Rob.  "I just call it like I see it."

"Right," said Sue, rolling her eyes at the same time.

Rob was a little much for me--one of the louder and more abrasive people 
I'd ever met.  He had a comment for everything throughout dinner and I 
wondered how long Sue would be able to take him.  After dinner Sue and 
Judy got in conversation catching up and I ended up entertaining Rob.

"They sure are a couple of hot babes!" he said by way of making 
conversation, I suppose.

"Yes, they are both very attractive."

"You got *that* right!"  I tried to think of a response to that.  I suspected 
keeping up a conversation with Rob would be a challange.  After a pause, 
he went on "Did you ever do Sue?"

"No, I never did!"

"How could you keep your hands off her?  What a pair of sisters!  I bet 
Sue's been desperate when she was between boyfriends!"

"Well, I've stuck with Judy."

"Right!  I got ya!" and he winked at me!  Believe it or not, our conversation 
didn't rise much above that.  Finally we all got to talking some more and I 
felt relieved even though the conversation was still a bit strange.

I almost asked Judy what she thought of Rob when we went to bed but 
figured I didn't want to listen to a harangue.  I wondered what it was 
going to be like spending a day at the beach with them.  But something 
made me look at Judy's mouth.  No, we never do that.  I think about doing it 
sometimes but I could never imagine Judy going for it.

That night, I woke up and Judy wasn't there!  "Judy," I said in a low voice 
and got no response.  I got up without turning on the light and wandered 
out the door in the dark.  Light was coming from the guest bedroom and the 
door opened a bit, blinding me.  When it was shut, I found Sue in the hall 
with me.

"Everything all right?" I asked Sue in a low voice.

"Oh, sure," said Sue.

"Judy got up for something," I said.

"Oh, it's that Rob!  There's no stopping him!" said Sue.  "Come here and 
look," she added, grabbing my hand and pulling me.   She pulled me to the 
door and opened it a crack.  Judy was in there!  And kneeling in front of Rob 
with his cock in her mouth!  I stared.  Sue closed the door again.

"Once he has something in his mind, you just have to get out of his way!" 
she said and giggled.  I didn't know what to do.  She just stood there as if 
she were waiting for me.  Finally, I walked back into my room--it was like 
I was in a trance.  I lay in bed, staring at the dark ceiling.

I woke up the next morning to find Judy right there beside me--as if 
nothing had happened!  We all ate breakfast and no one said a single word 
about it!  After breakfast, we drove down to the ocean.  It was pretty 
crowded but we had the chance to go in a bit as well as lay out.  Rob was 
in and out of the waves the whole time.  Judy and Sue sat and talked for a 
lot of the time.  I got bored.  Then we were leaving.

"Yep, that Judy's really something!"  Rob was babbling on as we walked 
through the parking lot but this caught my attention in light of the 
previous evening's activities.  "You've got the mouth of an *angel*!" he 
went on, directing his comment to Judy.

"Don't listen to him!" said Sue, giggling.

"I *mean* it!  Dan knows, don't you?"  Now *what* was I going to say to 
answer *that*?

"Yes--she's *very* pretty" I volunteered.  We were approaching our car.

"Sure she's a knockout.  But I mean the way she sucks cock!"  Judy gasped 
and Sue giggled again.  This was unbelievable!  I just stared.  "Come let's 
show them," he went on.  We were at the car.  He pulled Judy by the hand 
over next to the car--between it and a minivan parked next to it.  Then he 
pushed down on her shoulders, inducing her to kneel.  They were still both 
in their suits--Judy in a bikini.  He pulled off his suit and his cock sprang 
out there right in front of her face.  She didn't look at me at all but just 
knelt there looking at his cock.  There weren't people right there in the 
parking lot but it was pretty open--anyone could come toward us.

"Easy now, girl, you can do it," he said and he pulled her head toward his 
cock.  Right out there in daylight, in the parking lot!  I looked around 
nervously.  She had him in her mouth and was sucking away.  Sue just 
watched and smiled.  I couldn't help but nervously look around for anyone 
coming.

She went on and on, sucking him.  He looked down at her and smiled.  I 
couldn't stand watching it.

"Isn't she good?" he finally said.  Then he started grunting and spasming 
and it was obvious that he was coming.  She just kept sucking.

"She's a great little cocksucker--a *real talent*" he went on.  Judy stood 
up.  She looked a little nervous and didn't look at me at all.

"Well I think she has a *lot to learn*" volunteered Sue.

"Well she isn't as accomplished as *you* but she certainly has potential."

"I'll show you *real* cocksucking," responded Sue.  Immediately she was 
on her knees in front of Rob.  In seconds she had her one-piece peeled off 
and around her knees.  I stared at her body--her naked breasts.  Rob 
approached her and she went right for his cock with her mouth.  He grabbed 
her hair and started fucking like crazy.  I couldn't believe how much they 
moved--he was slamming into her face!  She more-or-less hung on for 
dear life.  She had her hands folded behind her back.  He was jerking more 
and more until he obviously came again.  I couldn't take my eyes off them.  
Judy was watching them too.  When he was done, he collapsed against the 
car and she collapsed into sitting on the ground.  They just stayed like 
that catching their breath for a minute.  Then they pulled on their suits 
and got in the car!

Judy wouldn't look at me that evening--I never talked to her once even 
though we all had supper together.  That evening, Judy and Rob disappeared 
into the guest bedroom.  I didn't go up there.  They were there for hours til 
past time to go to bed.  Sue and I watched TV, not saying much.  Finally I 
headed for the bedroom without Judy.  Sue followed me.

"She just wants to learn," said Sue.  She sensed that I didn't like all this.  
She left and I went to bed.  As soon as I had the light out, the door opened 
and someone slipped in.  I turned on the light again by the bed.  It was Sue.  
She was in a nightie and she slipped into bed in Judy's place and reached 
over me and turned out the light again.

I lay there thinking.  "It's just a little *change* for her," said Sue as she 
lay there.  "She's going to know new things."  I didn't answer but still 
stared at the dark ceiling.  She reached over and took my hand.  "Hold me, 
please," she said.  I finally looked at her in the dark.  We kissed for a 
minute.  Then she drew back and lay on her back next to me.  She said 
quietly "please?"  I still stared at the ceiling--I couldn't do it.  I held 
her 
in my arms part of the night but that was all.

The next morning, Rob and Sue were gone.  Judy was making breakfast 
when I woke up.  She said good morning when I came down as if nothing 
had happened.

"Judy..." it was my first word of the morning and she turned, sensing I was 
disturbed.

She put her finger over her lips to quiet me.  "You liked it with Sue, didn't 
you?" she asked, with a little smile.

"She's nice," I replied.

"Let me..." she started talking, but stopped.  Then, with a little smile, she 
knelt at my feet and started opening my pants.  I gently pushed her away.  
She ended up sitting on her ass with her arms out behind her to lean on.  
She looked up at me, confused.

We're pretty comfortable together again now, but I've never let her touch 
my cock with her mouth.  But I think about it.
