Archive-name: 3plus/movie.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Movies, The
     
     
          Cindy  and I have been married for 8 years and during  those
     years  our  sex  life has been  good.  Recently  though,  it  has
     improved  to  very  good,   due  to  an  unusual  night  we  just
     experienced. That night was a Saturday about 3 months ago.
     
          I  asked  my wife if she would like to go out for  an  early
     dinner and then we might catch an early show.  Cindy thought  the
     idea was great and she went to take a shower and dress.  When she
     returned,  she looked fantastic.  My wife is 5 ft.  7in.  and 130
     lbs. She has very long legs, with a shapely butt and although her
     breasts aren't huge, they are 34B's that are perfectly shaped and
     firm.  Tonight  she had on heels and a skirt and blouse that made
     her look like the perfect model. We had reservations at our
     favorite restaurant and as  usual the food was good. Cindy and I
     had a few drinks with dinner and I suggested  we have another
     before we left for the  show.  Another drink   became  another
     few  and  Cindy  was  getting  a  little lightheaded by the time
     we left.  We had not decided on the  show that  we  would see so
     I suggested we drive to  the  Multi-Cinema that  had 4 theaters,
     but none of them sounded appealing.  Cindy brought  up  going to
     an adult theater,  as she  had  never  been before. We located
     one in the phone book and drove to it.
     
          The  theater was an older,  rather regal looking place  that
     had  not  been  kept up well.  As we entered the  theater  I  was
     suprized  to  see how large it was,  yet there were only about  2
     dozen people there. We chose a pair of seats near the back and we
     settled in for what turned out to be quite an evening.
     
          The movie had just started and they didn't waste any time in
     getting  into some very hot sex scenes.  Cindy leaned over to  me
     and  said "they certainly don't leave anything out."  The  screen
     had  a closeup of a womans pussy with a hard dick sliding in  and
     out, on it for about 5 minutes. I asked her if this was bothering
     her  and  she  quickly replied "no,  it's making  me  horny."  We
     watched  for  about another 15 minutes,  until there was a  scene
     where  this woman was lying on a bed and 3 men were fondling  her
     and  jacking themselves off,  cumming all over her  chest.  Cindy
     moaned and said "I can't take this much more." I have to admit, I
     had  an erection and was getting pretty horny myself.  I told  my
     wife  that I was going to go get us some soft drinks and  I  left
     for the snack bar.
     
          When I came back I noticed that she was concentrating on the
     screen.  The  woman  had a man on each end of her screwing  away.
     Cindy was rubbing her crotch with one hand and she had her  other
     arm  clamped across her chest rubbing her breasts.  As I  sat,  I
     noticed  that  a  man had sat down behind my wife  and  was  busy
     watching the show. I set the food down and put my hand on Cindy's
     leg.  She looked at me with this sultry look that told me she was
     hot.  I  started  to massage her thigh and work my way up to  her
     crotch. As I reached higher she lifted up and pulled her skirt up
     and  spread  her legs,  so that I could reach her  panty  covered
     crotch.  I  touched  her panties and they were  soaked,  she  had
     gotten herself off while I was at the snack bar,  she said.  As I
     continued  to  rub her swollen pubis my  wife  started  breathing
     heavy and she started a slight movement in her hips. With my free
     hand I tried to reach around and unbutton her blouse and as I did
     I could see out of the corner of my eye the man behind us was now
     watching us not the movie.
     
          Cindy  couldn't wait for my fumbling and she unbuttoned  her
     blouse enough so that I could reach in her bra and feel her tits.
     I rubbed and massaged her pretty tits until her nipples were rock
     hard.  Cindy started squeezing my cock which drove me nuts,  so I
     dropped  my  hand to her pussy and  started  rubbing  again.  She
     leaned  over  against me and we kissed,  slowly and  deeply,  and
     while  we  were kissing I could see the guy behind  us  had  slid
     forward  in  his seat so he could see my wifes bare legs and  her
     panties.  As I slid my hand up to the top of her panties I turned
     enough to watch him and I slowly pulled her panties down exposing
     her bush. I saw his eyes widen and I heard him gasp, so I figured
     I'd have a little fun and I slid my finger into my wifes dripping
     pussy.  She immediately started a quiet moaning and layed back in
     her seat,  spreading her legs,  not realizing that she was giving
     him  a better view of her bush.  My finger was really working  on
     her  tight little hole when I heard the guy behind  us  breathing
     hard.  He  was almost leaning over Cindy's other shoulder and  he
     had his dick out in his hand. As my wife was nearing her climax I
     kept on fingering her until she stiffened up and groaned, cumming
     all  over my fingers.  Just as she shook I heard him grunt as  he
     shot his cum on the back of Cindy's seat.  My wife sagged against
     me  and said "this is fun,  whew,  it's kind of sexy in  public."
     When  I  told  her about the guy behind us she  couldn't  believe
     she'd missed it.  I told her that she shouldn't tease people like
     that and we both laughed. I said "you should have helped him" and
     she said "yah, right." What harm could come of it I had asked, at
     least  he would have remembered this hot woman he had  once  met.
     Cindy said "oh well,  it's to late now." As we both knew that she
     really didn't even consider the possibility.
     
          I  sat there watching two more men screwing this same woman,
     when Cindy pulled my cock out of my pants and bent over taking it
     into her mouth.  Watching my wife and that guy jack off had  made
     me  hornier than I've been in a while,  so she sucked on me for a
     few  more seconds and I started cumming right in her  mouth.  She
     sat  back  up licking her lips and saying how good  that  tasted.
     "Here's  two dozen guys jacking off and I have a beautiful  woman
     giving  me a blowjob,  what luck" I said as we giggled.  I  asked
     Cindy to go to the bathroom and take her panties and bra off,  so
     I  could have an easier time playing with her.  She almost jumped
     out of her seat trying to get to the bathroom to strip down. When
     she returned I slid her dress up revealing her perfectly  cropped
     pussy that sparkled from all the dampness.  I entered her with my
     finger  as my other hand massaged and squeezed her tits.  She was
     hot.  "I want you again" she said.  Well,  twice in 10 minutes is
     more than I can handle,  so to stall for time I said I had to  go
     to the bathroom.
     
          I  was standing at the urinal when another man walked in and
     walked up to the urinal next to me. He lugged out his dick, which
     was  pretty big and was also hard.  "Anytime now" he said to  his
     hard shaft,  waiting for it to relax enough to pee.  "Too bad you
     weren't  sitting  over  by  the woman on the  left  side  of  the
     theater" I said.  "She gave me a hand job" I continued,  figuring
     he might go over to her now and she could have another handful to
     play with. "Your kidding" he scoffed, "No, she let me feel her up
     and then she jacked me off" I replied.  I figured that I had  his
     curiosity peaked so I left and went back to the show.
     
          When  I  sat back down I told her that I had invited  a  guy
     over to sit with her and she thought I was joking. I told her no,
     she  ought to try it.  She could give him the hotest memory  he'd
     ever have, most men have always dreamed of this happening, not to
     mention I really liked the idea of watching, as many men dream of
     seeing  their wives with other men.  Beside,  I said no one  will
     even know who you are and with me near by,  I had told her that I
     would  sit  in the next row a couple of seats away,  nothing  bad
     could happen.  Cindy said it sounded like fun,  knowing that  she
     would  have  complete control over a stranger's dick.  We  talked
     some more and I told Cindy that she should let him play with  her
     first  and  that  she  should  get hot  and  get  into  what  was
     happening,  and then she should play with his dick and balls till
     he came. Considering how hot Cindy can get I figured he would get
     his  rocks  off in just a few seconds.  We talked for a few  more
     minutes  about  where I would sit and and I told her to  just  be
     calm and let him start everything.  When I asked if she was ready
     she said "yes, it took a minute to relax, but I guess I'm ready",
     so I got up and moved to my new seat.
     
          I  took a seat a row below and a few seats left of my  wife.
     The view when I partially turned my head was magnificent, I could
     almost  see  under my wife's dress.  It was another  few  minutes
     before  her guest arrived,   I heard him ask if the seat next  to
     her  was  occupied and she replied "no,  go ahead".  Out  of  the
     corner of my eye I could see that my wife was watching the screen
     and he was watching her. A few more minutes passed and then I saw
     him put his hand on Cindy's knee,  she didn't make any attempt to
     move it,  so after another minute he started to massage her knee.
     He  began  to move his hand up her leg a little and I  heard  her
     breath  quicken.  As he moved his hand up,  he slid her dress up,
     giving him a nice look at her slender bare legs.  His  carressing
     of her leg excited my wife, she parted her thighs a little, so he
     could reach between her legs. When he did, I heard her gasp and I
     looked  around.  He had his hand on her bare glistening mound and
     was starting to work his finger into her slit.  Cindy's skirt was
     clear up giving me a complete view of her pussy and his big  busy
     hand.
     
          I  could  tell that Cindy was getting hot.  She was  leaning
     against  him while he massaged her pussy and you could  hear  her
     panting.  As  she  turned to unzip his pants she spread her  legs
     wide open,  showing all of her pink pussy with this man's  finger
     working in and out of her opening.  Cindy got his cock out and in
     the  dim light I could see that he had a big fat hard  on,  which
     she started to stroke. Cindy's new friend was fingering her and I
     could hear him say "your pussy feels so good".  Cindy was getting
     into  the part well,  as I heard her answer "I love your big hard
     cock,  MMMmmm,  it's  so fat".  My wifes hips were moving with  a
     steady motion as she let him finger fuck her.  I heard him  catch
     his  breath and then groan as he shot his load of cum on the seat
     ahead and the floor. "Oh god, your beautiful" he said as his dick
     jerked a few more times.  She slowly worked his shaft up and down
     as it relaxed and shrank.  As he started to put his meat back  in
     his pants I heard Cindy say "thanks for the nice big one",  as he
     said  "no,  thank  you,  I'll never forget this",  as he rose  to
     leave.
     
          I  gave  her  a  minute to straighten  herself  and  then  I
     whispered  "how  was it ?" She gasped back "That is  the  HOTTEST
     thing  I've ever done,  it was great,  I want to try a  few  more
     guys."  I told her that I've never seen anything that hot  either
     and I couldn't wait to see the next guy get off.  So,  I sat back
     in my seat and waited.
     
          It  wasn't long before another visitor came by and asked  if
     the seat was taken and Cindy replied "no,  please sit down." This
     time Cindy had lifted her dress up quite high on her legs, so her
     new  friend didn't waste any time before he started touching  her
     leg.  Soon I could see that he had slid his hand under her blouse
     and was enjoying the feel of her tits and Cindy was pressing  his
     hand  tight against her chest.  He let his hand drop to her thigh
     and started massaging his way up her leg.  "Oh god, your nude" he
     said as his hand found her bare pussy waiting for his finger.  He
     slid  his finger in and out of her,  as he played with  her  love
     button.  She  leaned into him and gave him a slowww long kiss  as
     she worked to get his shaft out of his pants. All of a sudden out
     sprang the biggest dick I've ever seen,  it was at least 9 inches
     long.  Cindy whispered to him and slowly started to run her  hand
     up and down his long shaft. As her hand stroked his growing cock,
     his finger kept time going in and out of her pretty little  slit.
     They continued to feel each other and she leaned over next to him
     and  rubbed his cock on her leg.  That was enough to send both of
     them  over the edge and I heard them groan as they both  climaxed
     at  the same time.  Slowly his massive shaft began to shrink  and
     they  kissed for the last time and my wife pulled her dress  back
     down as the stranger straightened himself out and they said  good
     bye.
     
          I  slid over to my glowing wife and said "that  sure  didn't
     take  you long.",  to which she said "did you see the size of his
     cock,  I  loved playing with it,  I would have given anything  to
     suck  it for a minute,  I wonder if I could handle it all ?"  She
     was slowly regaining her breathe and composure.  I told her  that
     if  the chance came up again and she really wanted to give him  a
     little  lick that that was ok with me.  "I want to do this  again
     and  then let's go,  I want you to fuck me real good" Cindy  said
     huskily.  She  looked so sexy and sultry now that her passion was
     high.  "I  just had a nasty thought" she uttered "I wish I had  a
     guy in each hand,  before we go." I thought for a minute and said
     "I don't know if we can arrange that, but I'll try", getting up I
     said "I'm going to the restroom, I'll be right back.
     
          I was in luck, or Cindy was in luck really, as I walked into
     the  restroom there was two young guys walking in ahead of me.  I
     waited  as they stood at the urinal peeing.  "Have you guys  seen
     that  gorgeous woman over in the back,  she gave me a handjob and
     she did another guy too." Well,  let me tell you, these two young
     studs  were ready.  "I heard her tell the other guy to come  back
     with  a friend,  maybe you guys can beat him over  there."  "Wow,
     let's  go  see her,  is she a dog ?" he asked and I  replied  "no
     she's beautiful." He looked at his buddy and they said see ya and
     left.  I went ahead and went to the bathroom and then returned to
     my seat.
     
          As  I  neared my seat I could see that my wife  was  sitting
     with  her two young studs,  one on either side of her.  I took my
     seat  and I saw Cindy slid her hand across the crotch of the  guy
     on  her left and she leaned over and whispered something to  him.
     Both young men started to touch and carress her body as she layed
     back in her seat reeling in delight at having two men feeling her
     at the same time.  As her passion increased she unzipped both  of
     their  pants and managed to get both of their young dicks in  her
     hands.  I  almost came in my pants seeing her with both of  their
     hands  on  her  and she with a stiff cock  in  each  hand.  Cindy
     continued  to pull and stroke both guys at the same  time.  Being
     young, they were ready to cum in a few seconds, and cum they did.
     It  was like watching two miniture fountains spurting in the air.
     Both  of  them came fast and then they got  nervous  and  quickly
     zipped  themselves  back  up and said they had  to  leave.  Cindy
     smiled and said "thanks for the fun, studs", as both guys rose to
     leave.
     
          As  I  leaned  toward  my  wife I  could  hear  her  labored
     breathing,  "I  came  three times" she sighed "that was more  fun
     than  I could ever imagine,  those two were so hot I though  they
     would  shoot  clear  over the seats." I told  her  to  straighten
     herself out and let's leave, I was so horny and all I could think
     about was my turn to play with her.  The way she glowed was  more
     beautiful  than  I  have ever seen her before,  so  we  left  the
     theatre.
     
          We  got  in  our car and I immediately started to  kiss  and
     fondle my beautiful wife. "I want to fuck you right now" she said
     panting. I pulled her dress up and slid my pants down right there
     in  the  car.  Cindy and I fucked with complete  abandon  and  we
     climaxed  together in what was the most spectacular orgasm either
     of us have ever had. When we finished I started the car and drove
     home.  Both of us were now glowing with passion.  When we arrived
     home  I smiled and told her that she had just given me  the  most
     wonderful  time of my life and Cindy said she had never  believed
     she  would enjoy it that much.  I kissed her slow and long and we
     slid to the floor and we began to make love all over again,  this
     time we were slow and it lasted for what seemed like hours.
     
          As  I write this letter,  Cindy and I are planning our  next
     trip  to the show.  She hopes to see the man with the giant  dick
     again, but probably not. Cindy says that all of you women readers
     owe  it to yourselves to try to get your husband to take you to a
     special show.  Every women needs to feel a hard dick in each hand
     once in her life,  you just can't imagine the feeling,  and to be
     completely  safe  with your husband watching is the best part  of
     all.
     
--
