Archive-name: 3plus/movieluv.txt
Archive-author: Liana
Archive-title: We made our own X-movie!!


    Some time ago, a girlfriend of mine said the she and her boyfriend had
video taped themselves making it, and she confessed that it was a terrific
turn on to think of seeing herself on video tape.  As it turned out, they did
this several times, getting better at it (taping) each time, but the results
weren't what they wanted.  Linda and Steve, (not their real names), now found
themselves stopping to move the camera, or to change positions, and this, of
course, took the fun out of their sexual pleasures.
    Linda asked me if I would be willing to help them. Linda and I met just
after graduating high school, almost three years ago. Since then, we've done
some wild things, like skinny dipping in a hot tub with our boyfriends, and
sharing motel rooms on trips. Linda said that of anyone she could ask, she
trusted me the most.
    After several sessions with Linda, getting to know the video camera and
how it reacted to movement, lights, and such, I felt that I could video tape
quite professionally, especially since I used to date a professional photo-
grapher.  One evening, Steve told me what he and Linda wanted for a video tape,
the kind of shots they wanted, and when there should be closeups, etc.  Since
we couldn't edit the tape, we would have to shoot it straight through. Steve
gave me an outline of ideas, which I took home to review, and then he thanked
me for being a good friend.  We set up the time when I would come over, and
they would slip into the bedroom, where upon I would begin taping their carnal
activities.
    I took my task seriously, thinking that I would not only see how good
of a lover Linda had, but I might even learn something to use on my own boy-
friend.  I reviewed the notes Steve had given me, and he got pretty explicit
at times.  Like what he wanted shown when Linda was on top: "Long shot from
foot of bed, zooming in as cock slides into Linda's pussy."  After reading all
of the notes, my pussy was damp from the visual images they created. That night
I ended up masturbating and having a long, delicious orgasm.
    Several nights later, the appointed time had arrived. Linda opened the
door and greeted me, and Steve poured me a glass of wine.  After a few minutes
of discussion about his "notes", Linda assured me that they still wanted to
proceed. I picked up the camera and tested it, then followed them into the bed-
room.  While Steve and Linda partially undressed, I connected the camera to the
TV set in the bedroom, so they could see what was being taped.  When I turned
around, the both of them were on the bed, kissing.
    Linda wore nothing but a garterbelt and stockings, and Steve wore a black
g-string affair.  I began taping them as Steve's hands explored Linda's body.
Things went pretty well, with me zooming in as he licked her nipples, or her
hands slipped under his g-string to stroke him.  Soon, his g-string was a mere
memory, and Steve had Linda sit on his face.  Zoom in to show his tounge lick
over her partially shaved pussy, and then zoom out to show them on the bed.
I moved up onto the bed and made a shot looking down from Linda's point of
view, showing Steve's large, nine and a half inch cock.  Linda leaned down, and
began a sixty-nine. I moved off the bed and got great shots of her deep-throat
action on him.
    An hour and a half later, both of them were sweating from the bright
lights, heat, and exertion.  Strangely enough, I was only mildly aroused by
all their fucking and sucking. I was so busy trying to get good shots of what
they were doing, only occaisionally asking them to slow down or move a little.
Steve wanted a "wet" finalle, and Linda sucked him until he came, pulling out
and spurting on her lovely breasts.  This is when I realized that I was getting
turned on, while waiting for Steve to come.  Part of it was that I knew what
he was going to do afterwards, and part was seeing him spurt.
    Linda sat up, her long, brown hair damp and matted, her sweaty body now
glistening, and she straddled his face. I zoomed out from her sperm covered
breasts, the thick white streaks still visible, and captured Steve sucking her
pussy.  Linda began to come, and she squeezed both her wet tits as she did,
rubbing his come all over her large, rosy nipples.  Just as she finished and
rolled off of Steve, I zoomed in and caught his face, glistening with her wet
juices, and the creamy white in his moustache.  He looked right into the camera
(and at me I thought) and licked her cream from his moustache while smiling up
at me.
    I clicked down the lens, "fading to black", and shut down the recorder.
My pussy was wet, so wet that I had almost soaked my panties through to my
jeans.  Now I felt awkward, being the only one dressed in the room, and I
turned to rewind the tape.   I heard Steve whisper something to Linda, and she
snickered a little.  I turned around and saw them both smiling at me.
    "What's so funny?" I asked.  Linda told me to look at my behind in her
dresser mirror.  I moved and looked around, and sure enough, there was a dark
vertical stain on my jeans were my pussy had wet them.
    "We must've done good." Linda remarked. "You got hot and bothered by it."
    "It's nice to know you appreciated it." Steve said.
    "Well, what'd you expect?" I shot back. "I'm not dead you know!"
    The tape clunked off, and I hit the play button, handing Linda the remote
control.  I sat in a chair while they fast-forwarded through parts, stopping to
review some of their own action.  Every once in a while, they'd oooh or ahhh
about some shot.  Linda liked several touches I added, mostly of views from
her perspective.  One shot, when Linda and Steve were doing it "doggy" style,
looked down from Linda's shoulders, underneath her to see Steve's legs and his
swaying balls.  I'd hand-lit that shot, and it came out well.  In the same
scene, Linda's ass looked good looking down over Steve's shoulders from behind.
Linda had her ass up high, and her legs wide, giving her those classic lines
of a woman in passion. I'd stood right behind Steve and felt his sweaty body
rub against me several times (intentionally I'm sure).
    The finalle was a big hit, as I captured it well, zooming in as Steve's
come spurted on her breasts, showing Linda's face reacting to his hot sperm.
And even Linda oooh'd when she saw herself coming, rubbing his jism over her
hot nipples.
    "Great job!" Steve said. "That's great camera work!"
    Linda joked, "Maybe you'll convince your boyfriend to let us tape you!"
    I shied away, knowing that my boyfriend wouldn't go for it, and said I'd
enjoy taping them again.  It was getting late, so I let them clean up while I
put the camera away.  Steve and Linda, freshly showered joined me in the living
room, just about the time I finished my second glass of wine.  Linda gave me
a big hug and thanked me again.  I left that night, and when I got home, I
fantasized about Linda taping me with Steve.
    Sunday, Linda called and I went over. She'd come up with her own idea of
a tape, and showed me her notes on it.  It was pretty hot, especially since she
used even more explicit language than had Steve.  One shot she wanted, was for
the camera to be close to her pussy as Steve slid four fingers in her pussy and
three in her anus. "Close up of Steve's fingers in my twat and asshole, four
fingers in my twat, three in my ass, while he sucks my clit and fucks me with
his fingers."  I couldn't beleive she'd written it.  I told her that would
probably hurt, and she laughed, saying that he'd done it several times before,
and she came a lot from it.  My pussy was getting wet again, and I knew I was
going to get soaked if we did this tape.  About halfway through, and I almost
missed it entirely, she had something that told me I was being invited into
their bed. "Long shot of Steve fucking me from behind, while I lean over the
dresser, one leg up and in a drawer, and naked cameragirl visible in mirror."
    Naked cameragirl?  Me?!  Linda was waiting for my reaction, and I kept
looking at the paper, almost afraid to look up at her.  When I did, I didn't
need to ask any questions.
    "I hope you won't mind." Linda said.
    The thought had crossed my mind the night before, while I was taking care
of myself, of being naked while I taped them.  Of, maybe, even having Steve's
hand caress me when I was close to him.
    "I...I don't know." I stammered. "It's just...I mean..."
    "Afraid you'll want to join in?" Linda asked.
    Linda hit it right on the head. I WAS afraid that I'd put the camera down
and join in the fun. I'm sure Steve wouldn't mind, what guy would? I'm not bad
looking, blonde, blue eyes, nice bod and all that. But what about Linda?
    "Well, yes, I could get carried away." I said. Linda interrupted before I
could finish what I really felt.
    "Good. Then we can have a three-way on tape!" Linda laughed. She seemed
to be genuinely excited by the idea.
    "Linda," I began, realizing what I was going to say just as the words
rolled out. "Have you ever made it with another girl?"
    Linda looked at me carefully, and my pussy tensed, waiting for her reply.
I held my breath, sure that she was going to think I was crazy for asking such
a question.
    "What would you say if I said yes?" Linda paried.
    "No fair." I said. "Answer the question."
    "A couple of times. You?" She said quickly.
    Now it was Linda who was holding her breath, and I could see the tension
in her body.  She was waiting to see if I would reject the idea. I thought of
a way to reply, carefully.
    "Well, just a couple of times when a friend slept over." I said quietly.
    Linda asked and probed, asking me what we'd done, if I'd ever eaten a
girl's pussy, or had mine licked.  We talked and found out we'd both had very
similar experiences, and we were both still curious.  We talked and got over
being uneasy about it, telling each other about our experiences. It was late
afternoon when Steve came home, and we realized that we'd been talking for
several hours.  That's when we came up with the same idea at the same time.
    Steve went to shower, as he'd been doing construction all day at some-
one's house. Linda and I quickly got the camera out and plugged into the set
in the bedroom. When Steve came out of the shower, he was flabbergasted to see
us both waiting, dressed in only our bras and underwear.  Linda explained that
she wanted him to videotape us, and that he was to let us do what we wanted.
    Steve agreed, his prick getting hard as we told him about it.  Steve
picked up the camera, and Linda and I got on the bed. We knelt facing each
other, and kissed.  Our first real, sexual kiss.  Her hands found my breasts,
and I fumbled around her waist.  Her lips were warm and so soft, exciting me
greatly.  I felt her tounge against my lips, and I opened my mouth, reaching
for her with my tounge.  When they met, it felt as though someone was sucking
my clit, that's how exciting it was.  My breathing quickened, and we embraced,
kissing and chasing each other's tounges back and forth.
    Linda's fingers pinched my right nipple, and I moaned into her mouth. She
had such a delicate, soft, caressing touch, and I felt like I was melting into
her. I cupped her larger breasts, and rubbed her nipples through her bra, using
my thumbs. Linda's hips rocked forward, and mine met hers. I was in a heavenly
cloud of sensations.  Linda stopped kissing me and then began kissing down my
neck, using her tounge to trace a line down to my chest.
    I felt my bra come off, and then her tounge on my areola. It was so soft
and light, so different.  I unhooked her bra, and then pulled her panties down
to her knees. I reached down and slid my hand between her legs, finding her
labia already wet, and her soft, downy hair damp.  My finger slipped easily
into her vagina.  Linda moaned very softly and sucked my left nipple hard, her
lips biting down gently.
    Linda pushed me back, and laid me out flat, sliding my panties off in a
smooth movement.  Her lips began tracing around my mons, and then down to my
clit. I was on fire, wanting her lips, her tounge inside me, licking me and
tasting me. I was oblivious to Steve and the camera.  Linda parted my legs,
and her tounge slid down my soaked pussy. I lifted my legs wide and high, her
hands holding them there.  Linda began tounging me just the way I liked it,
and I began rocking my pelvis up and down, trying to push her tounge into my
vagina.  I could hear wet, smacking noises which excited me even more. Then,
Linda slid several fingers inside me.  I felt my orgasm welling up deep in my
belly, my nipples getting hard and sensitive, my ass lifting up to meet her
thrusting fingers.  Linda's tounge circled my clit, then moved up and down.
She repeated this over and over, varying the tempo until, at last, I felt a
crack in the dam.
    "Oh God!" I moaned. "Oh God! Ohhhhhh!"
    I felt a sudden breaking of my orgasm, the hard, clenching spasms deep
inside me, the flooding release of my juices, the arching of my body, my hands
cupping and squeezing my tits, my legs wrapping around Linda's head as I began
to shudder. And through it all, Linda's tounge, circling and teasing my clit,
my very sensitive clit.  I moaned all the way through, especially when Linda
stopped licking my clit, and I felt every nerve reaching out and tingling. Then
she ran her tounge down to my finger filled vagina and back to my clit. Her
soft touch against my clit sent me higher and she made me come again, quickly.
This time I pulled her hair, pulling her face up hard between my legs, and
shaking against her. I finally let go, floating on my back in a warm cloud,
smiling and contented.
    Linda kissed her way up my body, her gentle kisses making me shiver with
sensual pleasure.  We kissed again, and I could taste myself on her lips. It
was good. Warm and musky.  She held me for a while, and I heard Steve moving
around. Linda caressed me lightly, cooing into my ear how much she enjoyed it.
When I recovered, I lifted one of her breasts to my lips and began to suck,
nibbling gently at her swollen buds. My hand found its way between her legs,
only to find her thighs slippery wet with her juices.
    I let her lay back, and I kissed her all over, working down her body,
then down her thighs. My lips found the damp areas between her thighs, and I
licked off her sweet, creamy liquid. Linda's hips writhed before me, and I
parted her legs.  My tounge flicked out and I began licking from her vagina to
her clit, in long, slow laps, like a tired kitten lapping milk. I lost track
of time, and of what I was doing. I wanted to lick her beautiful pussy forever,
tasting her sweet cream, feeling her soft warmth against me, her thighs pressed
against my cheeks.  I slid four fingers into her, one by one, and Linda was
panting hard. My tounge circled her clit, and then as Linda began rocking her
hips up and down, I switched hands, using her own juices to lubricate three of
my fingers, I slid three of one hand into her ass, and four into her pussy.
    Linda let out a long, low moan. I sucked her clit into my mouth, playing
with it with my tounge. I fucked her with my fingers, varying the rhythm. Her
moans were low, and loud.  The more I slid my fingers into her pussy, the more
her cream flowed until it was like a small river pouring from her.  Linda's
hips rocked and swayed, her hands cupping her large breasts tightly.  My whole
hand was soaked, and her juices were running down her ass onto the bed. I just
folded my thumb under, trying to get deeper inside her, and then, to our mutual
surprise and delight, my whole hand slipped into her sopped pussy.
    "Oh God baybeeee!" Linda cried out. "Fuck me!!!" She began to shout loud
and lewd. "Fuck my cunt! Fuck meeee with your hand!"
    I could feel her contractions as her orgasm began, squeezing my wrist
and fingers. My hand felt like it was in a warm, wet pool of her juice, and I
could feel the walls of her cunt moving to suck me further inside her. Her hips
were shaking and her openings seized me tightly.  My own pussy spasmed in
sympathy. I felt my own cream flowing out of me, and I began to circle her clit
with my tounge.  Linda grabbed my hair roughly and pulled my face against her,
much as I had done to her.
    "Oh GAAAWWWWD! MAKE ME COMMMME!" Linda shouted loudly.
    Suddenly her legs clamped down on my head, and her whole body seemed to
lock onto me, trying to suck me inside her entirely. I felt her squeezing and
releasing my hand, wrist and fingers.  Then, with a sudden jerk and thrust of
her hips, she rose up and shuddered, her cunt spurting a thick creamy burst
of her come against my neck. Linda shuddered and moaned for long moments, until
at last, she began to pull away. I slowly slid my fingers from her behind,
bringing her another shudder. Then, carefully, my hand began to slide from her
sopping cunt.  Linda moaned and arched up as my hand slid out of her, and she
again spurted a spray of her juice, this time against my chest. That was so
exciting that my pussy spasmed and I felt very close to orgasm myself.  Linda
was panting, and I sat up.  I reached up to wipe her juice from my neck, and
realized that my whole hand was coated with her thick white cream.  For the
first time it seemed, I noticed Steve with the camera.  I looked right into
the camera, remembering him doing it, and began licking Linda's cream from my
fingers. Then I rubbed that hand all over my neck and tits, smiling into the
camera.
    I slid up next to Linda and kissed her, and told her that I loved eating
her sweet pussy.  She and I kissed again, and I caressed her breasts.
    "Jezzzus! You two are red hot!" Steve whispered.
    We laughed a bit and looked up, seeing mostly a hard cock pointing its
head straight out.  Steve was kneeling on the far side of Linda, his cock about
even with her breasts.
    "Why don't you come for us?" I said, reaching up and stroking his thick,
cock. It felt warm and hard in my hand as I pulled the loose skin over the head.
Steve kept the camera to his eye, and I stroked his cock some more.
    "Wouldn't it feel so good for him to come all over your tits right now?"
I asked Linda. She smileda and moaned an "Uh-hummm" in reply.  "I'll just bet
you're ready to shoot all over us both."
    Steve groaned. "Wanna see me lick your jism off Linda's tits?" I said,
thinking of how sexy that would be.
    I got my reply quickly. Steve groaned again, and a thick jet of his sperm
shot out, landing on my face and Linda's breast. Then another as his hand
covered mine, pointing his cock against her left breast. Steve spurted a lot,
and it was a series of warm, white, jetting streams that splashed against us
both.  I leaned over and licked off the head, tasting his slightly salty and
tangy come.  Then I began licking a thick stream off of Linda's left nipple.
I followed each line, licking it up and swallowing it, enjoying it's taste.
One big glob lay between her breasts, and I licked this up and kissed her,
letting her taste Steve's warm cream too.  As we kissed, I pressed against her
and rubbed my own breasts in his warm come.
    Spent, and tired, we began to relax and enjoy the "afterglow".  Steve
rewound the tape and we all crawled up and lay on the pillows to watch, with
me in the middle.  God! We were really hot!  And Steve got some great shots!
He even got a great shot of my hand going into Linda's pussy, and her orgasm.
Through most of the tape, Linda shamelessly toyed with my pussy as well as her
own.  Just as well, as I was playing with Steve's cock and balls.
    Later that night, we let the camera roll, sitting on the dresser and
taking in the whole view of the bed, while we took turns letting Steve fuck us
both, and we did each other.  I'm not sure my boyfriend would approve, but then,
I don't care either.  Three's not a crowd in my book -- not as long as you have
a video camera and PLENTY of tape!

--
