			THE MASTER STUDENT

				I

	He was a B student in my  class, hardworking and conscientious.  
He frequently would come to my university office to go over homework 
problems.  He was one of those students you got to know better than most 
and even began to be friends with.  I'm not quite sure why this was so.  He 
was not one of my most gifted students and he tended not to be particularly 
pushy.  To be sure, I found him attractive (he was about 5'9", well 
proportioned with good definition,  and had an attractive face with short 
cropped hair).  But lust was not the basis for attraction.  Rather it was 
something about his personality--a kind of commanding presence in a quiet 
way.  He didn't intimidate me--he'd never come close to transgressing the 
proper student-professor relationship--but I think I felt he could if he chose 
to, and I responded positively to that. In any case, when other students 
were not waiting to see me we often would chat informally after we had 
finished our course business.  One time we talked quite a bit about my farm.  
I guess I made it sound pretty attractive because he volunteered he hoped he 
could see it some time.  I said I saw no reason why not.
	When we finished going over problems today we were alone and 
chatting.  During a lull he said, "You remember saying I could come out to 
your farm some time?"  When I replied that  I did, he said, "When can we 
do it?"  
	"When would you like?"
	"Well, I don't have wheels, so I'd have to go out with you.  I know 
you usually go there Thursday afternoons or evenings and come back early 
Tuesday. Missing class on Monday's is no sweat, but   I have one class on 
Fridays which I can't afford to cut.  The professor just canceled that class 
for tomorrow.  ... Any chance I could go out with you today?"
	I was taken a bit by surprise. I  didn't have any special plans for the 
weekend, but for a moment viewed it as an intrusion.  Just then I felt that 
special commanding presence.  It felt good to let him pressure me into it like 
this, so I said, "OK.  But I have to leave within 90 minutes to avoid rush 
hour traffic. Can you make it?"
	"No sweat, Sir.  I'll go get my stuff right this minute."
	"Meet me at the top level of the parking garage in one hour." Little 
did I know he had his things packed and at school and had to kill  time until 
then.  
	We met at the appointed time and drove. The temperature was cool 
and he wore a leather jacket. We talked only sporadically. Once we had 
gotten outside the urban area, it suddenly occurred to me that I'd left a
lot of SM gear--rack, bondage items, etc.--out in my main bedroom after my
last masturbatory scene. There was SM porn scattered all over.  I couldn't see 
any way to keep him from spying the stuff;  there was no way to get into the 
house without passing the room;  and there are no doors on it.  I spent the 
rest of the time worrying what his reaction might be and what I might try to 
say in explanation.  "Oh, why did I let him talk me into this?" I thought.  As 
he sat opposite me, he said little, but glanced on and off over towards me.  
He was more commanding there than at my office, and for the first time he 
struck me as slightly cocky.  "I bet ou're feeling pretty proud of yourself 
for pulling off this invite," I thought.  But  the hint of cockiness made him 
more attractive and more dominating. I wondered how cocky he'd be with a 
peer or somebody subordinate. 
	As we drove down the road into my farm, I'd come up with no way 
of dealing with  the SM stuff lying around.  I decided to say nothing unless 
he took the lead. He grabbed a medium soft clothing bag and followed me 
into the house.  I offered to show him around, trying to steer him away 
from my large bedroom  which doubled as living room.  I showed him the 
bathroom and his room upstairs.  He sat at the kitchen table and I offered 
him a beer.  He took one, then gazed into my room. "I guess that's your 
room, huh?"  Then he got up, walked towards it, and pointed to all the SM 
apparatus.  "Looks like somebody's into a little kinky stuff.  Mind if I take a 
look and see what you got?"  There wasn't much I could do except say, 
"Sure."  and think to myself that his reaction didn't seem negative so far. 
He went in and looked it over. "You put yourself in it and do an SM trip on 
yourself while you jerk off?"  It was as much a statement as a question. 
	"Yeh.  You guessed it."
	"It'd be a lot better if you were doing it with an S."
	"Maybe.  But you got to find the right one.  That's not easy.  Also, 
with AIDS there's too much risk.  This way works and its safe."
	"You must be HIV negative, right?"
	"Yes."
	"So am I."
	He continued to look at the stuff, then sat down and peeked through 
a lot of the porn.  He seemed to be taking note of what pages I'd dog-eared. 
I wondered, might he be in to SM?  After a few minutes he spoke again, 
"You know, it might be a lot easier and safer than you think to find a real S, 
the right S for you."  A bit of the earlier cockiness was there.  He read some 
more, then got up, and said, " Well, I'm going to go and change into 
something more appropriate."  Just as  he was about to start up the stairs 
heading  towards his room, he turned with a cocky grin and said, "While I 
do, why don't you get out of those things?"  
	It was phrased as a question, but I took it more as a command. I 
went into my room and stood there trying to decide what to  change into.  
But, then, I thought, "He didn't say to change into  something else.  He 
said to get out of these clothes.  Is he telling me to strip?"  I pondered it a 
bit. "Is he propositioning me? Was he offering to be S to me when he said it 
might be easier than I thought to find the right S? He said he's HIV 
negative.   Maybe I'd better strip.  ... But what if I'm wrong, if he's not 
interested?  What will he think if he comes down and finds me naked here--
especially after finding all my SM stuff?"  But the more I pondered, the 
more I felt dominated by him.  I fantasized him coming down and finding 
me naked and submissive.  Whether he was propositioning me or not, it 
would be humiliating--and erotic.  I got a raging hardon just thinking about 
it.  "You know," I said to myself," it was a bit humiliating  ... his finding all 
my SM stuff and finding I was into that stuff. But it was wasn't  all that 
bad.  In fact, I sort of liked it once it came down.  ... What the hell, I'll risk 
it."  I was hoping he would be S to me.  I took my clothes off and put them 
away and positioned myself in a "parade rest" position--legs spread and 
arms clasped in the small of my back--awaiting his return.


					II

	He came down the stairs in full leather.  He had on motorcycle 
boots, leather pants, studded belt, leather vest, and a leather motorcycle hat. 
He came up to me, stopping at arms length.  He looked me over slowly 
from top to bottom.  He exuded confidence and I lowered my eyes in 
deferential servitude.  He reached out and softly grabbed my free hanging 
testicles.  Slowly he fondled them gently.  Then, suddenly without 
warning, he ground his thumb into my balls. I winced but said nothing.  
Then, as he did, he took one of my nipples with his other hand and started 
pinching it roughly, digging his nails in.  Next he took the other tit in his 
teeth and started biting--harder and harder.  Pretty quickly he was working 
full force with each.  Suddenly he put an arm around my neck, drew my 
lips to his, and kissed me probing deeply with his tongue as he continued to 
work my balls hard. 
	He suddenly stopped, stepped backwards, and said, "Assume the 
position, Slave." As I said, "Yes, Master, "  I bent over and grabbed my 
ankles.  It was painful as I stood there stretched with my ass up in the air 
like that;  but I dared not complain or ease my position.  In a minute or so he 
pulled the studded belt out of his leathers and began to crack it, studs down, 
full strength on my ass.  "Count them out, fucker." "One."  "One what?"  
"One, Sir!"  "What else do you have to say?"  "Thank you Sir!" "Two, Sir. 
Thank you Sir!" "Speed up;  you're behind in the count." "Yes, Sir!. Three, 
Sir!. Thank you Sir! Four, Sir!. Thank you Sir! ....." He stopped at 150. I 
remained in the position awaiting further orders.
	"On your knees!" I knelt. "Get my cock out and suck it. ... No 
hands!"  I leaned forward with my mouth and tried to pull out the zipper tab 
with my tongue.  "Hurry up!  I said to suck my cock!" he said as I fumbled.  
Then he began switching my back with a quirt. "Get a move on!"  Finally I 
got the zipper in my teeth and pulled it down.  I dug my tongue and lips into 
his crotch and finally hooked his cock with my tongue and slurped it toward 
the opening.  All the while blows are raining harder and harder on my back. 
Once I get his cock into my mouth they stop. ...  It is a nice cock. ... Not too 
thick, fairly long, and uncut.  I tongue the cheesy foreskin, and do my best 
job cocksucking.  But I'm at best fair, and I keep him rock hard, but he 
doesn't come. Eventually he pulls it out dripping with saliva. "Bend over!" 
"Yes, Master!" I do so. bending my knees to accommodate for my being 
taller. He  plunges his cock into the hilt, grabbing my hips, and rides the 
hell out of me. I'm full and ungreased, and it's a bit raw. I scream  He 
keeps it up long enough to make it pretty uncomfortable. 
	When he finally climaxes, he leaves it in there until it begins to get 
soft.  Then he pulls it out and says, "On your knees, Slave!" "Yes Master!"  
His dick is covered with brown shit smears. "Clean me off, you filthy pig." 
"With Honor, Master." "As I took it into my mouth and began cleaning it 
off inside with my tongue and lips, he snarled, "Don't get uppity.  You're 
not much of a slave.  Hell, you're even a worse cocksucker than you are a 
college teacher.  And you're not much good at that either. Otherwise I'd be 
Aceing your course--hard as I work at it"  I continued to suck long after he  
was clean. He began to harden again, and as he got hotter he grabbed the back 
of my head and pulled me deep onto his rod.  I discovered he was plenty big
for my mouth as I gagged and struggled for my breath.  He continued to 
hold me down until he shot a wad down deep down my throat. "I hope he's 
telling the truth about being HIV negative;  cause  this ain't 'safe sex' and 
he's got me filled at both ends." He held me there longer and then let loose 
his bladder.  I gagged and sputtered as I tried to take his piss. More of his 
body fluids.  
	He pulled out after he was empty.  I stayed kneeling at his feet. 
After a while he said to me, "Tell me what you are."  
	"I'm a slave, Sir!"  
	"Whose Slave?"  
	"Yours, Master!"  
	"What does it mean to be my Slave?" 
	"It means, Sir, that I only exist for your pleasure, Sir.  That my body is 
yours to do whatever you please with. Sir!."  
	"What about your pantyassed 
fucking mind?" 
	"That belongs to you too, Sir." 
	"I command you to love and adore whatever I do to you. If at 
any time you have feelings of anger or resentment to me, you are 
to confess them immediately.  Understand?" 
	"Yes, Master." 
	"Some other rules: You are not to speak unless spoken to.  
You are to be available for service and show respect to me at all times.  You 
are forbidden to use furniture.  You may not do ANYTHING unless 
ordered by me to do so. UNDERSTAND?" 
	"Yes, Master."  
	"Finally, you are always bound by whatever rules I make up.
Understand?" 
jjjj
	It was scary.  But his command over me was powerful and I replied,
"Yes  Master. I am bound by all  these conditions and any others you may
impose."  Impulsively I added, "Thank you for enslaving me, Sir!"  
	He caught me in the chin with his knee, knocking me on my side 
and then proceeded to kick me hard in the groin.  Instinctively I put my hands down there to protect myself. 
	"How dare you resist me! Get your hands away from there 
immediately!"  
	Scared shitless I complied. He kicked repeatedly at my 
crotch with his boots.  
	"You got a lot to learn about being a slave, Boy." 
	"Yes Master." 
	"You need some humiliation to know your place."  He proceeded to 
string me up arms above my head, then disappeared to the bathroom.  He came 
back, lathered my crotch and shaved it.  Then he did my legs, arms, chest, 
and back.  He took me down, had me bend over, and shaved my crack and 
balls. Then he had me suck on his dick as he shaved my head. He pulled me 
off his cock, stood back, said, "Stand up.  Let me admire my work."  I did 
so, slowly turning in place when he motioned for me to do so. "You're 
beginning to look a little bit like a slave--even though you do an execrable 
job of being one.  Go  look yourself over in the mirror.  That's how you 
ought to look! "  I did so.  I found I rather liked the "clean look."  It was 
rather erotic.  
	"Maybe I ought top take a picture and pass it around in class.  
... What da ya think of that idea?"  
	It scared the shit out of me.  But  I realized this was a serious SM trip 
in which I'd better do as he bid.  Besides, I wanted to serve him.  And to serve 
him here was to obey  him, so remembering his rules I said, with partial 
conviction, "Sir, my immediate reaction was fear and resentment that you 
might do it.  I deserve to be punished for this breach of rules. I realize 
my concern over the matter is inappropriate.  You are my MASTER 
and ANYTHING YOU WISH TO DO CONCERNING ME IS 
APPROPRIATE. ... I would be HONORED if you were proud enough 
of your Slave to show that picture ANYWHERE including my class." 
	"Well, I wouldn't be proud ... cause you only look like  half a 
slave."  
	He ordered me to lie on the bed and tied me spread-eagled.  Then he 
went to his room and returned with some supplies.  He coated a Q-tip with 
KY, and worked it up my urethra.  Then he took a piercing needle, pressed 
it against the underside of where my glans joins the shaft of my cock, and 
shoved the needle against the Q-tip end inside. Then he worked the needle 
out the end of my cockhead. Instead of inserting the usual "Prince Albert" 
there, he pulled out a largish padlock with a skinny "U" and inserted it 
through the end of my slit and out the new piercing, locking it so the body 
of the lock hung downwards.  "Well, as long as I have the key, you're 
mine.  ... Boy don't you think you're going to have fun trying to get 
through airport security with that on!" 
	He left me for a while to recover from all the trauma,  then returned 
to untie me.  
	"Admire your shaven-pierced body in the Mirror, Cocksucking 
Slave.  See what a real slave ought to look like.  ... You look like a slave.  
Maybe some day you'll start  acting like one who's  worth a shit." 
	"I hope so, Sir.!"  
	After a pause he replied, "It's going to take a lot of training and work 
before that has a Ghost in Hell's chance. He left me there and disappeared.
	Much later he came back and said, "My, don't you look like a real 
slave now.  Let's see if you really are."  
	He  blindfolded me and had me lie down on the floor.  He shackled 
my ankles  to a spreader bar with leather cuffs, then activated the electric 
winch that hoisted me upside down into the air.  My arms hung down, just 
grazing the floor. My wrists were lashed together and a rope pulled them 
back sharply  and  was tied to a ring in the wall.    The winch and rope were 
adjusted so that my balls were at waist height.
	He grabbed my balls and began to work them over. He stretched 
them out as far as he could, then hooked on a parachute ball stretcher.  
From it he suspended a 10 lb. weight on a couple feet of rope, with an extra 
tail hanging off the weight.  He put the rope tail into my mouth and told me 
to clench it with my teeth.  I did.  But  10 lbs is a lot to hold by your teeth.  
Eventually I couldn't do it any more.  When I let go, the weight went 
crashing down until it went taught.  My balls wrenched and shocks of 
extreme pain shot from them throughout my body.  
	I felt something greasy grab my cock.  As it stroked me it rubbed the 
grease all over my shaft and glans.  Then it moved down to my balls.  
Slowly it began to burn like hell.  It was Ben Gay or Mentholatum.  Then 
the hand loaded up a couple fingers with the stuff, reached down and 
opened up my ass.  He began packing my rectum with the stuff.  Soon I 
was burning inside and out. He left me.
	Later he cleaned me up and put me into spread-eagle bondage. After 
looking me over like an animal at auction, he leaned forward and kissed me 
gently. He ran his fingers lightly all over my body and my muscles writhed 
to the caresses that were barely more than a tickle.  I started to get hard. He 
returned to my mouth and gave me a deep kiss, probing with his tongue. As 
my arms were stretched out, my chest muscles were expanded.  My nipples 
puckered and stiffened.  He noticed and kissed my left nipple lightly. I felt 
his tongue moving gently around the sides and over the tip of my nipple. 
My breath caught in my throat. Without warning he bit sharply on my tit.  I 
gasped and tried to escape by  twisting  sideways; but  he clinched tighter 
and hung on as my movements stretched out the tit. Suddenly his mouth is 
on my other nipple, first gently tonguing it and then, without warning, 
chomping down on it with clenched teeth.  Back and forth he darted,  
chewing  and pulling on my tips. The pain grew more and more erotic as the 
action got rougher and rougher.JI was relaxing into enjoyment of the pain, 
when suddenly it stopped and his tongue started lapping my balls. Then it 
sucked them in and began to suck on them.  Gradually it began chewing on 
the testicles themselves, getting rougher and rougher. His upraised hands 
continued the action  on my tits. Just as  I had relaxed enough to begin 
enjoying the ball biting, I felt his hand caressing my ass. Then, suddenly, a 
greased finger surprised my asshole by going in and beginning to probe.   
As my sphincter relaxed, additional fingers were added until four were 
inside.  He thrust deep, reaming out my ass.  He pushed so hard that my 
body arched forward, adding to the pull of the teeth on my balls.  
Eventually he withdrew his hand,  stuck a large dildo in its place, and 
ceased all contact with my body.  
	Next thing I knew, there was the crack of a strop on my buttocks.  
Gradually I got into the steady, even, rhythmic strokes. I began to 
enjoy the burning glow on my but. An inhaler of amyl was shoved 
into my nose and strapped on so I'd get an uninterrupted dose 
of poppers. The strokes--hundreds of them--continued  to rain on my ass  
Then as I grew used to them, these were followed by the bite of a "cat of 
nine tails" on my back--again in steady, slow rhythmic strokes.  In the 
delirium of that amyl blitz, the combination of the  cat on  my back together 
with  the lingering after-pain of everything else that had been done to me  
was incredible. I was so into the pain that I almost didn't notice the 
whipping stop until there was a gentle caress of lips on my engorged cock;  
then the lips took in my cock and he gave me a blow job. Almost 
immediately I shot my wad--and slumped in my bonds. As I did, everything 
else stopped and I hung there in the aftershocks of a deep climax.  
	Wax from a candle began to dribble over my the front of my body. 
Gradually I became used to the burning sensations.  He seemed to be using 
cheap candles that don't burn you seriously like beeswax ones do.   First 
the wax dripped over my nipples and chest.  A goodly amount, dropped 
slowly enough to feel each searing drop.  Suddenly  my cock and balls 
became the target. He seemed to be aiming especially for my sensitive 
glans.    Every drop was searingly painful. He kept it up until my cock had 
a heavy coat of wax. 


					 III

	The Master wanted a break in the action. Wordlessly he untied me. I 
knew that the usual long list of slave rules applied.  I was a bit disoriented 
from all I'd gone through, and I had trouble remembering all the trivial 
rules:  No touching in the crotch area, no rubbing of bruises or sore spots.  
No scratching of itches. No looking up at him.  No use of furniture. No 
drinking without permission.  No getting angry at him. And so on.  Not 
only were all these things forbidden me, I was forbidden to even desire 
them.  But I was thirsty, I itched, I was sore, and I desperately wanted to sit 
down. A further rule required me to immediately confess such desires.  I 
confessed them as they occurred.  But to do so, I had to violate another 
rule--no talking except in direct response to a question.  He'd asked me no 
questions, so I was punished doubly for each confessed infraction.  
Punishments included refusing to satisfy my desires,  a sharp fist to the gut 
that doubled me over,  a kick in the balls, being ordered to lie down on my 
back without complaint as he ground his boot into my crotch. Just before he 
led me off to start the next round he told me it was going to be especially 
harsh since I'd so abused the little freedom he had given me.      
	He took me over to a point about three feet from the wall.  My 
shackled hands were tied overhead to a ring in the ceiling so that I had to 
stand on tiptoe to relieve the strain.  Then shackles were placed on my  
ankles. The right one was tied to a ring on the floor just below my hand 
ring.  The left ankle was  lifted up to waist  height.  From it a rope was 
stretched to a ring in the wall and tied.  Stretched in three directions I was 
extremely uncomfortable.  By standing on my right tiptoes I could obtain 
only the most minimal relief of the strain. My mouth, ass, cock, balls, tits, 
stomach,  back, and legs--all parts of my clean-shaven body--were well 
exposed for plenty of action.  I was blindfolded but not gagged. 
He left me for a while.  I began to suffer the strain of my bondage.  
My arms began to tingle and go numb.  My limbs ached. When it 
seemed I could take no more of this--when I was about to 
scream for mercy--I heard him approach.
	He positioned himself--and swung the bullwhip in all seriousness.  
In the last instant before the whip struck, he snapped the wrist backward.  
The tip snapped viciously against my belly an inch from my cock.   The 
snap of the whip was like a concentrated explosion--intensified by the fact my body was clean-shaven  With the flash of pain .on my belly there was a brilliant flash 
of blue-white light behind my eyes.     "YAA-A-AGHHH! O God! You'll kill me.  
Master, PLEASE!   ... AAYE-E-E-EEEE!"  
	He continued to swing the whip.  Carefully he placed the 
searing tips all around my crotch, each time missing my cock and balls.  
Then he aimed for my tits, working them over until they were welted and 
bleeding.  Next he shifted attention to my balls.  My entire shaved body 
convulsed each time the whip struck my balls.  He stopped.  "Thank God," 
I thought, "I couldn't take much more."  But, then, a minute later, 
through the haze I heard the swing of the whip.  My false sense of 
security was broken  by the whip attacking the glans of my cock. 
	He took me down and had me kneel in front of him. He dangled his 
cock in my face, tantalizing me as his glans grazed my lips.  
	"You want it, don't you, Boy?"  
	I did, and replied, "Yes Master.  Please, Master, may I suck your cock?"  
I would have made the same reply even if I hadn't wanted to suck it.  
	"Beg for it."   
	"Please, Sir!  Please let me suck your cock. Please, Sir, I'd give 
anything to suck your cock."  
	He continued to dangle it in front of my mouth.  I wanted 
so bad to dart out my tongue and caress my master's cock.  But I knew 
better than to do so without permission, so I suffered in anticipation and 
hope.  
	Finally, he said, "Suck my cock, you worthless piece of shit."  
	I darted out my tongue,  caught the dangling cock with  it,  and 
slurped in the huge organ, swallowing it to the hilt.  He fucked me roughly.  
I enjoyed it, even when plunged all the way in it so filled my throat that I 
gasped for air.  
	"Get ready, I'm going to come!"  
	He grabbed me by the back of the head, pulled it onto his cock, 
and  shot a big wad down my throat. He continued to hold my face  
tight against his crotch.  
	"OK, slave.  That was a pretty good job of cocksucking.   
For your reward you can bring yourself off as you drain the cum 
out of my cock."  
	I grabbed my rigid cock with my manacled hands and began 
pumping.  As I approached orgasm, my body tensed.  Just as I was about 
to come, he put his hands around my neck  and began choking me. I 
panicked but kept on masturbating. I climaxed just as I was close to  
blacking  out.  It was an incredible orgasm. 
	He stopped choking me after I came, but kept his cock 
rammed deep into my throat as I gasped for air.  Desperately I tried 
to reach up and get free, but my bonds prevented me.  Gradually I  
was able to get little gasps of air around  the cock deep within me. 
I  began to relax. Just as I did, he let lose with a stream of warm piss. 
	"Drink it, you bastard.  Drink the piss from my cock, 
every drop of it."  Eagerly I swallowed the golden fluid. 
	"Look, you Fucker, I know you're getting off on all the action I'm 
laying on you.  Well a fucking SLAVE  exists only for the PLEASURE of 
the MASTER.  I'm not training you for your pleasure--for Mine!  ... It's 
about time you started  SERVING ME!"  
	"Yes, Sir.  I only exist to serve 
you, Sir."   
	He put me in very light bondage: Slave collar with two 18 inch 
chains to shackles.  I had enough freedom to do things with my hands, but I 
couldn't reach down to my cock.  
	"You're to stay out of my way, but be in close enough proximity 
to instantly do anything I want. Keep your fucking trap shut, don't move 
about of make your presence known to me, just think  about and my 
needs and   serving me--nothing else--and stay off the furniture.  
Understand?"  
	"Yes, Master."  
	He sat in an easy chair.  I went over to a nearby corner and quietly
 sat on the floor moving as little as possible.  Most  of the time 
he just ignored my presence.  Occasionally  he would send me 
for a beer, or to get something to read.  Once or twice he had me 
come over and suck on his dick while he read.  When he went to 
bed, I would curl up on the floor nearby.  Once he woke up and gave me 
some order.  I was sound asleep and didn't hear. He jumped out of bed 
yelling at me, yanked me painfully up to my feet by my cock and balls, 
pushed my head down so I was bent over, and blistered my ass with a belt. 
He told me to get him a drink.  I did. After I heard him snore I dozed off 
lightly again.  
	Gradually I fell into the body-slave routine and was getting to enjoy 
it.  He sensed this and decided it was tine to work me over again.  


					IV

	Around 11 P.M. Monday night he had me kneel before him. I had 
been in total enslavement to him since Thursday  evening.  He scoured at 
me, then said, "Thursday evening you swore allegiance to me, saying 
among other things, 'Yes Master. I am bound by all these conditions and 
any others you may impose.' I intend to hold you to that commitment.  Do 
you have any objections?  Not that it would influence my decision." 
	I pondered, thinking to myself that this unplanned weekend guest 
certainly was making a radical transformation in my life.  But over the 
past 76 hours the commanding, dominating, superior person I'd earlier 
had just glimpsed had emerged fully.  As I had served him in often 
brutal slavery these past days,  I had become completely captivated by 
him.  I loved him--especially when he was brutal.  He has become the 
embodiment of all my most secret fantasies.  For whatever reason he now 
has such a hold on me that I know I'll do whatever he commands.  
	So I answer, "No Sir. No objections. I am honored to be your 
Slave.... as long as you desire." 
	He waited impassively as if wanting something else. I stumbled on, 
"I mean, Sir, UNCONDITIONAL SLAVERY.  ... No Limits." 
	He responded, "Fine.  Now here's the deal.  I get an "A" in your 
course--anything less would compromise our Master-Slave relationship. 
This semester we go our regular schedules.  Sometimes I'll let you come 
back here Thursdays.  You'll give my your other truck so I can come out 
here after class Fridays. You are my slave, no matter where you are. For as 
long as I desire.  As you said, 'No Limits!' ... These are temporary 
arrangements until the semester is over.  Then I graduate.  When I do, I 
don't intend to work.  YOU will support me. So I'll let you do enough to 
hold on to you professor job.  But on, my terms, my schedule.  
Understand?"  
	"Yes, Master." He handed me several sheets of paper. "On 
our way into the city tomorrow we'll stop by at a Notary and have us sign 
this agreement:
	We the undersigned, hereafter known respectively as Master and 
	Slave, agree to enter into a Master-Slave relationship as follows:
	The Slave undertakes the following obligations:  
		1. i am a slave and i surrender myself completely to my 
		Master.
		2. Because my body  is now my Master's property it is no 
		longer my right to protest any use He chooses to make of it.  
		Rather it is an honor if he deigns to touch me. 
		3. It is my duty to obey all and any commands given me by 
		my Master, and to do so without question or hesitation. 
		4. i will gratefully accept whatever bodily fluids my Master 
		offers me and serve as  his toilet slave.
		5. i shall speak only when my Master gives me permission 
		to speak, and any questions I have regarding His commands 
		or the specifications of my assigned duties are to be made in 
		private, never in front of other people.
		6. i acknowledge my inferiority to my Master.
		7. In all personal activities, i surrender all decisions to my 
		Master:
			a. i shall wear only the clothing my Master permits 
			me to wear, and go naked in the absence of      
			instructions to the contrary. 
			b. My bodily functions are controlled completely by 
			my Master;  even the times I may go to the bathroom 
			are to be specified by him.
			c.  i shall continue working as a professor so as to 
			support my Master in fine fashion. Thus i shall turn 
			over all proceeds from my employment to him.
			d.  On the first anniversary of this agreement i shall 
			make my Master  51%  co-owner of all my present 
			assets.
			e.  i shall address my Master as "Master" or "Sir" or 
			by whatever title he chooses to specify.
			f.  i shall accept whatever punishments my Master 
			may decree without complaint or protest.
			g.  i shall keep my body in whatever state of 
			cleanliness, outside  or otherwise,  My Master 
			desires.
			h. I shall keep my entire body free of all hair at all times.
			i. At all times i will stand in a respectful posture in 
			my Master's presence, and will sit or lie down only 
			with his consent.  At no time will i presume to sit on 
			a piece of furniture without my Master's express 
			permission.
			j. my very thoughts will be only to love and serve 
			my Master and to make him, proud of me.  i will 
			never carry feelings of anger or resentment toward
			Him, and if such a thought should involuntarily 
			cross my consciousness i shall immediately confess 
			these feelings to Him and submit to whatever 
			punishment He deems appropriate.
		8. i recognize my duty to keep my body in a proper 
		healthy condition for my Master's use and pleasure.
		9.  i will reside in whatever quarters are mandated by my 
		Master.
		10.  i will eat only  those foods provided or allowed by my 
		Master, when and where he specifies i may  eat them.
		11. i will never drink alcohol or take drugs without my 
		Master's specific permission.
		12. i will at all times be available for my Master's use, or the 
		use of whomever He shall command me to serve.  At  the 
		same time i shall do my best never to be an encumbrance 
		upon Him, or to make Him uncomfortable by my presence.
		13.  i will submit willingly to whatever additional rules 
		(specified or unspecified) or revisions of these rules my 
		Master may wish to impose, either now or at a later date.    
	The Master undertakes the following obligations.
		1. I am a master and I accept this Slave in servitude.
		2. I will use my slave's body as I wish, such usage to be 
		limited only  by my responsibility not to damage his physical 
		or mental well-being. This means I may not maim or cripple 
		him, but it does not preclude actions that permanently scar or 
		mark his body  including scarification, tattooing, piercing, 
		castraton, or noncrippling surgical changes in his body. I 
		will take reasonable precautions to prevent him from being 
		exposed to AIDS.  This does not preclude allowing others  
		to use him sexually if they are known HIV negative or if 
		only safe sex practices  are engaged in. 
		3. I shall provide adequate, if not convenient, opportunities 
		for the Slave to continue  meeting his minimal 
		responsibilities for continued employment as a tenured 
		professor, and I shall use my full powers as Master to 
		ensure that he does so fulfill those responsibilities. 
		4.  I shall establish rules that will attempt to foresee for every 
		situation and contingency every facet of my slave's life. I
		make no promises that such rules shall be explicit, fixed, 
		consistent,  noncapricious,  or reasonable. And I undertake 
		no guarantees that the enforcement of such rules will be fair,  
		consistent, or reasonable.  My sole limitations in making 
		rules and their enforcement shall be imposed by other 
		clauses of this agreement.
		5. Within the self-imposed limitations established in this 
		agreement, I undertake to train and discipline my slave in a 
		manner calculated to guide him toward a perfection of 
		obedient submission that I know he never can achieve.  In 
		doing so, it will be my goal to reward his efforts by 
		dispensing the punishments he deserves and thus should desire. 
		6. I shall steward the resources assigned to me by my slave 
		so as to not jeopardize his long-term security and provision 
		for his necessities.
	Further we both agree
		1. That this agreement  continues so long as the Master 
		desires. It may be voided in whole, but not in part, by the 
		Master but it may not be voided in whole or in  part by the 
		Slave under any circumstances. 
		2. Any disputes between the Master and Slave over the 
		interpretation or application of the provisions of this contract 
		shall be submitted to arbitration.  The  arbitrator will be the 
		Master and his decisions shall be binding and not 
		appealable."

	It was a scary contract. For it essentially surrendered everything to 
him with no protections for myself. It was only as protective as he was 
trustworthy.  Nobody in their right mind would have signed such a 
contract.  But I was not in my right mind.  My fantasies all had become true 
and I, in my 40s,  was in love with a young, cool, demanding, calculating,  
cocky twenty-y ear old who had brutally swept me off my feet.  I might not 
survive it.  But it was a dream come true. And I said, "The contract seems 
very fair to me, Sir. I'll be honored to sign it tomorrow."  
	On our way back to school we stopped at a Bank and had it 
notarized.  I was now a permanent slave with nor essentially no rights and 
unbearable obligations.  But I had a deliciously cruel demanding young 
Master who would see that I got what I deserved, needed, and, in my heart 
of hearts, craved. When the contract had been signed, I felt extremely 
lucky.
	When I got back to the truck I said, "I love you, Master."  
	"When you get to your office remind me to punish you for speaking 
without permission." 
	"Gladly, Master!"

					END
