Archive-name: 3plus/muffy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Muffy


It took Muffy all of 5 seconds to make up her mind.  "Yes, of
course I'll come," she said.

"Great!"  Ed's voice crackled with the static of the airphone. 
"We'll be on the ground in 15 minutes.  Give us an hour to get to
the hotel and get settled, then stop by at, oh... say 6:30, no
that's 7:30 local, my watch is still on Chicago time."

"Okay, 7:30.  Fine, see you then."

"'Bye now," he said, and then hung up.

Muffy hung up and suddenly found she had to sit down.  Her legs
were the slightest bit shaky.  For months now, she had been having
a curious affair with Ed, one in which they had never seen one
another, or spoken, or even exchanged photos.  Until the surprise
call from mid-air, all their conversations had taken place on a
computer bulletin board system - a BBS.  Her whole world view of
the man, outside of the image in her mind's eye, was limited to the
glowing words and letters on her PC screen.  But such words!

Via their modems, Muffy and Ed had fucked and sucked in nearly
every position available, and through some pretty incredible
scenarios.  Several times she had "made love" to multiple partners
via the "CHAT" option on the board, and Ed was just one of a long
list of paramours who had tasted her not inconsiderable charms.

But not once had she ever acted out these fantasies in person, with
a live partner, although several local board members had offered
her their services.  In fact, during her entire adult life, her
only real partner had been her husband.

But Ed had encouraged her to explore her fantasies in real life,
and had indicated he would be a more than willing participant in
them.  Muffy never considered it seriously, but she had never ruled
it out, either.

And now, Ed was about to fly into Ohio on business, and there was
every possibility he intended to make good on several promises. 
The only discordant note in this scenario, however, was that he was
coming in with two business associates as well.  His call was to
invite her to dinner with all of them - hardly a conducive
atmosphere for intimacy.

Nevertheless, Muffy had agreed, and decided to hedge her bets.  Her
outer clothes were perfectly normal - a knee length cotton skirt,
pleated blouse and only medium heels on her shoes.  But her panty
hose were in fact stockings with a garter belt (a favorite item for
Ed), her bra was her laciest and her panties were left in the
drawer.

Luckily her husband was out on the road himself, and wouldn't be
back until Tuesday.
Feeling delightfully decadent, Muffy drove over to the hotel and
sat down at the bar, as instructed, to wait for her dinner
companions.

Halfway into her drink she heard someone say, "Muffy?"

Swinging around on the stool, she was confronted by the deepest
steel-blue eyes she'd ever seen.  They looked mildly inquisitive,
and were accompanied by a mass of tousled sandy hair, a finely
chiseled face and an enormous pair of shoulders.  This tanned god
filled her field of vision, he seemed larger than life.  "Ed?" she
gasped.

"Sorry, luv," the god answered, "Ed's the short fella over there. 
The nime's Mike."

Muffy was momentarily confused, she had forgotten that Ed had
described himself as having black hair and brown eyes.  She sat
back and shifted her gaze where Mike indicated.  Indeed, this guy
matched Ed's description to a  "T", 5'9", thick black hair, dark
brown eyes, a mustache and that dark complexion.  He looked
Mediterranean, but she recalled he was half hispanic.  He also had
thin framed glasses, which he had never mentioned but which did not
seem out of place - they framed his face nicely.  But there was
that slightly mischievous gleam to his dark eyes, just as she had
known there would be.  "Hi, doll," he grinned, "and this is
Maureen."

The third member of this group was a smallish woman, perhaps 5'
tall, with masses of red curls, a classic Irish face with a light
spray of freckles across her nose, and what appeared to be a good
figure, although because she was wearing a raincoat it was hard to
tell.  "Pleased to meet you," she said in the light, sweet voice.

Muffy shook hands all around, noting that each person's grip
matched their personalities - Mike's massive, strong, reassuring;
Ed's friendly, warm but with a suggestive squeeze to it;  Maureen's
petite, almost reserved, but still reassuringly firm.

The three had their coats on, but over a quick drink it was decided
that they would simply eat at the hotel restaurant.  All during
dinner, Ed kept up a lively conversation, acting as moderator but
not seeming obtrusive at bringing everyone into the discussion.  He
seemed to be as forthright and friendly as he was on the BBS.  But
Muffy's head was turned by Mike, a co-worker of Ed's who originally
hailed from near Perth, Australia.  Apparently, Mike had grown up
on a cattle ranch there, and had played championship rugby for his
school as well.  He certainly looked the part, with his broad
shoulders, barrel chest, trim waist and strong legs.  He also had
a great ass.  And his accent drove her nuts.

Although she was ostensibly friends with Ed, and may actually be
getting into bed with him later, she found herself wishing Ed was
out of the picture, so that she could explore the wonderful world
of Mike from Perth.

Ed was completely aware of his "date's" enfatuation with his
partner, and found it extremely amusing.  He knew that in a beauty
contest, Mike would kick his ass every time, but it never fazed
him.  "Why worry about things you can't change," was one of his
many creeds.  It went along with "Play the hand you're dealt."  But
Ed had actually dealt this hand himself, and he had stacked the
deck.

After an enjoyable dinner, the four returned to the lounge, where
a dj had set up shop in a corner.  After the first round of drinks,
however, they quickly grew tired of the music.  None of them were
into the bubble gum pop stuff the skinny, balding man seemed to
play constantly.  "I think this guy was booked for the bar mitzvah
next door," Ed joked.

It was decided that they would adjourn to the suite the travelers
had booked and make use of the bar there.  If Muffy had been one on
one with either guy, she would have jumped him the minute they got
to the room.  In fact, if she had been one on two with both of
them, she still may have gone for it.  But Maureen seemed to be a
real drag on the party.  Not that she wasn't extremely nice, and
very pretty as well (with a huge set of breasts that had been
hidden by the raincoat), but she seemed to be a constant guarantee
that nothing sexual would take place.

The suite seemed to emphasize that point.  Mike and Ed were sharing
one bedroom, Maureen had the other.  The common room had several
comfortable couches and chairs, and a quick trip to the bathroom
off the center room revealed a large jacuzzi.  It's a shame they
wouldn't get to use it.

There was only one hope that Muffy could see, and it was realized
after several rounds of drinks.  At that point, Maureen stood up
and stretched (threatening to pop several buttons off her blouse)
and declared she was going to bed.  Muffy's heart leapt, perhaps
this would turn out alright after all.

After Maureen had retired, Mike freshened everyone's drink.  Ed
swirled his drink, gazing reflectively at it and spoke, almost to
himself, "You know, Mike, I think Muffy really likes you."

Muffy almost choked on her scotch.

"Really, mite?"  Mike said, "wot mikes yer think that?"

"Well, I'm not too sure, but when she first laid eyes on you, I
could swear her nipples were going to poke through that blouse."

Muffy blushed bright crimson from her throat to the roots of her
long blonde hair.

"Well, it'd be a shime to ruin such a noice blouse as that."
"That it would, my man," Ed said, "that it would.  You know, if you
asked her, I'd bet she'd sleep with you."

"Aw, I could never horn in our your play, pard.  After all, if it
weren't for you, I'd've never met 'er."

As a child, Muffy had hated being talked about right in front of
her face.  Many times her step-mother had complained to her father
with her standing right there, and they acted as if she weren't
even in the room.

She'd hated it then, but this was actually exciting.  Two really
great guys were politely arguing over which one was going to get to
fuck her brains out.  It was funny, 10 minutes ago she would have
been rooting for Mike, but now as she listened to them both, she
found them equally attractive.  Maybe it was the scotch.  Anyway,
she couldn't stand the suspense any longer, and blurted out, "Why
don't you both fuck me?"

They both turned their heads, and looked at her, seemingly
surprised that she actually could talk.  She knew it was probably
an act, but it was a damned effective one at that.  She was ready
to go!

"Both of us, hmmm," Mike mused.

"One after another....?"  Ed asked.

"...or both of us together?" Mike finished.

"Fuck!" Muffy answered, "One at a time, all together or taking
turns, I don't care."  She stood up, swinging her long blonde hair
back over her shoulder.  "Just get over here."

Both men stood up and were instantly at her side.  Mike bent down
and gave her a deep, soul-searching kiss.  Ed slid one hand around
her waist and hugged her hip, the other hand sliding down on her
ass as he stuck a tongue in her ear.

Mike's hand ran down the front of her blouse, undoing buttons.  He
brushed her aching tits only lightly.  When he got to the waistband
of her skirt, he pulled the blouse up out of it.

Once the blouse was totally unbuttoned, Ed slipped it off her
shoulders and down her arms.  It dropped to the floor.  Mike,
meanwhile, continued kissing her while massaging her tits heavily
with his huge hands.  Ed undid the clasp of her bra, and it came
off in Mike's hands.  He pulled it free from Muffy's arms and
returned to the chest massage.

Ed ran a hand up under her skirt, along the inside of one leg. 
When he got to the garter at the top of the stocking he murmured "I
knew it," then continued up towards her pussy.  Muffy could hear
the sharp intake of his breath in surprise as his fingers contacted
the fluffy curls of her pubic hair without encountering panties. 
In a second, however, she gasped sharply herself as his fingers
slid into that tangled mound and caressed her labia.

She now had two hands on her tits, one one her ass and one teasing
her pussy.  Suddenly (but not surprisingly) her knees got weak. 
She felt the men gently lower her to the floor, then lay her back.

Mike dropped his lips from hers and fastened them around a nipple. 
Ed busied himself with the zipper and catch on her skirt, and she
was soon naked except for her stockings and garter belt.  Mike
picked up his head, as finished pulling the skirt off her legs. 
Muffy felt like she was on display for these two studs as the
knelt, one at her side, one at her feet, gazing down on hr naked
loveliness.  Then they began to take off their shirts.

Within seconds, both men were as naked as she.  Mike was, as
expected, well-endowed with what appeared to be 7 inches of steel
hard manhood.  Ed was of average size, but also rampant. Mike
returned to suckling her breasts.  Ed leaned down over her legs,
which were slightly parted, and extended the tip of his tongue so
that it lightly, almost imperceptibly, grazed the length of her
pussy.
Muffy's response was immediate and electric.  She shivered
deliciously and thrust her hips off the deep carpet, trying to urge
that tongue to do more.

Ed pulled his head back, however, and continued to tease her
lightly and gently with his tongue.  Every so often he would
flatten it out and lick her hard, sending jolts of pleasure through
her body.  But then he would pull back and tease her some more.

Mike for his part was licking circles all around her nipples,
teasing her as well but with more direct contact.  He would suck
one, then the other, then bite them gently, causing her to whimper
and moan.  The two men were not in sync, each was hyper-stimulating
her at odd intervals, making it difficult to catch her breath. 
Finally, the teasing got to be too much for her.  She settled her
ass down on the carpet, making Ed have to move done to apply his
tongue, then she flung up her stockinged legs and wrapped them
around his head, pulling him into her sex nose first.

"Mmmmph," the startled stud gasped into her pussy, setting off new
waves of pleasure.  At the same time, Mike, also startled by her
move, sat back on his heels briefly.  Muffy lifted her head up and
caught a guick glimpse of Ed's eyes, watching her from above her
pubic mound.  They sparkled with pleasure and/or amusement.  Then
she turned her head quickly and plunged her mouth over Mike's
massive tool.

"Mmmmm, looks like she turned the tibles on us, mite."

"Mmm, pfff, mmm hmmph hfff," Ed answered with his lips around her
clit, sending Muffy crashing into orgasm.
After she had recovered (and freed Ed's trapped head) she swung
around on her hand's and knees.  She lifted her head from Mike's
huge cock, grabbed his stiff member and began steadily jacking him
off.

"I want this big fucker up my pussy," she declared.

"Ho- ho- hold on there, woman," Ed said as he lay down beside her,
looking up into her eyes as he absentmindedly twiddled one of her
nipples.  "You are in no position to make demands here.  We're in
charge and you'll take what you get."

"Fine, whatever you say," she said, lowering her eyes in mock
contrition.

"Mike, get behind her and shove that big fucker up her pussy," Ed
ordered.  As Mike slid around behind her, Muffy looked up at Ed
again, who was grinning.  "I want to suck you while he fucks me,"
she said in her best Kathleen Turner imitation sultry voice.

"Absolutely not," he declared, "Instead of that you're going to
suck me while he fucks you."  Ed hitched forward on his knees and
presented his cock to her.  She immediately started sucking it.

Mike came up behind her, got his knees between hers and grabbed her
hips.  She nearly fainted in ecstacy as he slid his prick slowly
into her pussy.  Pretty soon the three established a rhythm, with
Ed's in-stroke matching Mike's out-stroke.  Muffy felt as if she
were impaled by one long cock from her pussy to her mouth.

Her jaw was just starting to get tired when Ed's eyes glassed over.
"Oh babe, I'm gonna cum," he gasped, and without further warning
spurted jet after jet of thick, sweet cum into her mouth.

Muffy's cheeks bulged out to accomodate the load, but after the
initial surprise, she was able to swallow quickly enough to not
lose a drop.  Utterly drained,  Ed fell back, then he got up, sat
on the couch, put his head back and closed his eyes.

"Out-RAGEOUS," he mumbled.

Meanwhile, Ed's withdrawal had allowed Muffy to relax a bit and she
dropped her chin and breasts dwon onto the carpet,  her ass still
lifted high as Mike smoothly fucked her from behind.  This new
angle, however, took her love channel out of alignment with his
dick, with the result that it provided a tighter angle and more
friction for him to push into to.  He renewed his attack
vigorously, grunting with each thrust.

Muffy , too, grunted as each thrust slammed home.  He rnipples were
being rubbed against the carpet, and she could feel another orgasm
starting deep in her pussy.  Push- push- push- went Mike, each push
bringing them closer to the edge.  Then, as Mike's prick ground
against her channel one time to many, Muffy came, wailing an
ecstatic moan into the carpet, her fingernails digging deep into
the shag pile.

Her spasming cunt sent Mike over the edge as well,  with a cross
between a grunt and a moan, he rocketed his cum into her, splashing
jets of jism deep into her pussy.

After what seemed like 10 minutes, their orgasms finally subsided. 
Mike withdrew form her well-fucked channel and Muffy collapsed onto
the carpet.  Mike lay down next to her and seemed to pass out. 
After a minute of catching her breath, Muffy flipped over on her
back and lay her tousled blonde head on Mike's outstretched arm. 
She opened her eyes and found Ed looking right into them from up on
the couch.

"Hi gorgeous," he murmured.

"Hi babe," she answered softly.

"How about a jaccuze to wind down," he asked.

"Mmmm, sounds heavenly," she said.

"I'll go get it started."

After he had left, she closed her eyes again.  She heard the
soothing splash of the water in the tub.  The gentle roar dimmed as
she dozed.

She was dimly aware that someone was settling down between her
legs, and she again felt those teasing caresses of a tongue
fluttering against her pussy.

"Ohhh, Ed," she groaned, "What about the jacuzzi?"

The tongue only fluttered more avidly between her labia.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, "okay, yeah, in a minute."

Muffy was in absolute heaven.  Here she was snuggling against a
hunk of a man who had just fucked her deeply while the most
inventive lover she had ever come across (for real or online) was
licking out her freshly fucked pussy.  She marvelled that Ed would
eat her out with Mike's cum still in her.  Almost as if reading her
thoughts, the tongue dived deep into her pussy and licked out some
of the juices there.

She moaned again and moved her hands down to urge Ed deeper into
her pussy.  Her fingers found his head and curled themselves in his
long, silky hair.....

Wait a miniute, Ed had short hair!  Who the fuck?  Her head shot up
in alarm, as Maureen lifted her mouth from her pussy.  "Hi there,"
she grinned, "tastes like Mike fucked you.  He is dynamite, isn't
he?"

"Wha-?  What?  What are you doing?" Muffy gasped, shocked at this
latest turn of events.

"Well, I couldn't sleep and I felt like a snack.  So I wandered out
here and saw exactly what I wanted.  I hope you don't mind I helped
myself?"

"But, I, what, I never... I've never been eaten out by a woman
before?"

"Well, how do you like it?" Maureen asked lightly, dipping her head
briefly to give Muffy's pussy a quick slurp.

Her head in a whirl, Muffy could only answer truthfully, "It feels
great."

"Then relax and enjoy," Maureen encouraged, then dropped her face
back into the blonde's muff.

Unable to think of any other course of action, Muffy did as
instructed.  Mike, who had awakened during their exchange, hugged
her aourn the shoulders and dropped his hand to idly paly with her
tit.  Maureen was quite, good, but her technique seemed a little
familiar.  "You eat pussy a lot like Ed," she mused.

"Who do you think taught her,"  Ed said laughingly as he came out
of the bathroom.  "The hot tub's ready, you guys want to soak?"

"You bet yer arse, mite," Mike grinned, lowering Muffy to the floor
and hopping up.

"I'll be there in a minute," mumbled Maureen, her mouth muffled by
Muffy's muff.   <sorry, I couldn't resist that aliteration>

"Yeah, a minute," Muffy replied absently, her head back and her
eyes closed.

"Okigh, guls," Mike said, heading for the bathroom, "sixty seconds
and we're coming for you.  Grab the bottle, mite."

"Fuck you, MOIKE,"  Maureen lifted her head and called.

"Mmmm, I already did," Muffy sighed.  Then she lifted her head and
looked at Maureen.  Both women dissolved into giggles.

Maureen crawled up to Muffy and took her in her arms.  "Well, what
do you think about my co-workers?"  she asked.

"Do you have any openings?" Muffy asked.

"Several, but those guys usually fill them."

"No, no, I mean positions."

"Yes, we have several of those, too," Maureen giggled.

"No! You know I mean jobs."

"Who's got time to work with all that fucking going on,"  Maureen
said with finality.  Then she leaned down and kissed her.

An instant before the kiss, Muffy felt Maureen's luscious globes
spill onto her chest and merge with her own 38-D breasts.  She
returned the kiss with gusto, revelling in the new sensation of
loving a woman.  She noticed a distinct flavor to the kiss, then
with a start realized she was tasting her own juices (mixed with
Mike's).  Suddenly, she knew she could return the favor for
Maureen.

Maureen's free hand was massaging one of Muffy's breasts, her long-
nailed fingers tweaking the nipple.  Muffy brought one of her hands
up to touch Maureen's tit.  Their hands met briefly.  Maureen gave
her a reassuring sqeeze, then returned to her breast.  Muffy
reached over and hefted the first female breast she'd ever felt
(besides her own).  Maureen moaned into her mouth.

The two women continued to kiss while liberally rubbing each
other's breasts.  Muffy found herself heating up incredibly. 
Maureen sensed it and moved her fingers down her lover's torso to
plunge into her pussy.  She began a nice finger-fuck tempo which
soon had Muffy gasping for breath.

"Now, wait," Muffy panted.

"What's wrong,"  Maureen asked concernedly, pausing right away.

"Nothing, I just want... well, to eat your pussy."

"Oh, Muffy, that would be great.  Are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm quite sure."

Without further ado, Maureen lifted up her leg, straddled her
companion and gently lowered her pussy onto Muffy's mouth.  Muffy
teased Maureen by chewing her labia with her lips, then began to
lap at the red-head's pussy steadily.

After several minutes punctuated only by soft moans, sighs and wet
noises, Maureen started really grinding her pussy against Muffy's
chin.  Muffy was excited to realize that she was bringing this sexy
woman to orgasm, so she doubled her efforts.

With a long, sexy, rising groan that nearly ended in a shriek,
Maureen came all over Muffy's face.  Muffy drank down her lover's
juices avidly, savoring the new taste sensation.  When Maureen had
finished her cum, she slid down Muffy's body until they were face
to face, tit to tit again.  Then the two sisters of sappho shared
a deep, loving kiss.

Maureen broke the kiss, jumped to her feet and said "Let's hit the
jacuzzi."

Muffy followed her closely, and as the two entered the bathroom,
they found the men waiting for them in the jacuzzi with wolfish
grins on their faces.

"What are you two grinning at," Maureen demanded.

"Well," Ed replied, "we just noticed that this tub isn't quite big
enough for the four of us."

"Well, get out, then, it's our turn," Muffy said.

"Now 'old on," Mike protested, "We were 'ere first.  You'll have to
wait your turns."

"Like hell," Maureen asserted.  Climbing into the frothy water, she
swiveled her hips in front of Mike, waving her strawberry muff in
his face, before straddling his legs and sitting on his lap. 
Shoving her ample tits in his face, she grabbed his glass, swigged
from it and said "Lick my tits, you barbarian."

Muffy followed suit quickly.  When she sat down, she found that Ed
was already half hard beneath her.  She pushed her pendulous
breasts in his face and demanded equal treatment.  As he gladly
gave it, she felt his boner gain strength, pushing up off his
thighs and against her pussy and ass.  Bobbing up a bit, she felt
it straighten up.  She reached down with one hand, repositioned it,
then plunged down onto it.

Glancing over her shoulder, she saw that Maureen had already
accomplished the same thing with Mike and was riding up and down as
if she were cantering a horse.  "Slide your ass sideways," she told
Ed.

"Huh?" he said.

"Slide over," she insisted, "move over on the seat so we get next
to them."

"Oh, okay," Ed caught on, and Mike began moving too, so that the
two men were seated next to one another.  The two women were thigh
to thigh and bouncing in unison.  They wrapped their arms around
one another and shared a sexy kiss.  Then their hands began
massaging each other's chests.  Ed leaned over and nuzzled
Maureen's breast, then began avidly sucking it.

It wasn't long before all four adults were on the verge of cumming. 
The women insisted on finishing the men off with their mouths, so
Ed and Mike sat on the edge of the tub while the girls knelt on the
seats in front of them.  It became a race to see who would finish
first, and both women's heads were whipping smoothly up and down
their respective shafts.

By virtue of the fact that Muffy had less ground to cover, she was
able to bring Ed to the brink more quickly.  Right before he was
going to cum, she pulled back, grabbed a handful of her long blonde
hair, and, wrapping it around his cock, jacked him furiously.  The
incredible sensation of that silky blonde hair whipping up and down
his shaft sen Ed over the edge, and he began shooting jet after jet
of sperm.  Some of it slipped through the golden net encasing it to
splash over Muffy's face and chest.  Much of it got caught up in
her hair, though, clinging like pearly droplets of dew.

The visual stimulation provided by Ed's cum splashing all over
Muffy's body was all that Mike needed to send him into orbit as
well.  His jism rocketed out of his cock, filling Maureen's cheeks
to the bulging point.  His excess spend dribbled from the corners
of her mouth, down her chin, and onto her bulging breasts.  When he
had finally finished, the two women turned to each other. 

"You're a mess," Maureen laughed.

"You too," Muffy laughed.  She then leaned over and licked the cum
from Maureen's lips and chin.  She worked her way down the red-
heads throat onto her chest, slurping and licking Mike's sperm as
she went.  Pretty soon she had cleaned Maureen up totally.  After
a few swirls around her pouty strawberry nipples, Muffy
straightened up.  Maureen began to return the favor.  Within
minutes, Muffy was also clean, except for her hair.

"You'll have to wash your hair to get that," Maureen said.

"I'm gonna wash that man right out of my hair..." Muffy sang, and
the girls laughed.

"Wite one," Mike spoke up, "the guls hevn't cum yet."

"We can fix that," Ed said.  "Okay 'gulls', switch places."

And so the ladies ended up on the edge of the tub with the men
kneeling before them.  To keep things balanced, Ed went to work on
Maureen's puffy slit, while Mike ministered to Muffy's luscious
pussy.  To make it interesting, the men tried to keep their hands
behind their backs, a "fur pie eating contest" Ed called it.  But
the overanxious guys kept slipping into the water, so in the end
they cradled the ladies' asses and ate with gusto.

Soon Maureen began huffing and puffing, tossing her head to and fro
and moaning uncontrollably.  Then she grabbed Ed's head and pulled
him in tight, cumming like mad.   When she was done, Ed floated
away to the other side of the tub and they both caught their
breath.  Meanwhile, Mike had three fingers up Muffy's slit, and
soon she was cumming as well.  Mike floated over next to Ed, who
passed him a drink.

"Whew," Ed sighed, "this is going to be a fun three months."

"What do you mean?" Muffy asked.

Mike smirked and Maureen giggled.

"Would someone mind letting me in on the joke?" Muffy demanded,
sitting up, her long hair swinging wildly.

"Well, Muff, it's like this.  I've got a contract in my briefcase
for the clients sign tomorrow.  Once they're on the dotted line,
we'll spend 4 days a week the next 3 months setting up their system
and training their users, flying home for 3 day weekends on Friday. 
So the three of us will be around a lot."

"Oh, shit, I'll never get any rest!"

"Unless... Hey, I've got an idear," Mike said.

"What?' the other three said in unison.

"We could 'ire Muffy and train 'er as our rep.  That wigh we'd only
be out 'ere two months.  'Course, she'd probably have to visit
Chicago twice every month."

"I'll take it!"  Mufyy cried.

"Don't you want to know what it pays?"  Maureen asked.

"Who cares?" she replied, "with fringe benfits like these, who
needs a salary?"


The end.

--
