                         M U S C L E S T U D S
                         """""""""""""""""""""

                  (a revised version of "Musclestud")


It was 4:00 in the afternoon and I had just gotten home from school.  I
sat down on the couch and turned on the TV.


There was a knock at the door.  I went to answer it and it was Bob, my
older brother's best buddy.  He had dropped by to see him.  I told him
nobody else was home and my brother wouldn't be home until about seven,
but he could wait if he wanted to.


Bob was a sophomore in college, like my brother.  They were both twenty,
a year older than me.  He asked me to turn off the TV so we could talk
for a while.  We talked about different things: I talked about school
and Bob talked about his girlfriend and about working out.  "I hear from
your brother that your folks gave you a set of barbells for your
birthday.  Wanna work out for a while?" he asked.  I told him he could
borrow a pair of shorts if he didn't want to get his clothes sweaty.


We went into my bedroom and I pulled out of my bureau the tightest pair
of nylon running shorts I had and handed them to him.  I really wanted
to watch him change into them.  At first I was disappointed when he
handed them back to me and said, "No thanks," but when he proceeded to
take of his shirt and pants, stripping down to a pair of tight low-rise
bikini briefs right in front of me, I decided not to complain.  "I
usually work out in the nude," he said to answer my wide-eyed stare,
"but I guess I'll manage with these on!" I stripped off my own clothes
down to a pair of underwear (hoping he would like what he saw) and
changed into a pair of cut-off sweats.  I told him to follow me
downstairs to the basement to work out.


I could hardly keep my eyes off Bob, he had a perfect body.  I had
watched him grow from 105 pounds to 150 pounds of all muscle in the last
couple of years.  I could admire his physique especially well with only
that pair of underwear on: the light brown hair that peaked out of his
armpits and stretched from his belly-button down into the bulge of his
briefs.  He was a little over six feet, with huge shoulders and smooth,
muscular pecs tapering down to a thirty inch waist.  The cold air in the
basement had done it's work, for his brown nipples looked hard and
pointed.  The tiny briefs he was wearing fit him like a glove and I
could see every detail of his cock and balls bulging through the thin
fabric.  His thighs were huge and like the rest of his body tanned a
deep brown.  They were nearly hairless except for a downy trail of light
brown hair that started near his crotch and disappeared into his briefs.
And his calves wer e massive, with an even covering of hair.


Bob walked over to the bench, lay down and started doing bench presses.
I stood where I could have the best view up his spread legs, and was
marveling over how high his cock stood out in his underwear even when he
wasn't turned on when he said he wanted to show me his favorite exercise
for biceps.  He stood in front of me with his arms straight down holding
a barbell.  He told me to take hold of the rod so I could help balance
the barbells while he lifted the weight.  He lifted the bar up to his
pecs and lowered it again until it was even with his crotch.  Each time
he lowered the bar, it pressed against his huge cock.  This site,
coupled with seeing his chest and arm muscles flex, was starting to turn
me on.  Then we changed places and he helped as I did the exercise.
Each time the bar came in contact with my crotch I could feel my already
stiff cock getting even harder.  I wished that he would notice, but
hoped that he wouldn't.  I continued the exercise lifting and lowering
the rod with his help...pecs to cock...pecs to cock.  To my relief Bob
took the barbell and started to show me another exercise, but quickly
dropped the barbells and began massaging his right bicep.  "Shit, I
pulled another muscle! Hey, do you have some alcohol to massage it
with?" he asked.  The idea of touching this hunk of beef turned me on
even more than I already was.  I told him there was some upstairs, so we
went up to my room.  I retrieved the alcohol from the bathroom and
returned to my bedroom to find Bob lying across my bed on his stomach.
What a great view of his tight ass cheeks that was!


I climbed on the bed alongside of him and began rubbing the sore arm.
His sigh of relief a few moments later told me that the massage must
have helped, but not willing to give up this golden opportunity I asked
him if he would like a back rub.  He nodded his approval and said I was
a great masseuse!


I made my move and straddled him, sitting on his perfect bubble butt,
and began massaging his muscular back.  I started at the shoulders and
worked my way slowly down to the small of his back, making certain that
I got a chance to touch his warm hairy armpits.  I couldn't believe what
was happening to me! My cock became hard as a rock in my sweats as I
rubbed his gorgeous back all over.  It stuck straight out and strained
at the fabric.  I was glad he was turned the other way, as there was no
way he could have missed my 7-incher sticking straight out!


As I continued to massage him, I couldn't resist the urge to reach down
and squeeze my cock through the sweats.  The cotton covering made it
feel hotter than ever.  So, I squeezed it again and again while I
massaged him.  Then, without asking if he would like his legs rubbed, I
got up and turned around on his butt.  I began rubbing his calves,
loving the feel of the soft hair all over them, and worked my way up to
his hard thighs.  By this time Bob had begun to emit low groans every
once in while. Closer and closer I got to the leg holes of his briefs.


Then Bob stunned me by asking if I would do the front of his legs!
"Sure, love to!" I said.  I squatted down as he turned over so he
wouldn't see my hard-on and briefly imagined straddling his crotch as I
had his butt to rub his chest... By this time my prick had started to
ooze precum juice through my sweats, causing a big wet spot to form.  My
grey cotton sweats turned a darker grey where the juices had soaked
through them.


When Bob rolled over I got the surprise of my life.  His cock was just
as high and hard as mine! At first I wasn't sure what to do, but Bob
said nothing about it, so I climbed on top of his legs (this time with
my rock-hard cock in full view) and began massaging his thighs.  With
each motion of my hands, his cock seemed to jump up more and more.
Slowly I worked my fingers closer and closer to the fabric of the leg
openings in his briefs, which were stretched out two or three inches by
his massive hard-on, allowing me to see the edges of his thick mass of
pubic hair.  He moaned as I inched my way toward his throbbing cock!
When my hands had reached the openings at the top of his legs, I
stopped, not sure how to go on.  But Bob moaned more loudly and
said,"Don't stop now!" I let my fingers work their way under the fabric.
As my hands reached his eight inches of rock hard prick, he jutted his
hips up, allowing me to slip my fingers even farther under his briefs.
This was my first man-to-m an experience, so I took my time exploring
his crotch.  Every aspect of it was so different than the "feeling up" I
had done to girls I had been with.  There was so much more to touch and
grab onto down there, so much more to feel and run my hands over, and
Bob's reactions to my ministrations were so much better than any past
experience I had had with girls.  I squeezed and kneaded his hard cock,
fascinated with the thick veins that stuck out under the stiff skin.  My
hands groped their way down to Bob's huge ball sack, and I dug around in
the warm hair until I found the twin globes of his nuts with my hands.
Throughout this entire process, Bob had been moaning loudly, and just as
my hands settled on his nuts he reached up and grabbed my head, forcing
it to his crotch and grinding it roughly all over his pulsing bulge.
This was, after all, exactly what I had been dreaming of while I had
been exploring, and I opened my mouth and allowed him to rub it all over
his bulgin g fabric-covered prick!


This ecstasy lasted only two or three minutes, until Bob lifted his hips
again so that I could pull his shorts down, exposing the main object of
my desires.  I paused to feast my eyes on his rock hard cock for a
minute or two until he reached for my crotch and grabbed my dripping
cock through my now soaked sweat pants.  His hand filled with my precum
juice.  He grinned an incredibly sexy grin at me as he pulled my sweats
down, and then stared directly at my soaked underwear as he ran his hand
all over my throbbing mound.  "You gotta let it out, it's starting to
hurt..." I told him.  His grin widened, and his hand crawled up to the
band of my underwear, and started to pull.  I sat up on my knees long
enough for him to pull the sweats and underwear completely off, and then
helped him to pull his own underwear down over his feet.  His grin grew
even sexier then, it seemed, as I began to fantasize about what he might
do to me.  He noticed more precum forming in my piss slit and said "WOW!
You're not just hard...you're WET-HOT boy!"


He grabbed my shoulders and pulled my body on top of his, and I felt our
pricks rubbing together on our bare stomachs.  Both of us were dripping
pre fuck juice; our stomachs were a slick mess from all of the sticky
juice within a few seconds.  I could feel his hard nipples pressing into
my pecs, and doubtlessly he could feel mine doing the same.  As our
faces came closer together, and I could feel his hot breath on my face,
he opened his mouth and began kissing me! I responded as best I could,
and we traded tongue and spit and tried to get deeper into each others
mouths.  This went on for several minutes, and by the time I pulled
myself down on his body a little so I could continue my kissing and
licking down his chest, our entire faces and necks were sticky with
spit.  I could feel one of his warm hands grasping my ass, and working
it's way down into my crack.  Then suddenly one of his fingers was in my
ass! I gasped in surprise and pleasure, but it wasn't enough to deter me
from my goal of touc hing every inch of his muscles with my tongue.  I
had never felt so horny before and I was out of control!


He rolled me over and lowered himself down on top of me, and began
easing his mouth down my chest.  He took his time with me, and put
special attention to licking and caressing the hair of my armpits, and
nibbling each of my nipples.  Eventually, he worked his way down to my
belly-button, and began pulling gently on the hair of my "treasure
trail" until his head had reached my pubes.  As he began licking my
balls with long, wet licks, I could feel his fingers going in and out of
my ass.  I couldn't believe I hadn't shot my load long ago, and was
afraid I would shoot it all over myself and Bob any second.  He seemed
to sense this, and began licking up my prick shaft.  The tip of his
tongue scooped the boy juices from my piss hole and ran them over his
lips.  The sight of his head bobbing up and down in my crotch, sliding
his mouth all over my slick pole, his strong jaws working double time to
bring me off, is one of the fondest memories of my early sexual
experiences!


He looked up at me and said with my prick still held between his teeth,
"I want to taste your teen cum in my mouth." That was all it took.  When
he wrapped his lips around my rod again, and his tongue touched the dick
tip, I let out a deafening scream, arched my back, and blasted a bigger
load of creamy rich cum than I ever had before into his eager mouth.
Blast after blast squirted across his tongue and against the back of his
throat, and I could hear (and feel) him sucking deeply to drink it all!
I thought I would pass out from the ecstasy he was giving me!


After my spasms subsided, and my body had relaxed, I felt Bob take his
head out of my crotch, and move his body closer to my head.  When I had
recovered from the "explosion" a few minutes later, I opened my eyes to
see Bob sitting up in bed next to me slowly jacking his massive cock.
All of the horniness I had felt earlier suddenly came back to me, and I
rolled over onto my stomach and scooted over until I was laying between
his bare thighs.  His hard dick was just inches away from my face now,
and Bob tilted his head back and closed his eyes in anticipation of what
I was going to do.  I lowered my head, and stuck my tongue into the
crease where leg meets crotch, and tasted the musky sweat that collects
there.  >From there, my tongue darted over to Bob's fist-sized nuts, and
I caressed every inch of them until they were dripping wet with my spit.
Bob had begun to moan again, and I decided he was long overdue for a
good cum-storm.  So, with one long stroke, I licked my way up his prick,
centered i t between my teeth, and took as much of it as I could into my
mouth.  I brought my hands up to take care of the base of his big-boy,
and started a slow, deep sucking that caused Bob to moan even louder.
He was loving it, I could tell.  My hands were covered with the spit
that had been leaking out of my mouth and running down his cock when I
suddenly felt him tense up and heard him take a deep breath.  I knew
what was about to happen, and I wanted to see those first blasts of
man-cum shoot out of his cock, so I raised my head until I could see his
slit, and aimed his rod into my wide open mouth.  I saw and tasted it at
the same time: his cock contracted strongly in my hands, and a long
thick stream of cum shot out of his piss-slit and onto my tongue! It
tasted fantastic, warm and creamy, and with a taste like the sweat under
his balls! I decided I had seen enough and quickly lowered my head back
onto his pumping cock, and drank every last bit of his spunk.  All the
while, Bob ha d been thrashing about and screaming in ecstasy, but when
he finally subsided I raised myself up, crawled forward, and fell onto
his bare chest, lifting my head enough to stick my tongue into his mouth
and share some of his gift to me while we kissed. We exchanged cum and
spit for quite for a while, but we both were low on energy so it
couldn't last forever.  I put my head on one of Bob's round pecs, and
lay my hand on his now soft horse-dick, and fell asleep with his strong
arm around me.


We must have slept that way for an hour or more, but when I woke I was
alone on the bed.  I just lay there for a moment, buck naked, thinking
about what had just happened, until I noticed that the shower was
running in the bathroom down the hall.  I knew it who it must be, so I
padded bare foot down the hall and climbed in the shower with Bob.  He
was standing there in a cloud of steam, with soapy water running down
his back and into the crack of his perfect ass.  His ass looked so
wonderful that I just reached out and grabbed it with my hands, and
started massaging it.  I leaned closer until my cock was hanging between
his cheeks.  I was enjoying myself immensely, when Bob turned around,
took my cock in his big hands, and locked tongues with me for the third
time that afternoon.  With all this attention, my boy cock had grown
harder than a rock again, and Bob's own had begun to poke me on the
inside of my thigh, so I decided we'd better get back to work.  "Let's
finish this shower qu ick, and then I want you inside of me, Bob..." I
said.  "I thought you'd never ask, kid," Bob replied.  We finished the
shower as quickly as possible, considering that (of course) we had to
run our hands all over every inch of each other's bodies until we felt
clean, and then towl each other off (more erotic fun).  After this, we
headed back to my room.


Bob lay down on the bed on his back, and told me to climb on top.  As I
did, he made me straddle his middle, and told me to slowly sit down on
his cock.  His fingerwork earlier had prepared my virgin asshole to help
accept his rod, and it felt real good as I eased down inch by inch until
I had his fuckpole buried in my guts! He moved it in and out, faster and
faster.  The sound of my balls slapping against his belly, and the
feeling of being driven so hard made my prick harder than before.
Harder and harder I rode his rod, enjoying the ride of a lifetime.  He
started moaning very insistently, and he said he was about to squirt.
"I want you to shoot again, with me this time! he yelled through
clenched teeth.


He reached down and began jacking me off while I humped up and down on
his steel hard prick.  My balls were beginning to tremble from the need
to shoot when I felt him tense.  He slammed it into me hard as he began
moaning and squirming around as his prick flooded my ass with cum, at
the same time he hacked a powerful load of my cum out of my cock with
such force that I it blasted all over our faces, giving us both a well
deserved jism drenching.  Our bodies pounded against each other as we
shot!


After a few minutes we relaxed and I climbed off him.  He cuddled me in
his strong arms as he had before.  We were both covered with cum, but it
only added to the special bond we felt as we embraced.  We drifted off
to sleep again.


I opened my eyes I don't know how much later.  But it must have been
about 7:00, because at my bedroom door stood my older brother staring at
us.  I was scared shitless! I thought my life was over, but he just
looked at us and grinned.  He dropped a hand to the crotch of his tight,
faded levis, reached in, and pulled out his own monster dick.  He
squeezed it, and it began to get hard.  "So, which one of you cuties is
gonna suck off this piece 'a meat?"


What more could a guy ask for?
