Archive-name: Bestial/musthief.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Mushroom Thief


  "Grip! Fang! Wolf! That's it, good boys!"  called Farmer Maggot as he
came down the dirt path. "That's it, don't let 'im move!" The ruddy-faced
halfling walked up, carefuly, to the three hounds. They all stood in a
circle, growling and snarling at the prone figure on the ground. Maggot
scowled. This was the third trespasser in as many days. First that black-
cloaked Big Folk from foreign parts, then the visitors from Hobbiton, and now
this. The figure tried to move, but stopped immediately when Grip gave out a
loud "BARRK!!!Snarrrrrrllllllll!!!!!", barring his shiny white teeth.

  Maggot looked down at the intruder, and noted the dress. She tried look up
at him and Grip barked again. "Grip! Heel!" shouted the farmer. "Well, well,
well, if it isn't Miss Dora Goodbody." The young halfling, in her tweens,
definitely deserved her last name. Pretty enough in the face, with long brown
hair, and a well-padded, "pleasingly plump" figure, the kind most halfling
males lusted after. Her facial expression was one of obvious fear, for Grip
had only backed off a little and still had his teeth barred. The other dogs
also faced her down, just slightly less close.

  "Please don't let him bite me, Farmer Maggot!" Dora begged. Maggot smiled;
he had already noted the stolen mushrooms scattered on the ground. His best
"love mushrooms", the rare aphrodesiacs that Maggot grew and sold quietly,
mostly to rich dwarves visiting the Shire for "a little fun." Probably a
"little fun" like Miss Goodbody.

  "And what about my mushrooms, young lady? They's spoilt' now, they don't
keep long once ya pick 'em. You're gonna have ta pay me back for those."
drawled Maggot, grinning. He knew Dora wouldn't need much prompting; from the
talk he'd heard the girl had "rolled in the hay" with most of the local male
population, at one time or another. After thinking about it for a moment, she
started to crawl on hands and knees towards him, but stopped when all three
dogs started barking and snarling all at once.

  "Heel! Fang! Wolf! Down, Grip! Heel!" ordered Maggot. The dogs backed away,
and Dora resumed her crawl, stopping when her hands touched Maggot's feet.
She reached up and pressed her palm against his crotch. As she did so Fang
pushed his snout underneath her dress and started sniffing. Dora paused just
a moment, then started rubbing up and down on the bulge in Farmer Maggot's
pants. A grin broke across the farmer's worn face. Suddenly she moaned hotly
and pushed forward. Maggot could hear Fang licking and slurping between the
girl's legs. Rumor had it that Dora usually didn't wear anything underneath
her dress, and it looked like the rumors were true. Dora tried to push the
dog away, but couldn't. Maggot waited and watched as Fang's red penis
extended from its furry sheath. Then he placed both hands firmly on Dora's
shoulders and smiled. "Fang! Mount!"

  Dora mouthed a "No!" and tried to get up, but Maggot held her down as Fang
moved around behind her. The dog raised his forelegs up and rested his body
on Dora's back, shifting around to position his penis correctly. She gasped
and squirmed when it found its target. Then Fang started thrusting, pushing
his penis deeper with each stroke. With each one Dora moaned loudly, the
large male organ (far bigger than most halfing penises) stretching her
again and again, a pain and a pleasure at the same time. Soon Dora's sex
was wet enough to let Fang's shaft slide in and out freely, and the dog
pumped his bitch with eager abandon. Both were panting, though Dora's tongue
wasn't hanging out like Fang's was. By now Farmer Maggot has his trousers
down around his legs and was stroking himself, watching the show with a
perverted leer. Dora's eyes squinted tightly shut as she squealed and bucked
underneath the wildly-humping dog. Fang's thrusts quickened in pace. Every
so often Dora's face would contort and she'd gasp or moan or wimper softly.
Then Fang pushed all the way in and held there. Dora threw her head back and
let out a long "Ooohhhhhhhh!!!" as she felt warm spurts of dog-cum flowing
into her. Maggot followed his dog's lead and left a puddle of semen in the
dust of the path. Fang licked Dora's cheek. She tried to get up but he
growled in her ear, instinctively wanted to hold his penis inside her and
tie with her.

  "Fang! Heel!" shouted Maggot, pulling up his pants. "Heel, I said!" Fang
reluctantly pulled out of Dora's sex and trotted off. The girl lay there for
a minute or so, then got up herself and walked away wordlessly, still gasping
a little from her ordeal. Farmer Maggot watched her leave as he gathered up
the love mushrooms, grinning. Time to dry them and get them ready for sale.
They worked much better that way than when they were fresh. While he gathered
up his almost-stolen wares, one of Maggot's sons walked up.

  "Was that Dora Goodbody walking off?"

  "Yep. Had to set the dogs on her."

  "Again?"

  "Uh-huh. Sixth time in the last month. I'm beginning t' think the little
hussy likes it!"

--
