	I have always wanted to make love to my aunt Kellie.  Many times I have seen her scantily dressed in panties and a T-shirt, a skimpy bathing suit, and even pantyhose and  a bra.  One time I even caught her lying on the couch wearing a robe that was open in the front, exposing her large tits.  They are c-cups, but they look much larger, and she has very dark nipples, almost maroon colored.  She has long dark-brown hair and a fairly trim figure, too.
	At the time this all took place I was about 16 and my aunt was about 30.  My aunt did not live with my grandmother, but my grandmother had to go out of town for a week.  So my aunt called me to tell me that no one would be at grandma's house, and she wanted me to go in every day at 9 am and make sure the house was OK until my grandmother returned.  I saw no reason why I couldn't, so I agreed, knowing that since I lived closer to their house, I should be the one checking it.
	The first two days I stopped by to make sure everything was OK, and nothing happened.  The house was cold and dark.  On the third day, though, something happened that I will never forget . . .
	I was checking the house, just as my aunt had wanted me to do.  When I unlocked the door, I noticed that the living room light was on.  I didn't remember turning it on, but I didn't think much about it.  Then, as I got to about the middle of the room my aunt walked in, completely nude, drying her hair with a towel after just getting out of the shower.  I was embarrassed and surprised, and my cock instantly became erect.  Instead of trying to hide herself,  she just smiled at me.  As she towel-dried her hair her tits shook vigorously.  Her nipples were hard and they stuck out from her soft, milk-filled melons.  She removed the towel from her head and let her wet hair flow down her back.  She dried off the rest of her body right there in front of me, making sure to get her long legs, ass, and underneath her boobs.  I thought my dick would explode as she continued to pat herself dry.
	Finally my aunt said, "I guess you're wondering what's going on here.  Well, I've always wanted you as bad as you've wanted me.  Since I knew you'd be here, I figured it was now or never.  If you still want to fuck me, now's your chance."  What could I say?  I told her about all the times I lied in bed and made myself come, fantasizing about her gorgeous body, and wishing that I just had a chance to touch it.  I told her of all the times I tried to see glimpses of her tits and pussy, and she told me that it was no accident that I got to.  She had just been afraid to show me to much, for fear that I would tell someone.  But now her passion had overcome her, and she just had to offer herself to me.  She then pleaded, "Please, let's give each other pleasure.  I need you so badly".
	I answered her by getting out of my clothes as quickly as I could.  When I was completely naked my aunt approached me.  She stood in front of me and our lips met.  We kissed lightly at first, then she opened her mouth and I pressed my tongue against hers.  We hugged each other.  My hands were on her back, then slowly I moved them down to her ass.  She let out a moan as I spread her ass cheeks, opening her up.  Then I moved my hand to her sides and her hips.  All this time she was exploring me in the same way.  She held my ass and pulled me closer to her, my cock pressed firmly against her pubic mound.  I pulled back from her and cupped one of her globes in each hand.  then I went to work on her stiff nipples with my mouth.  I sucked them hard.  she moaned and said that if I kept sucking I would be in for a surprise.  I sure was!  As I sucked and sucked on her boobs milk started squirting into my mouth.  I pulled back and Kellie started massaging her tits and squeezing them.  Then milk sprayed from the nipples onto my face.  It was so wonderful.  Her milk was warm, and it tasted so sweet.  I lowered my face and sucked most of her tit into my mouth.  She reached down and caressed my cock, making it throb even harder.
	We released each other and headed for the guest bedroom.  I told her that I felt like I would come soon, so she told me she would take care of that.  I laid back on the bed and Kellie sat down on my face, then she bent over and kissed the head of my dick.  I licked up her thighs, up to her ass and along her crack.  Her freshly showered skin smelled wonderful and it felt so smooth.  I put my hands on her cheeks and spread her.  My tongue went along her crack, stopping at her tight asshole.  I licked around it, then I pressed my tongue into it.  She didn't taste bad at all, and she whimpered as I tongue-fucked her ass.  Kellie was still kissing my cock, teasing me.  I pulled from her asshole and licked down to her spread pussy.  Her clit was erect and her lips were puffy and swollen, her hole just aching to be filled.  Her hair was damp with her juices.  I sucked on her lips and clit all at once, my nose pressing at her entrance.  She let out a moan and took my whole cock in her mouth, her lips wrapped around the base of my shaft.  We came at the same time.  My come filled her mouth, although she tried to swallow all she could.  She continued to suck my dick, her lips covered with my come.  I laid there relaxing, playing with her feet and toes, and rubbing her smooth legs.  We laid there for about 20 minutes, then she got up and laid beside me.  We hugged and kissed for a very long time, our legs wrapped together, and her tits pressing against my chest.  Milk was dripping out, making my chest damp.  I licked all over her face, making sure to cover all of her full lips, and every inch of her mouth.
	We were hot again and ready for anything now.  Kellie laid back and lifted her legs high in the air.  This was the moment I had waited for.  Her pussy was soaking wet and swollen more than ever.  I held on to her ankles and positioned my cockhead at her entrance.  Then slowly I pushed in, inch by inch.  When I got in up to my balls I held her ankles and really started fucking her hard.  My aunt screamed and her body shook as I shoved my cock into her delicate hole.  My balls slammed into her ass and I licked the bottoms of her feet.  Her toes curled as I banged her wet cunt.  I laid down on top of her and kissed her.  She wrapped her long legs around me, trying to pull me in even deeper.  she arched her back in response to every thrust.  She acted like a wildcat as I pumped her hole.  Then Kellie's body tensed up and with a scream she exploded with orgasm.  Just then I pulled out and laid on my back.  Kellie got on top of me and lowered herself down on my dick.  I held onto her waist as she rode me.  Her tits bounced, and I reached up and took one in each hand, squeezing her rock-hard nipples.  She then leaned forward until her tits were pressing against me and we kissed.  I put my arms around her and she rode up and down on my shaft.  She kissed me more passionately and I felt her pussy start to quiver, and she came again.  But I held back again and didn't let myself come.  I had something else in mind.
	I asked Kellie if she would do something for me, and she said anything.  So I described for her one of my fantasies to act out, and she agreed to it.  I went into the living room and waited a few minutes, then I went back into the bedroom.  There she was wearing just a red floral dress, an her hands and knees on the bed, masturbating herself.  I got behind her and raised her dress.  Her ass was slick with Vaseline.  she looked back at me and said, "I need you so fucking bad.  Fuck me up the ass."  I pressed my dickhead against her hole and pushed in, my entire shaft invading her tight hole.  My balls rubbed her hands as she finger fucked herself.  Her pussy juice was dripping down her hand as she worked her fingers in and out.  I could feel her fingers rubbing against my shaft as I butt fucked my aunt.  My hands were holding on firmly to her hips now, and I was riding her ass.
	I pulled out and sat on the edge of the bed.  Kellie got up, lifted her dress up, and sat her asshole back down on my shaft.  We both started to come.  Her pussy gripped her fingers and her ass gripped my cock as my come spurt into her butthole.  I reached around and held onto her tits through her dress as I filled her ass.
