
                             Vacation With The Family

As Laura walked in the door from school, she noticed dad and mom were in the
kitchen talking.  Dad had the week off from work, and she would sure be glad
when he went back; seems like everytime he takes time off, he gets all caught
up with his 'things to do' and starts creating a list of 'things to do' for
her!  Hopefully, they were not in the kitchen discussing what other things
they could find to keep her busy, she thought.  They seem so busy these days
being concerned about how she spent her time, and making sure she had enough
'wholesome' activities to keep her occupied; she wondered if they would always
do that until she was 18!  Oh no, she thought--as she headed up the stairs to
her room--can I take another 2 years of this?!

Laura plopped herself down on her bed, almost in frustration--she didn't
really know why or if she was frustrated; maybe it was just boredom!  She knew
her parents loved her, but their over-protectiveness was really getting to
her. She gazed out the window and began to daydream about Roger.  Oh......how
she wished she could just have one evening alone with him!  She could
visualize his smile and that look in his eye that just absolutely captured her
when she would notice him staring at her.  Roger was a waterpolo coach at the
high school this year-- and wow, what a hunk Laura thought he was!  She always
saw him during the summer at the pool-- he had been a lifeguard for several
summers; she never really gave him too much thought -- seriously speaking,
that is until this year.  She didn't think she was a child anymore, although
she definitely felt as though she were treated like one-- sometimes it really
hurt her feelings when her parents would tell her she couldn't do whatever it
was that all her friends were doing-- it made Laura feel so untrustworthy, and
yet, she felt as though she wouldn't even know HOW to begin getting in trouble
of any kind!

And to make matters worse, now all she was hearing was how rebellious her
attitude was these days!  Somehow she knew she was beginning to want to take a
few risks (of going against her parents instructions) regardless of the
consequences; and she was growing more anxious every day to just taste a
little bit of what life had to offer!  After all, she thought, I'm not a
little girl anymore, and they just are having a hard time with seeing me grow
up!

Her thoughts were interrupted by her dad tapping on the door, "Laura honey?
It's dad..... can I come in a minute?"  She jumped up and sat on her bed and
when he stuck his head around the door, she immediately greeted him with a
great big smile 'Sure dad! I was just sittin here on the bed reading.  I
didn't want to interrupt u and mom when I came in, since you seemed to be in
the middle of a deep conversation.' 'Oh honey, you know your daddy is never to
busy to be interrupted by you," as a big smile came over his face.  He went
and sat on her bed next to her and said, 'Laura.... I know you're not real
excited about the idea of going on a family vacation with us this year--but if
I let you have your own tent, so you can have a little more privacy and feel
more like you're on your own, will you go along with us?' She hesitated for a
moment, but the thought of having her own tent, perhaps away from Dad, Mom and
Jimmy really sounded great.  She gave him a big grin in sort of a shy and
loving way and said "Oh daddy, I love you!  Can I really all by myself, even
without Jimmy? And can I be away from you guys just a little?" "Sure honey, I
want you to have a good time, I really do.

"He left the room and Laura's mind was now filled with thoughts of vacation..
. . . there were always so many gorgeous guys at the lake that asked if she
could come over to their campsite later on for a beer-- and just the thought
of being able to do that without mom and dad knowing had her very excited. She
went over to her bedroom door and quietly locked it, and then went and layed
back down on her bed . . . . she began thinking of the guy last year that she
finally talked her dad into letting her go waterskiing with...... and how he
kissed her when she came in from the water.  She now was very horny and really
hoped he would be there again....she began to explore herself like she never
had before.  She noticed as she touched her pussy lips, how wet she was, and
then inserted her own finger.  She imagined it was John at the lake and that
his hard cock was pressing against her leg as he moved his finger in and out
of her virgin pussy.  She had never brought herself to this point before, and
she opened her knees as wide as she could on her bed, now inserting two
fingers as far as she could.  In a few moments she had the first orgasm she'd
ever experienced. Now she knew she must have more.

It was 4:00 AM on the morning vacation started and Laura was awakened by dad
leaning over her and kissing her cheek "Comon' baby, it's time to hit the road
for a week of fun!"  Laura was up and dressed in 10 minutes--filled with
excitment of setting up her 'own place' as soon as they arrived at the lake.
When they pulled into the campsite, she was very willing to help unload
everything and didn't mention a word about her tent. She began to help dad set
up the tent, which didn't take long-- then he looked over at her and said,
'well Laura, whatd'ya think?  See any place you might like me to help you put
your tent up?'  She already had the spot picked actually--she found it on the
way to the bathrooms....... it wasn't very far from them, but enough out of
the way so they would be unable to see the entrance from where they were.

After she was set up and had most of her stuff over there, her dad just made
one last comment, "Laura, I want you to have a good time this year; please
don't disappoint your father with any unexpected behavior.  All we ask is that
you are at our tent for each meal time, except lunch.  Otherwise, you're on
your own."  So filled with excitment, Laura ran over to her father and wrapped
her arms around him as tight as she could and said, "Oh daddy, thank you so
much-- I love you.

"The next couple days were spent fixing up her tent and placing all the stuff
outside the way she wanted it, for the very first time.  There were several
groups of guys that she was sort of flirting with.  On the second evening,
right after she came back from dinner, a guy walked by her tent as she was
just putting on a teeshirt over her bikini.  She smiled and he said 'hi, my
name's Brent.'  She sort of blushed and said, 'hello, nice to meet you, I'm
Laura.'  She looked away and sort of blushed, not knowing what else to say.
He told her that maybe tomorrow or sometime if she would like, he would take
her for a ride in his new speed boat.  She was so excited she could hardly
believe it, and told him that would be great.  They agreed to meet at the dock
around 1:00 the next afternoon.

Needless to say, that was all Laura could think about the rest of the
evening.....he was sooooo cute!  She got out her new bikini and windbreaker
she brought for just this opportunity; then wandered back to her parents tent
to sit and enjoy the fire for awhile before she went to bed for the night.
She knew she'd have a hard time sleeping tonight, because she was so excited.
Her thoughts drifted as she was sitting around and roasting marshmellows with
Mom and Jimmy...... dad had just come in from fishing and was cleaning his
catch.  She could feel the wetness between her legs from just thinking about
Brent and what lied ahead for her next afternoon-- and she decided to go back
to her tent and feel her own wetness again as she had the day her dad told her
dad told her about vacation -- she was so horny.

After telling everyone she was very tired and was going to get some sleep, she
headed back-- it was very dark, she had her flashlight to see the path in
front of her.  She made it back and put the flashlight in her tent but wanted
to be a little daring before she went to bed, so decided to go stand outside
where it was pitch black and no one could see and take her clothes off.  As
she slid her cut offs down, she ran her finger over across her already moist
pussy lips..... ohhhh, she wish there were someone there with her -- she now
knew she wanted to go 'all the way' with someone..... she was ready.  Her
breasts were small but very nicely positioned on her torso, and she removed
her sweatshirt and began fondling her nipples right there in the wide open
space as she stood naked right outside her tent.  She brought herself to a
state of arousal she'd never known before....... soon she was unable to
control herself and began coming right there, but held herself to only letting
out a small whine of pleasure.

As she put her nightgown over her naked body, she knew that was what she
needed, she had grown to love touching her own body; it was all so very
exciting and she had discovered so many different sensations.  She ususally
always wore under panties with her nightgown, but tonight she decided she was
a new person, and after all, she was on her own, by herself--why should she.
It seemed sort of nasty and sexy and she liked the idea of no panties on
underneath as she crawled into her sleeping bag.

Tossing and turning, Laura thought she would never fall asleep--she had
imagined every possible scenario of the next afternoon possible, when suddenly
she heard a faint noise outside her tent-- as though someone had just stepped
inside the front flap she left open.  Fear immediately overcame her and she
lay very still, pretending to be asleep.  She was afraid to move or even open
her eyes--even though her back was away from the door.  All she could do was
pretend she was fast asleep.  She even began to fake a louder heavy breathing
sound so that maybe she would be left alone--was someone inside her tent, she
wondered....... her heart began racing.

She now could hear a slight crushing sound of the brush beneath the tent,
which meant someone was inside her tent and moving toward her.  She was
immobilized with fear.  What would she do, she thought....... would she be
raped, killed, beaten......... oh god, she couldn't even screem--all she could
do was lay still and pretend to be asleep. Suddenly she felt the sleeping bag
being pulled open and the corner of it gently layed back across her side.  Now
she was encompassed with fear which made her frozen still.  She could feel the
cold brisk air on her bottom which was exposed from her tossing and turning
and her nightgown being around her waist.  Her mind raced with thoughts of the
unknown, she knew her bottom was exposed to whoever was there--what would be
next, and what would she do?  She knew if she screemed, someone would hear
her, but what if the person had a knife or a gun and killed her immediately. .
. . . she thought her heart would jump out of her chest.....She could feel the
presence of someone but heard nothing, when all of a sudden she could hear the
faint sound of something that sounded like a zipper slowly being pulled.  Was
she going to be raped, she thought, in her sleep?  The person must obviously
know that she would wake up if she were touched, and although she were in her
own tent, wouldn't that be risky for someone to take the chance of getting
caught, should she suddently scream?  There was silence for what seemed to be
an eternity......... She began to hear faint whimpers and heavy
breathing........ yes, someone was in there still and it was a man-- what was
he doing?

Laura's father stood in her tent with his cock now exposed and completely
erect.  He could not bare the lust that had risen inside him; he had told
himself he was just coming over to give her a goodnight kiss and make sure she
was okay.  Now he stood as she was sleeping, stroking the very cock that made
the little girl in front of him. He knew he would never touch or abuse her
sexually, however as he was going to pull the sleeping bag around her, he
noticed her nightgown bunched up high around her.......taking a chance, he
folded it back....... it was his little girl's bare bottom; it was so smooth
and so beautiful.

His lusts overtook him for that moment and he had to take his now erect cock
out.... he knew this may have been perverted, but he could not stop himself.
He now was almost beyond control at the precious sight of his baby girl's
bottom exposed in front of him--the very bottom that someday very soon would
be that of another mans. But she was his now--for this moment....she was his
baby girl.  He stood there for several minutes overwhelmed with uncontrollable
lust, squeezing his now very hard dick, and could not help but stoke it until
he let out a gasp of vocal relief...... he had just exploded his juice on his
little girls bottom....... he knew he must leave immediately, as he would
never want Laura to know that her father's cock was hard because of her
gorgeous virgin bottom that had been exposed to him-- yes, he thought, as he
wandered back to the tent ....... she had it exposed for her daddy to see and
enjoy, for her daddy one time before anyone else ever had the opportunity to
see it's beauty.
