Copyright © 1998,   Bebrack.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





                        
                        My Education
                         by bebrack
  `    The morning was bright and sunny with the definite feel of spring in the air.     Sunlight streamed in through the large kitchen window, bathing us in its warmth as we sat   around the table.  Mom was bustling around, completing breakfast for me, Susan was just   finishing hers and preparing to leave for school.   I was watching mom, watching in a way I   never had before.   She was wearing an old terry cloth robe belted at the waist, and was   barefoot.  Her hair was pulled up into a knot on the top of her head with a few strands still   clinging, wetly to the nape of her neck from her recent shower.  Her breasts swayed with   her movements, unimpeded by the confines of a bra, and I wondered if she had anything on   underneath the robe.
       Usually I wouldn't think of mom like that but last night I found something that had   entirely changed my perspective.   She had gone out for the evening with the "girls" and I   had been snooping in her room for some magazines I knew my dad used to have before he   died.  (My dad was killed in an auto accident three years ago,   when I was only thirteen.)  I   had gone through her dresser drawers and hadn't found anything when I happened to see   some old magazines under a shoe box on her closet shelf.  I reached up to pull them down   and the shoe box tumbled to the floor, spilling the contents on the floor.  There were a half-dozen video tapes in the box.  I didn't pay much attention to them at first, I was too busy   looking at the magazines.  There was a bunch of Hustler and Playboy magazines there plus   a few with people fucking in all different positions.
       I thumbed through the magazines quickly, selecting a few to take back to my room,   then started to pick up the tapes and put them back in the box.  One of the titles on the   tapes caught my attention.  It was labeled Vacation 1989, I couldn't remember any vacation   in 1989 so I took that tape to watch later, after I looked at the magazines.   I put the rest in   the box and replaced it on the magazines I hadn't taken, back on the closet shelf.   I   gathered up my goodies and returned to my room.
       After looking at the magazines for a while,  I decided to play the video.   I placed it   in the VCR and started it, then lay back on my bed to watch.  It started with mom and dad   going into a motel room, none of us kids were with them, then Dad must have been running   the camera because the next thing I saw was Mom doing a strip tease.  She was slowly   dancing around the room, seductively unbuttoning the blouse she was wearing, then letting   it fall softly to the floor at her feet.  Her hands traveled up her body, cupping a breast in   each hand, pushing them toward the camera.  Then she reached behind her and unsnapped   her bra.  She leaned forward and let the bra slip off her shoulders and join he blouse on the   floor.  She remained leaning over for a long minute, her tits swaying back and forth as her   hips moved in time to the music that was playing.  As she stood up her thumbs hooked the   sides of her panties and slowly started pushing them down.  Little by little they slipped   lower on her hips, showing the soft white expanse of her belly, until finally the dark curly   hair between her legs was uncovered.  She kept dancing, slowly turning until she was facing   away she pushed the panties over her ass and let them drop to the floor, then walked to the   bed and sat down.
       Dad came into the picture then.  Somehow he had gotten undressed and now   walked quietly to the edge of the bed, facing Mom.  His hard, quivering cock stuck straight   out from his belly and jerked and trembled as Mom reached for it.  She grasped it in one   hand while her other softly stroked his dangling balls, then lowered her head to quickly flick   her tongue over the swollen head of his cock.  He gasped as her mouth enclosed his   throbbing shaft and hips began to move in a universal rhythm as he pumped his cock in and   out of her mouth.   After a few minutes of this mom got up and knelt on the bed, her ass   waving invitingly in the air.  Dad grasped her by the hips and entered her slippery hole in   one sudden thrust.  I could see his prick slide in and out of her hairy cunt, the juices   glistening on his shaft and on her clasping pussy lips as he slid in and out of her.
       As I watched them, I reached into my shorts and grasped my own throbbing cock   and started to stroke in time with their thrusts.  They were moaning and panting, their lungs   gasping for air as their hips met with soft slapping noises.   All of a sudden he withdrew his   cock, laid it over the cheeks of her ass and shot a load of hot creamy cum all over her back.    I had to go to the bathroom and get rid of a load myself.  As I returned from the bathroom,   I heard Susan coming up the stairs so didn't get to watch any more of the film.  I'd had a   hard time getting to sleep.
       "Susan, you'd better hurry or you're  going to miss your ride to school.", Mom's   voice interrupted my daydreaming, as she leaned over to place my breakfast before me,   "You'd better hurry too, Steve."
       As Mom leaned toward me, her robe fell open a little ways, exposing one lovely tit   clear down to the nipple.  She looked up and saw me watching and said, "Oops," and pulled   the robe closed.  Susan left for school and I sat there picking at my breakfast, not a bit   hungry.
       "What's wrong with the food?",  Mom asked, "You're not eating very much."
       "I don't feel too good," I answered, "I guess I won't go to school today."  I wanted   to watch the rest of that video.
       "Well, okay," Mom agreed, "but you better go up and rest."
       I picked up my dishes and carried them to the sink, where mom was cleaning up   after breakfast.  I sat the dishes on the counter and stepped up behind mom and wrapped   my arms around her waist.   As I put my arms around her, one hand slid inside the folds of   her robe and rested on her bare belly.
       "You're the best, Mom," I said, raising my hand and cupping her breast.  The soft   full globe of her tit filled my palm and I gently gave it a little squeeze. 
       She sucked her breath in, in a surprised little gasp, but she didn't pull away.  I rolled   the nipple between my thumb and finger and felt her ass push back against me.  I know she   had to feel my rigid cock pressed against her.
       "You'd better go on upstairs," she said, quietly, "I'll look in on you later."
       "Okay," I answered, giving her tit another tweak, just to make sure she didn't think   it was accidental.  I released her and went to my room.  When I got to my room, I lay   thinking about what I'd just done, wondering if Mom would say anything about it.  I got   out the video and started playing it, getting undressed and laying on the bed with just the   sheet over me.  I plugged in my earphones so I could hear but no sound came into the room   and started watching the show.  I watched for fifteen minutes or so when I felt the bed   shake a little.  It was Mom.  I had been so engrossed watching the video I hadn't heard her   come in.  She was setting on the edge of the bed facing me and hadn't noticed what was on   the tv.  I took the earphones off and reached for the remote control for the VCR/tv.  She   misinterpreted my move and caught my hand.
       "Steve," she said, "we need to talk."
       "Okay, about what?", I answered.
       "About what you.....we did downstairs a few minutes ago," she quietly replied "I   know you're becoming quite the young man and if you have any questions you need to ask I   guess you'll have to ask me.  Your Dad would have answered them if he were here."
       "He's already answered a lot of them," I said.
       "I know," she said, misunderstanding again, "but I'm sure you have some since he   died."
       "I had some," I said, reaching for the remote control again, "but like I said, he's   answered them."  I picked up the control and raised the volume.  Her voice, from the tv,   filled the room.
       "Fuck me, honey.   Fill my hot cunt with your big hard dick.  Fill me with your hot   creamy cum.  Make me cum with your hot throbbing cock."
       She sat on the bed as if frozen.  Her face had lost its color and she didn't seem to be   breathing at all.  I reached out and took her hand and squoze it.
       "Where'd you get that?," she stammered.
       "In your closet, yesterday, while you were gone with the girls.  I went to look for   some sexy magazines.  I knew Dad used to have and found them and this. It is quite   educational," I said smiling.
       Color was rushing back to her cheeks and throat. She cleared her throat a couple of   times and then blurted out, "I didn't expect to teach you that much.  Or exactly like that."
       "Heck, Mom," I grinned at her, "I'd rather have you teach me than anyone I know."
       "Well, I guess I could show you a couple of things," she said, tentatively, "Your   Dad was a good lover and sometimes we got carried away.  He liked me to talk dirty, said it   turned him on."
       "Yeah, I liked it too.  Especially when you were telling him to fill your hot cunt with   cum," I laughed.
       "You smart ass," she giggled, "I'll teach you...."   She grabbed the sheet and gave it   a yank.  I lay there with my cock in my hand feeling stupid.   She sat there, open mouthed,   not knowing what to say.  I reached out and grabbed her arm and gave a jerk.  She fell   against me, as my other arm slipped inside her robe.  We lay there for a minute with her   bare tit pressed against my chest and my hand pressing softly in the small of her bare back,   holding her against me.  I let my hand stray lower, expecting to feel the waist band of her   panties, but I didn't encounter any such obstacle.  My hand finally came to rest on a bare   cheek of her ass.  I softly caressed the soft, warm flesh of her ass then carefully let my hand   stray lower over the firm flesh of her thigh and onto the warmth of her inner thigh.  I   brought my hand up until it was resting against the hot wetness of her lower lips.  She   quietly moaned as my finger sought the source of the moisture covering the hair-covered slit   between her legs.
       She raised up on one elbow and quietly looked into my eyes, then slowly lowered   her head and covered my lips with hers.  Her tongue pushed between my lips, tasting the   warmth of my own probing tongue.  Soon the movements of her tongue matched the   rhythm of my finger as it explored the depths of her slippery vagina.   After exploring each   other for a few minutes, she sat up and twisting around on the bed straddled my naked   body.  I could feel the hot wetness of her pussy pressing tightly against my belly as she    leaned forward, placing her hands on my shoulders.
       "Got you pinned now," she said, smiling down at me.
       "If you would just slide a little lower I'd show you who's got who pinned," I   grunted as I let my hands travel to the cheeks of her ass.  I reached between her wide spread   legs and gently parted the lips of her juice-covered tunnel.
       "Don't hurry it," she cautioned, "sex is best when it is drawn out until you can   hardly stand it.  Savor each tidbit that is offered and eagerly await the next."
       "Okay, I'll try," I agreed, "but can I at least suck one of your tits?"
       "I think that could be arranged," she said, setting up and untying the belt of her robe.    She dropped the robe from her shoulders as I just lay there starring at those luscious orbs   headed for my waiting mouth.  The nipples were large and erect with a dark brownish   aureole surrounding them.  The brownish part was crinkled, kind of like goose bumps but   the nipple was hard and erect, begging for my mouth to tickle it.  I pulled her toward me   and obliged, sucking one lovely nipple into my waiting mouth, letting my tongue lash the   hard little nubbin until she was gasping with delight.
       "Oh my god baby," she moaned, "suck the other one too.  You're driving me   crazy."  She slowly raised her body from mine and reaching down between us guided my   prick to the hot, juicy hole awaiting it.  I felt velvety lips encompass the head of my cock.    The hot moist tunnel engulfed my throbbing shaft deep into her very being.  Sensations that   I'd never felt coursed through me, wave after wave of the most exquisite feelings swept   over me.  As her hips began to move, sliding my rigid member in and out of her quivering,   gyrating body, an animal lust possessed me and I started to meet her movements with   thrusts of my own.  I pounded my cock into her time after time, penetrating the liquid heat   of her loins.  The soft, slurpy slapping of our bellies became thunderous clapping as we   raced to the fulfillment of orgasm. I could hear the soft, gasping of her voice as she chanted   trance-like in my ear.
       "Oh, come on baby, fuck me. It's been such a long, long time.  Fill my hot pussy   with your big hard cock.  Make me cum with you, baby.  Now honey, I'm coming now!!!"
       My lungs were burning and grasping for air to feed the inferno burning in my loins.    Sweat trickled off her brow and fell damply on my already soaked chest.  I cried out in   ecstasy as my balls tightened with impending relief.
       "I'm cumming. Oh Mom I'm cumming.  Aaahhhh Oooohhhh ahhhh."   My hips   bucked and my body convulsed as I shot spurt after spurt of hot creamy cum deep into her   burning cunt.  Her tits were squashed against my chest as her body responded in kind,   trembling and shaking as she collapsed on top of me, fully, utterly, completely spent.    
       We lay there for a few minutes while we caught our breath until finally she raised up   and looked down at me.  My cock was still buried in her very juicy cunt and I could feel the   soft, squeezing action as she milked the last drops of cum from my rapidly shrinking cock.    The juices from our bodies seeped from around my semi-rigid shaft and oozed into the   tangled mass of hair surrounding it.  I rolled over on top of her and knelt between her legs,   my flaccid member now dangling dejectedly between my legs.  Her hand reached for my   soft and gooey prick, softly stroking it back to life.  I looked down at the red, swollen lips   of her cunt, glistening with the juices of our labors and reverently trailed my fingers through   the jungle of matted hair. 
        She sighed contentedly and asked, "you're not going to quit yet, are you?"
       "No," I groaned as her hand continued to stroke and squeeze my rejuvenated   member, "we're going to do everything you were doing in the tape, and maybe a little   more."
       "Mmmm.....sounds like fun," she breathed sexily, drawing her knees up to her tits.    It opened up the lips of her cunt and I could see the pink inner lips, bathed in their own   natural lubricant, glistening invitingly before me.  I leaned forward and rubbed the head of   my throbbing cock up and down the length of her gaping pussy. I pushed a couple of inches   between the warmth of her pouty cunt lips then stopped to rub my thumb gently over the   little bump at the top of her slit.  Her hips jerked involuntarily as my thumb caressed her clit,   thrusting upward trying to engulf more of my cock.  My hips began twitching, inching a   little more cock into her in slow, rhythmical thrusts.  Her eyes were closed and a soft smile   played across her lips as she concentrated entirely on the sensations radiating from her well-filled cunt.
       "Augghhh....", she groaned as I hooked my elbows under her knees, grasped a tit in   each hand and buried my cock to the balls in her steamy, slick hole.  My ass started   pistoning, driving my prick deep into her time and time again, meeting her twisting, grinding   movements with sheer exuberance.  Her mouth opened, her tongue flicking spasmodically   over her lips as her tits bounced with every stroke.
       I looked down and watched my glistening cock enter and withdraw from her hairy   gash leaving  strings of sticky cum puddled in the folds of her labia and matting the hair   around her pussy even more.  She had her head thrown back, eyes closed, a soft, contented   smile on her lips, as her hips bucked wildly under me, matching my own frenzied thrusting.    Suddenly she arched her back, holding me tightly against her as her body convulsed in the   throes of ecstasy.  Slowly she relaxed, her body losing its rigidity, and sank back onto the   bed.  I hadn't cum and was still buried to the hilt in her sopping wet cunt, my stiff prick   soaking in our combined juices.
       "Oh honey," she sighed, "I needed that.  It's been so long since I had some good old   fashioned fucking.  It feels so good with you inside me like this.  Please don't think to badly   of me, will you?"
       "Heck no, Mom," I answered, "I think you're wonderful, and I'm as guilty as you, I   wanted to do it to you as much as you wanted it."
       I knelt on the bed, pulling her hips close to me, so watch as my cock slowly entered   her and then withdrew, almost to the tip.  The walls of her cunt kept squeezing my shaft and   the juices leaked out and spread over both of us.
       "Mom," I asked, "are those other tapes all with you and Dad?"
       "Uhh...well....no," she said, hesitantly, "Some are of us with some friends we used   to have."
       "Doing this?," I persisted, giving her half a dozen quick thrusts.
       "Yeah," she grunted, twisting her ass to meet my thrusts, " and a lot of other things   too."
       "Like what?," I continued, reaching down and rubbing her clit as I fucked her.
       "Oh god, baby," she gasped, straining upwards, trying to engulf my prick with her   hot, wet pussy, "I don't know.  We'll watch the tapes together and do whatever you want   to.  But now just fuck me...I'm going to cum again.....oooohhhhh....Oh I'm cumming."
       She threw her head back as her body strained and quivered as she reached her third   climax of the day.  Her pussy milked my throbbing cock as I spurted a load of cum into her   already drenched cunt. Then I collapsed over her, her arms encircling me as we lay there   recuperating.
       "Oh baby," she said, "we've got to get up and get dressed.  Susie will be home   before to long."
       "I know," I said, raising off her a little, "but this just feels ssooo goood."
  `    "Yeah," she acknowledged, grinning,  "but I have a feeling I'm not going to have to   wait to long for a repeat performance."
       I raised up off her, my limp prick sliding out of her drenched hole, stringing a long   strand of cum along her thigh.   She sighed and squirmed contentedly as I lowered my head   between her legs, slowly letting my tongue trace along the lips of her cunt, tasting our   mixed juices.  She gasped softly as I found her clit and let my tongue caress it for a moment.    Then I arose, our juices covering my face, and gave her a long, soft kiss.  Her mouth   opened and her tongue cleaned the juice from my lips and cheeks.
       "Baby," she moaned, "you're a fast learner....or I'm a good teacher."
       "Maybe a little of both," I answered, rolling over and setting on the edge of the bed,   "but I think I've got a lot left to learn.  And you're going to teach me, aren't you?"
       "I'll do my best," she said, smiling, "now go get cleaned up and dressed.  I'll go   shower in my room so we don't get sidetracked."
       She got off the bed and bent over to pick up her robe from the floor.  Her ass was   pointed right at me and I couldn't help seeing the red, swollen lips of her cunt, covered with   the cum drenched hair surrounding it.  I reached out and ran my finger up the length of her   slit, softly parting the hot lip and letting my finger slide into her juicy hole.  She gasped but   didn't pull away or straighten up.  I continued to let my fingers play with her cunt and soon   her hand came up to grasp my sticky, limp cock.  She started stroking it gently, traveling   the full length of the shaft.  Without pulling away from my hand she turned her head so her   mouth could capture my soft manhood.  I gasped as her lips enclosed the head of my cock,   applying soft suction as her tongue caressed the sensitive slit in the end of it.  Her tits   swayed to and fro as her lips tried to resurrect my hardon.
       "If we don't want to get caught by Susie, we'd better quit this now," I moaned, as   her head continued to bob up and down on my prick.
       Breathing hard, she stood up and smiling at me over her shoulder, went down the   hall to her room.  In a moment or two I could hear the sound of her shower.  I got up,   showered and got dressed.  Not a minute to soon either.  As I came down the stairs Susie   came home from school.  She rushed by me, heading for the bathroom, exclaiming as she   went, "Look out bro, this kitten's got to pee." 
        I went downstairs and into the kitchen, where Mom was making us an after school   snack.  She smiled softly at me as I sat at the table and watched her.  She looked freshly   scrubbed and radiant.  Her cheeks had a light flush and she moved in a relaxed, easy sort of   way.  She was wearing a light summer dress that showed off her figure perfectly.  Her   breasts were softly swaying with her movements and I could see her nipples pressing against   the thin cotton material that covered them. Suddenly we heard the toilet flush upstairs and   in a few minutes Susie came bouncing into the room.
       And I do mean bouncing.  She had changed into a skimpy two-piece bikini that just   covered the bare essentials.   Her breasts weren't as big as mom's but they were nice size   and barely covered.  Dark tufts of hair peeked around the edges of the bikini bottom with   only a string tied at each hip.  She looked good enough to eat.  No pun intended.  
       "I'm going out and catch some sun before it goes down," she announced, heading   for the door.
       "Aren't you going to have something to eat before you go out," mom asked her,   "besides that's a pretty skimpy outfit."
       "I'm just going in the back yard," Susie answered, "no one can see me there.  And   I'm not hungry right now."
       "Well, okay," mom said, " but you'd better take some suntan lotion with you."
       Susie got the lotion and went out back to suntan.  I got up and walked to the   window to watch her.  Mom came over and stood beside me, slipping her arm around my   waist as she did.
       "Got to you, didn't she?," Mom whispered, "I saw you looking at her.  And I can   see the effect she has on you."  She reached down and rubbed her hand over the noticeable   bulge forming in my jeans.   I reached down and unbuttoned my pants letting my straining   prick leap from its prison.  She slipped her hands inside my shorts and softly stroked my   pulsating prick.
       "Yeah," I said, "I'm going to fuck her tonight, and you're going to help me, aren't   you?"
       "What can I do?," Mom asked, still stroking my cock.
       "I don't know right now," I answered, turning toward her and pulling her against   me, "but I'll think of something."  Her hand slide lower and cupped my balls, gently   massaging them.  My hands went to the cheeks of her ass, squeezing the firm, yet soft   globes of flesh, and pulling her tight against me.  As she pushed my shorts and jeans down,    I pulled her dress up over her ass, letting my hands roam over the soft warm flesh as my   fingers sought the crevice separating her cheeks.  I felt the warm, moistness of her cunt and   delicately pressed my finger into her.
       "You keep that up and I'm going to fuck you right here on the table ," she gasped as   my finger probed her depths.   I was just about to answer when Susie called from outside.
       "Steve......hey Steve, come here I need help," her voice raising with a note of   impatience.
       "Okay, keep your shirt on, I'm coming," I yelled back, "It'll be just a minute."
       I pushed Mom back a little, dropping her dress back over her hips, "We'll finish this   later," I said, extricating myself from her and kicking my shorts and jeans off, and turning   toward the door, "I've got to go help Susie do something."  She smiled as I pulled the extra   long tee shirt down, covering my rampaging prick.
       "You bet we will," she said, grinning at me, "and that's a promise you're going to   keep."
       I walked out to the patio where Susie was sunbathing.  She was laying on a lounge   cushion, on her belly.  Her legs were slightly spread and her arms were folded under her   head.  She'd untied her halter top.
       "What do you want," I asked.
       "Put some lotion on me, will ya," she answered, "I don't want to get red, just tan."
       "Sure," I replied , kneeling down straddling one of her legs, "pass the lotion would   you?"
       "Yeah, smart ass," she laughed, raising just a little off the cushion, "you'd like that   wouldn't you?" 
        She was looking back over her shoulder at me and one tit was almost off the   cushion.  She really had a nice pair of tits and twisting like that almost revealed one to me.
       "I was worth a try," I said, grinning back at her, "you've really got a nice set of   boobs."
       She smiled at me, then lay back down.  I reached for the lotion and sat down on her   leg as I took the cap off.  I knew she could feel my bare balls and throbbing cock against   her leg but she didn't seem to pay any attention so I poured some lotion on her shoulders   and leaned up to rub it in.  I spread the oil over her shoulders and down her back, rubbing it   in soft circular motions.  I continued around her sides and up under her arms.  As I rubbed   the lotion in, I let my hands gently caress her breasts, cupping them softly and giving just a   gentle squeeze.
       "Stop feeling me up, you horny little devil," she giggled, as my hands kept fondling   her tits, "you keep that up and I'll have to pants you."
       "That wouldn't be to hard," I laughed, "since I don't have any on."
       After getting lotion on her back and sides I moved down to her legs.  I started at her   feet and slowly rubbed the lotion on, then to her calves and then to her thighs.  As I rubbed   the lotion on her thighs, she sighed and spread her legs a little more.  I massaged the oil in   tenderly, taking special care to make sure it covered the soft flesh on the inside of her legs.
       "You want me to do your buns," I asked, hopefully.
       "Do you want to?, she asked quietly, twisting around again, raising on one elbow.    This time her tit came clear off the cushion.  I could see the dark pink of her nipple with the   stiff little nubbin sticking out, begging to be kissed.
       "Yeah," I barely croaked.
       "You'll have to untie the bottom of my bikini then," she said, "I don't want to get   oil all over it."
       "Okay," I whispered, hardly daring to breath, "I'll be careful."
       With trembling fingers, I untied  the string on each hip, then lightly pulled the little   patch of material off her and let it fall between her legs.  I poured oil into my palm and   began to apply it to the lovely globes of flesh in front of me.  I let my fingers explore the   crevice between them, traveling down the slopes of her buttocks to the warm, moist valley   between them.  I let a finger delicately trace the lips of her pussy, the moisture glistened on   the hot pink flesh of her labia as I slowly let one finger slip inside her.   She sighed quietly,   shifting her hips to give me better access to the entrance of her pussy.  I let my hand wander   farther up onto her belly, then with feather soft touch drew my fingers back down through   the hair surrounding her slit.  She shifted her hips again, drawing on knee up and spreading   her legs even more.  I removed my tee-shirt and lay down on top of her, my hard cock   pulsating wildly as it pressed between the cheeks of her ass.  She pressed upwards against   me, twisting and grinding her ass against my throbbing member.
       "Rub some more oil in me.....ahhh...I mean on me," she moaned softly, "It feels   sooo goood!"
       "I'm going to put something in you that will feel a lot better than oil," I gasped,   positioning myself and pressing my cock into the entrance of her slit.  I pushed firmly and   about three inches slipped into the hot sheath of her vagina.  She gasped and shoved back   against me, burying the rest of my cock into the juicy depths of her cunt.
       "Ohhhh, oooohhhhh," she moaned, as I started to pump my ass, driving my hard   palpitating shaft deep into her.  I held her firmly by the hips as my cock pistoned in and out   of her, steadying myself and guiding her as she bounced and lunged back against me,   milking my cock with the slippery wet muscles of her spasaming pussy.  I could feel my   balls tightening as we made our way toward the brink of orgasm.  Her breath was coming in   short, jerky gasps as our bodies slapped together in a rhythm as old as time.
       "Oh Stevie, ohhhhh, ahhhawwhhh, aaaahhhhh I'm going to hit.....I'm going to   cum....oh baby fill me with your cum," she panted as I collapsed over her back, spurting   squirt after squirt of hot, creamy cum into her wet, tight pussy.  I lay on her for a minute,   enjoying the feeling of her pussy milking the last drops of cum from my rapidly deflating   dick and catching our breath after a fast and furious fuck.
       "Wow, that was great," Susie said, smiling up at me.  She rolled over onto her side,   leaning on one elbow.  Her tits were raising and falling rapidly with her rapid breathing but   she was smiling up at me with a somewhat quizzical look on her face.  "How come you   decided to try that today? ," she asked, questioningly.
       "Uh,....oh, I don't know," I stammered, "you just got me turned on and then didn't   stop me when I started to do things, I guess."
       "Well, you can help me tan anytime, little brother," she said, teasingly. "Oh my God,   here comes mom!!"  She started pulling away and trying to find something to cover herself   with.
       "Don't worry about Mom, Sis," I said, grabbing her by the hips and pulling her back   close against me, "I'll handle her."
       Mom came out onto the patio and walked up to us.  "What's going on here," she   inquired.
       "Uh....just helping sis tan," I replied.
       "Yeah, it looks like you go her pussy pretty oiled up," Mom said, kneeling down   beside us.
       Susie was looking from Mom to me with a very puzzled look on her face.  I almost   burst out laughing.  I reached down between Susies' legs and gathered some of the fresh   cum from her pussy on my finger and held it out to mom.  She looked at me, slightly   smiling, then stuck her tongue out to taste it. 
       "Mmmmm.....finger lickin' good," she exclaimed, "you really are a fast learner."
       "What's going on here anyway," Susie burst out, "Have you two been up to   something I should know about?"
       "It's a long story, Sis,", I said, smiling down at her and helping her to her feet, "lets   go in the house and I'll tell you all about it.  Besides I'm hungry."
       I pulled her to her feet, then reached down and gathered up her bikini and my tee-shirt and slipping and arm around each of their waists, started for the house.  As we got to   the sliding glass door that led to the kitchen I burst out laughing.
       "What's going on? ," my mom demanded.
       "Nothing really," I said, still chuckling, "just look at our reflection in the door."
       We all looked at the picture before us, me standing with my arms around two   women, one naked and the other with a dress on, my half hard cock swaying between my   legs all red and gooey.  Susie with one tit in my hand and a cum covered cunt and belly and   mom looking down at my cock like she would like to devour it.  I pulled them close and   gave them both a big hug.  Moms hand went down and started stroking my cock.
       "You keep that up and we won't have time to eat or watch the tape," I said,   grinning at her.
       "We'd better go on then," mom replied, "or I'm going to fuck you right here on the   porch."
       We went into the house and mom said, "You kids go on into the den.  I'll bring in   some sandwiches."   Susie and I went into the den while mom went to get the sandwiches   she had prepared.
  She brought them into the den and then said, "I'll go up and get the tape while you eat the   sandwiches, okay?"
       We told her sure and she went upstairs to get a tape.
       "What tape is mom going to get," Susie asked as we tore into the food, "some stuffy   educational thing?"
       "It's educational," I answered, "but I wouldn't exactly call it stuffy."
       I explained how I'd found the tape and what had happened this morning after she   had gone to school.  She sat looking at me dumbfounded.
       "You mean," she finally gasped out, " that you were watching a tape of her and dad   fuck and she walked in on you?"  I nodded.  "And then you pulled her into bed and fucked   her," she continued incredulously.
       "Three or four times," I confirmed, "and in at least that many positions.  Then she   sucked my cock while I ate the cum out of her cunt."
       She sat there looking at me in disbelief, but her breathing and squirming on the   couch told me that she was getting turned on just thinking about what me and mom had   done.  Her breasts were raising and falling with her rapid breathing and one hand slipped   between her legs to rub the little nubbin at the top of her pussy.   Just then mom came down   the stairs carrying the tape.  We both turned to look at her and our mouths dropped open.
       She was wearing a bright red silk robe, a red garter belt and thigh high red   stockings, held up by straps from the belt, and red high heels.  Nothing else.  The robe hung   free from her shoulders the open, front framing the swelling globes of her tits, tipped by   large dark aureole and the stiff nipples that seemed to be reaching out to us.   Our eyes   traveled downward over the soft mound of her belly to the bright red garter belt then on to   the dark curly hair between her legs.  My cock was twitching and jerking between my legs,   rapidly getting harder as my pounding heart transferred blood to the place it was most   needed.
       "My god Mom, you're beautiful," I gasped out.
       "You like," she asked, twirling around in the middle of the floor so the robe   ballooned away from her body, then swayed her way to the VCR. "This tape," she   continued, "has got some nice music on it.  I thought I'd dance for you two."  She put the   tape in and started the machine, then stood, swaying her hips to imaginary music.  The silk   robe clung to her curves, caressing the cheeks of her ass with each movement.    The tape   started playing and mom and another woman came onto the tv screen.  Mom had on a bra   and the other gal had on panties.  It looked like they were having a pillow fight or   something, then mom got hold of the other gals panties and pulled them down over her   hips.  They dropped to around her ankles and she tripped and fell, mom right on top of her.    She was kneeling on the gals shoulders when she  grabbed the gals legs and pulled them   back up under her arms, opening the hairy slit before her wide open.  Some guy we didn't   know came into the picture and knelt behind the strange woman.  He was naked and   stroking a hard prick while he reached down and stuck his finger in the hairy hole in front of   him.  He finger fucked her for a few minutes while the gal twisted and turned trying to   either get away or get her tongue in mom's cunt.
       I reached over and pulled Susie close to me as we watched the show.  Mom was   dancing around in front of us now with the robe wide open, just hanging by her elbows.    Her tits were swinging to and fro to the beat of the music as she danced right in front of us,   twisting her hips and thrusting her pussy into our faces.
       "Come sit on my lap," I whispered to Susie, not wanting to break the spell we were   falling under.  I helped  her move and as she sat down on my lap, straddling my legs, I   reached around her and cupped a tit in either hand, rolling her nipples between my thumbs    and forefingers.  She sighed and slid down a little, until my cock was pressed between the   lips of her hot, wet cunt.  Mom  moved closer to us until her bare knees were touching   mine, then dropped the robe to the floor.  She leaned over, her tits swaying and hanging   away from her body, and softly stroked my cock and balls, pushing it aside a little to let her   fingers slide between the lips of Susie's pussy.   Susie, almost involuntarily, reached out   with one hand and tweaked mom's nipple, with the other she drew mom's head to her own   tits, then gasped as mom's tongue lashed at the erect nipples on her own chest.  
       "Raise up just a little, baby," Mom whispered to Susie, "I'll slip this nice, hard cock   into that slippery love tunnel of yours."
       Susie raised up and mom positioned the head of my prick to the entrance of Susie's   juicy cunt then said, "Okay hon, lower just a little."  Susie did and half my cock slid into   her.  She gasped as I entered her and immediately began those twisting grinding motions we   both liked.   Mom continued stroking my balls as my cock slipped in and out of Susie.   She   moved her thumb onto Susie's clit and began making small circular motions with it.  In a   minute or two Susie was quivering and convulsing as a huge climax swept over her.  She   slumped down on me as she tried to catch her breath and I whispered in her ear, "Slip off   me baby, I'm going to throw mom down on the couch and give her what she's been asking   for."  She moved off me, smiling as my cock made a soft slurpy sound as it slid out of her   pussy.  She moved to one end of the couch and sat watching as mom slowly came toward   me.
       "Come and get it," I invited her, waving my slippery prick at her, "you know you   want this hunk of meat pounding your hairy old hole.  Come let your little boy fuck you   silly."
       "You know I like it when you talk dirty to me, don't you?" she asked, as she knelt   before me and took my prick into her warm soft mouth, "you just need your mommy to   clean up this sticky mess for you, don't you?"
       "Oh, yeeaaahhh," I moaned, as her tongue began cleaning the sticky juices off my   cock, "I like it when you do thaaaat!"
       Her lips closed around my shaft and the velvety warmth of her mouth slide down the   length of my prick sending waves of tingly shivers over my body.  Her head continued its   bobbing motion and in a few minutes I could feel my balls tighten and my cock pulsate in   anticipation of the release that was coming. 
       "Whoa, mom, not to fast, you're going to make me cum and I want to be buried   clear to my balls in your hot juicy cunt when I do," I grunted, pushing her gently away.  " I   wish I could stay hard forever and just fuck till we all got tired of it."
       "Me too hon," she said, "but we got lots of time.  If we can't get it up again tonight,   there's always in the morning."  She was telling me that this was not just a one time thing   but that we'd do it anytime we wanted. "In fact," she continued, "It's better sometimes to   wait.  Anticipation makes it more exciting."
       I stood up and helped her to her feet, put my arms around her waist and said, "May   I have this dance please."  The music was still playing on the tape that no one was watching,   She smiled as she moved into my arms.  Her nipples bored into my chest as she squashed   her breasts against me.  She straddled my leg, letting her hot wet pussy slide up and down   my leg as we moved to the music, my   throbbing cock pressed tight against her belly.
       "I just love the feel of your naked body against mine," she sighed in my ear, "and   your hard cock deep inside me.  Take me over to the couch now and fuck me, pleaassssee."
       "Okay, mom, I will, but look at that," I replied, turning her toward the tv, "has that   guy got his cock in your ass?"
       "Yeah, honey, I forgot that was on there.  Now you're going to think I'm nasty,   aren't you?," Mom whispered to me.  Susie was mesmerized by the scene on the tv and so   was I, to be honest.  We watched in silence for a minute or two and you could tell they   were both enjoying what they were doing.
       "But isn't it messy," I wondered aloud, "and doesn't it hurt?"
       "No baby, it feels good, it's so tight on your cock and it's not messy, at least not   like you mean," she smiled tenderly at me, "I'll show you if you want me too."
       "Okay," I agreed, "but not tonight.  Tonight it's plain old fuck.  I'm going to screw   you till I can't get it up any more."
       She giggled a little and with both arms around my neck pushed me back till my   knees hit the edge of the couch and I tumbled over backward with her on top of me.  Susie   had been laying on the couch with one leg on the floor and the other drawn up, wide apart   and playing with her cunt.  When we fell my head landed between her legs, right on top of   her hands.  Mom straddled me and reaching down between us guided my cock into her   receptive pussy and started to pump her ass to get all the cock she could inside her.  She   had her hands on my shoulders, her legs around my hips and her pussy wrapped snugly   around my prick.  And was she going to town, at each downward thrust she gave a her hips   a grinding motion that had me on the verge of cumming in no time.  Her tits were swinging   and bouncing wildly to the tempo she was setting so I reached up and grabbed her nipples   and gave them a firm tweak that send her over the edge into throes of ecstasy as waves of   feelings traveled through her body and centered on the hot juicy tunnel my cock was buried   in.   As the contraction of her cunt clasped at my cock I felt my balls tighten again as I shot   jet after jet of hot creamy cum deep into her.
       We lay there in a pile for a few minutes after we'd cum, then I turned my head to the   side a little and pressed my lips to the inside of Susie's soft white thigh.  She shivered as I   let my tongue trace a wet line towards her pussy.  When I'd gone as far as I could reach she   twisted around moving her slippery warm slit closer to my lips.  She made one more turn   and I buried my tongue between the lips of her cunt, probing for the hard little button I   knew was hiding in there.  She groaned and caught my head in her hands, guiding my   tongue to the spot that she wanted me to lick.  I obliged her whole-heartedly.   She was so   turned on by what she'd been watching it was only a matter of minutes until her hips bucked   up to my mouth, she shuddered then relaxed back onto the couch with me and mom.
       "We'd better go take a shower and go to bed," mom suggested, "Susie's got school   tomorrow and I've got things to do to.  I think you'd better stay home again tomorrow,   Steve, "she continued, "We need you to get your strength back."
       Mom got up off me, then I pulled Susie to her feet and we went upstairs to take a   shower.  When we finished we were standing by the door to Mom's room and she looked at   us kind of timidly, "Ahhh.....you kids want to sleep in here with me?  It's a king size bed,   there's plenty of room."
       Susie and I looked at each other, grinned, and followed her into her room.  Mom   got in on one side I got in the middle and Susie on the other.  We hadn't put anything on   after the shower so the feel of bare flesh was almost enough to arouse me again.  But we   just all cuddled up and went to sleep.
       When I awoke next morning it was to the feel of a soft hand gently stroking my   cock.  She must have been doing it for a little while because I already had a raging hardon.    I could feel Susies soft tits pressing into my back and realized it was her that was giving me   the hand job.  Mom was still sleeping in front of me, on her side facing away from me, so I   slipped my hand between her legs and started to softly stroke the lips of her cunt.  She   stirred quietly in her sleep, her legs spreading to give me clearer access to that hairy little   hole that I was exploring.  She moaned softly as I inserted a finger into her and gently began   manipulating her clit.  Finally she rolled over on her back, opening her eyes slowly.
       "Mmmm...good morning," she breathed quietly, "you feeling frisky this morning?"
       "Always feel frisky in the morning," I said, giggling, "Now I can do something   about it."
       "Oh yeah," she said, grinning at me, " and just what would that be?"
       "Oh, I think I'll just roll over on my back and jack off," I said, rolling onto my back,   "or better yet, I'll have Susie finish the job she's started."
       "Like hell you will," Mom laughed, "Come on Susie let's get him."
       The next hour was just a blur but let it suffice to say when it was over everyone was   well satisfied.  We lay there resting for a while until mom finally said, "Come on you two,   gotta get up and going or Susie will miss her ride to school."  We each went to our own   rooms to shower and dress and in about twenty minutes or so were all sitting around the   kitchen table eating breakfast.
  Susie caught her ride to school and I was helping Mom pick things up around the house   while she was cleaning the kitchen.  It didn't take long and the house was strengthened up   and we were sitting at the table having a coke.
       "I've got to go to the store to pick up a few things," Mom said, " you want to go   with me?'
       "Naw," I replied, "I"ll just stay here and rest."
       "Okay," she answered, "see ya in a little while then."
       She left for the store and I went to take a nap.  It was almost three hours later when   I heard the car pull into the drive.  The car door slammed and in a few moments I heard the   front door open.  I could hear voices.  "Damn," I muttered under my breath, "who's she   brought home now.  This could spoil all the plans I'd had for the afternoon."
       "Stevie," she called, "look who I found at the store.  Alice and her baby."
       I looked up to see our next door neighbor and her three month baby standing in the   doorway.  Alice's husband had taken off three months before the baby was born and hadn't   been seen since.  Good riddance, I figured.  I said hi and helped them into the kitchen with   the groceries, then sat down at the table with a drink.   Alice and I sat chatting while mom   put the groceries away, then her baby started to cry.
       "Oh shit," Alice said, "he must be hungry."
       "Well, feed the kid then," mom laughed, "we don't care."
       Alice turned slightly away from me and unbuttoned the front of her dress,   unsnapped her bra and began nursing her baby.  He was hungry.  I could hear the slurpy   suction clear across the table.  After he had been feeding for a few minutes, I got up and   walked around the table.
       "Uh.....Alice," I started, hesitantly, " uh...would ....."
       "Would what Stevie," she asked, smilingly.
       "Would you mind if I watched the baby eat?  I've never seen a baby nurse before," I   blurted out.
       "I guess not, if your mom don't mind," Alice answered, looking inquiringly at mom.
       "Sure, it's okay," Mom said, "probably be a good thing for him to learn."
       I knelt on the floor in front of her chair and she turned to face me.  She had one   breast out and the baby was busily working at it.  I could just see the top of her tit, the rest   was covered by the babies head.  I raised up a little and leaned closer, looking down from   above the baby.  I could see part of the dark brown aureole then but the baby had the nipple   in its mouth, still sucking greedily.
       "Noisy little cuss, isn't he?," I joked, "if he keeps up like that he's going to swallow   your whole tit."
       She looked at me kind of funny but giggled and said, "You should feel it from this   side."
       A light blush was starting to raise on her breast and up her throat.  Mom had told   me that this happened when a woman was starting to get aroused, or embarrassed.  I was   hoping aroused.
       "Ah, Alice," I began again, "Could I taste some of your milk?"
       "Don't look at me," mom said, as Alice again looked over at her, "I don't mind at   all."
       "Well okay then," Alice decided, "but wait till peewee get through."
       "Okay, or I could try the other one," I suggested.
       She looked at me, then smiled and said, "Well, okay, but you'll have to get it out.    My hands are full."  She smiled and moved the baby so I could undo a couple of more   buttons.  I fumbled the buttons undone, then pulled the dress from over her breast.  The bra   still covered her nipple so I pulled it out of the way.  I cupped her breast gently, weighing it   in my hand, studying it's large brown aureole and large, erect nipple.
       "Lord, Alice,"I softly said, "your tits are lovely."
       "I thought you just wanted to taste my milk?," she sighed, as I rolled her nipple   between my fingers.
       I bent my head and took her nipple between my lips, letting my tongue flick over her   nipple with gentle but insistent caresses.  I sucked the tit into my mouth, applied a little   pressure and got a little milk.  It was warm and sweet, almost too sweet for me but I guess   the baby needed the nourishment.  I continued sucking and playing with one tit while the   baby was working on the other.  In a minute or two mom walked over to us.
       "Here, let me take the baby," she said, "I think he's through eating."
       Alice passed her the baby, thankfully, then cradled my head in one arm and raised   her tit to my mouth with her other hand.  
       "Now let me feed my big baby," she sighed, as my tongue kept manipulating the   turgid nub in my mouth.  I had to come up for air, but my hands were now caressing both   breasts, rolling the nipples and gently squeezing the softness of her tits.  I glanced up at her.    She was leaning back in the chair, eyes closed, enjoying the sensations my ministrations   were producing.  I quickly reached down and undone the last two buttons on her dress and   it fell open exposing long lovely legs and a pair of white cotton panties.  Her knees were   slightly parted so I wiggled my way between them, lowering my head to her tits again.  One   hand held a tit, one arm slipped around her waist, and a nipple in my mouth, I was cruisin'.    I released the nipple between my lips, replacing them with my hand, and pressed my face   with her tits.  I kissed the valley between them and down across her stomach.  Her panties   stopped me before I got to her navel so I grasped the waistband between my teeth and   pulled them lower, just to the top of her mound.  She shivered as I run my tongue back up   to her bellybutton, playfully exploring it, then started to lick my way back to her pussy.    Mom came in right then, moving around behind me.
       "Alice, I put the baby on a blanket in the living room.  He went right to sleep.  He'll   be just fine," Mom said.
       "Oh thanks.....oh..ooohhh...what are you doing to me Stevie," Alice gasped in reply,   "Have you finished your milk yet?" "Oh, we've got to stop this, what are you doing."
       "Looks to me like he's about ready to eat a little pussy," Mom giggled, then added,   "Here let me help."  She kneeled down in back of me, and reaching around caught the   waistband of Alice's panties and started pulling them down over her hips.
       "Raise your ass a little, Alice," Mom instructed, "we need a little cooperation to get   these damn things off.  I don't know why you wear them any way."
       "You mean you don't?," Alice asked, looking wide-eyed at mom.
       "Not lately anyway, see," Mom said, raising her dress above her waist.
       Alice raised her ass off the chair a little and Mom pulled them down over her ass,   down as far as she could get them with me in the road.  Mom moved back a little and sat   back on her heels.
       "You want me to help you now?," she asked, looking at me.
       "Yeah, go ahead," I managed to reply as I licked along the insides of Alices' thighs,   "I'm kinda busy here."
       She giggled as she reached around me again and undone my jeans, stopping to run   her hands over my throbbing cock.  Then she pushed my pants and shorts to the floor   letting her hand give me a few more strokes on the way up.  She got to her feet and stood   beside us, watching every move.  Something like a teacher.  After a moment or two she   undone her own dress and threw it over a chair.  Like she had said, she had nothing on   underneath it.  Her pussy lips were still red and swollen from the morning workout and her   large breasts swayed as she moved.  I moved back just a little and finished pulling Alice's   panties from her legs.  Her pussy was bald as a baby's bum, with a nice pink flush to the   area around it.  The lips were parted slightly and I could see the glistening juices on her   inner lips.  I gently pushed my finger into her moist warmth, pushing it in as far as I could.    She moaned softly as I slowly explored the inside of her pussy.  I couldn't get over how   bare she looked without any pubic hair.  I lowered my lips to hers, licking the edges of her   thighs, over the pouty swollen lips and into the fragrant depths of her vagina.  She moaned   as my tongue explored the recesses of her pussy then found its way to her clit.  She gasped   as my tongue traced circles around her little nub, her hips coming off the chair and pushing   herself toward me, then releasing a low moan, collapsed back onto the chair.
       I stood up, my cock pulsating and waving at her, and held my hands out to her.
       "Let's go into the other room shall we?", I suggested, "we can get more   comfortable."
       "Okay," she agreed, raising and wrapping her arms around me, pressing her large   full breasts against me, "I'd like that."
       I pulled her tightly against me and kissed her soft and gently on her full luscious lips,   slowly letting my tongue explore the tongue that was probing for mine.  My cock was   pressed solidly against her naked belly as I danced her to the front room.  
            We stood there in the middle of the floor, locked together in a soul searing   kiss, tongues probing wildly in each others mouth.  Finally she pushed me away, smiling   softly as she did, "Let me return the favor for you." 
        She began by nibbling my ear, slowly working her way across my chest with a   string of soft, wet kisses, then to my nipples which she took between her lips.  Her tongue   danced around the stiff little point, sending waves of tingly feelings coursing through me,   traveling their insistent journey to the throbbing member quivering between my legs.  Her   mouth continued its journey, pausing only briefly at my navel to explore what possibilities   may exist there.  Downward, she traveled, to the sparse shrubbery surrounding my   protruding manhood, then on past, trailing her tongue along my leg to mid-thigh.
       Then she started back up!   Moving to my inner thigh, her lips nibbling, teeth lightly   pinching the soft flesh of my inner legs, first one side then the other, always working   upwards toward my pulsating member.  As she neared her destination , I could feel the fires   raging deep within my body tracing their fiery fingers to my most sensitive spots.  Her   tongue flicked out, teasing my balls with maddening slowness, then to the underside of my   cock, tracing the large vein that pumped its life giving force to my throbbing prick.  I felt   the warm wetness of her mouth enclose me as she slowly took me inside her, moving gently   up and down the length of my rampaging manhood.  Her cheeks sucked in as she applied   pressure to my shaft,  as her tongue worked its magic on the tiny slit in my cock head.
       "Ohhhh, Alice baby, I'm cumming," I moaned as I released my sperm into her   eagerly awaiting mouth.  Her tongue swirled around my spasming shaft, cleaning the milky   white fluid from my throbbing cock.  "Debt paid in full," I gasped as my cock slid limply   from her mouth.
       "Not yet," she answered, "you're not going to get off that easy.  I haven't had a   good piece of ass for six months.  You started this, now I'm going to finish it."   She pulled   me down onto the blankets mom had spread on the floor and straddled me.  Her hot cunt   moved wetly over my bare belly as she swung those dangling globes to touch my lips.  I   greedily sucked in one of the succulent nips and began teasing it with my tongue.  Mom   knelt between my legs and began to resurrect my flaccid member.  Soon it was waving in   the air again, able to stand on its' own.  Mom guided it into the entrance of Alice's slippery   slit and Alice pushed down on it.  A long slow moan escaped Alice's lips as my cock   entered her hot moistness.  Her ass began a jack-hammer motion as my prick entered and   reentered her .  Mom lay down beside us and reaching up, began rolling one of Alice's   nipples between her fingers, lightly pinching the protruding nubbin until moans of pleasure   burst from Alice's lips. 
        I rolled over, pinning Alice beneath me, still buried deeply in her hot pussy and   Mom straddled her head, lowering her pussy to Alice's eagerly awaiting lips.  A soft sigh   escaped from mom as Alice found her most sensitive spot.  I leaned forward and softly   covered mom's partly open lips with my own.  From that point things just became a blur,   bodies twisting, tongues lashing, hips thrusting, until we all came together in one mind   boggling climax.  We lay there in a hot sweaty pile, completely spent, feeling the soft flush   of well being that comes after a completely satisfying experience.
       Suddenly Alice's baby began to fuss, crying softly, wanting some attention.  Alice   got up and went to take care of it.
       "We'd better get cleaned up and get dressed," Mom said, "Alice has to go tend   some neighbors kids when they get home from school and we've got some things to do   too."
       "Ok," I agreed, rising from the floor, "I'm going to go take a shower."
       I went upstairs to my room, got cleaned up and dressed and when I came back   downstairs Alice had gone home.  Mom had put the cotton dress back on but hadn't   buttoned it completely up.
       "Need some help buttoning your dress," I asked, smiling as I started to button the   dress for her.
       "No, hun," she replied, "I'm going to go upstairs, take a shower and get dressed in a   few minutes.  Just trying to clean things up a little first."  She straightened the front room   and kitchen up then went to take a shower and get dressed.
       I sat at the kitchen table, drinking a coke and thinking about the events of the last   few days.  I had missed a couple of days of school but had learned a lot that couldn't be   learned from books.  And then there was those tapes.  Five more to look at and learn from.    It was definitely going to be a learning experience in the cumming weeks.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....