Copyright  1998, MAX FREE, ALL Rights Reserved  

File:  MylifeA.txt      Title: My Life   Author: Max Free    (inc pedo group) 
The sexual life story of a non-conformist. 

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of 
the author.  Else it may be freely distributed on condition that this notice remains attached
and that the usual precautions have been taken to prevent it being read by unauthorized
persons, especially under age children, or by persons that might be offended by its contents.  
  
The author may be contacted by E-mail at max_free@anon.nymserver.com  .  

  
  
                                                   MY LIFE
  
                                                 by Max Free
  
  
            - Introduction 
  
  
            My name is Burt Carlson and I am now 44.  
  
            Sex has always been very important for me and I have decided to write
  about my sex experiences until today.  When reading this story, the reader
  might be inclined to think that sex was and still is the only interest of my life. 
  That is not the case, however, I have a job, I like music and sports, etc. etc. but
  here I will be writing mainly about my sex life and subjects related to it.  
  
            For those who read this and do not know me, let me first tell a little more
  about myself and my family.  I married when I was 24 to a girl called Bea, then
  21.  We are both healthy and of the same type, Nordic, blond and blue eyes.  I
  measure a sturdy 6 ft and Bea is a 5 ft 5 beauty with a nice open face, a bit
  chubby, with beautifully developed, but not really big, firm breasts.  We have
  two children, Danny, born the year after our marriage, and Cori, who arrived 3
  years later.  Looking at them you could think they are just small reproductions
  of their parents.  We do not want more children, I have had a vasectomy for
  that, superfluous it would seem, as Bea cannot have more.  
  
            - Chapter 1 - Masturbating the children 
  
            I am starting my story by recounting my first sex experience that clearly
  showed that I wanted to free myself of the weight of public opinion and taboos
  in matters of sex.  
  
            Bea and I have always loved each other very much and we have always
  had a good sex life, but even though making love with Bea was very nice and
  exciting, it left me wishing for more, for something else.  When we married,
  Bea was the first and only girl with whom I had ever had sex and it would have
  been better if I had 'known' other girls before marrying her.  Anyway, when
  Cori was a baby, I profited from every occasion that presented itself to inspect
  her pussy, showing itself so nicely between her pudgy little legs when they
  were raised high when her diaper was changed, just as they would many years
  later when she wanted to be fucked.  I marveled at how beautiful her small
  cunt already was, with its smooth little, and nevertheless relatively large and
  thick, labia which, when pulled apart, showed a nice little hole, fuck hole to be,
  and a perfect little clit waiting to be licked.  And, in fact, when I once cautiously
  pushed my tongue a little way into her love hole and then licked her slit and
  finally her clit, after cautiously pushing up its hood, I definitely got the
  impression that little Cori became somewhat excited.  Of course I realized very
  well that nearly everybody would call what I did DIRTY and BAD and
  DEPRAVED.  It is not for that reason that I never repeated licking Cori baby's
  cunt, however, I always have had very little esteem for public opinion, although
  one must always take it into account of course, but I thought it unwise to
  continue doing something with her that must forcibly stay hidden from the rest
  of the world.  And I certainly did not want to harm her.  
  
            So, while I continued to be attracted by Cori's little cunt, I restricted
  myself while she was growing up to very often take her on my knees, and then
  hug and kiss her and playfully tap her nice fat little buttocks, just like so many
  fathers do.  
  
            All this changed after one night, Cori was just five years old, when I 
  dropped into her room some time after her mother had tucked her in for going 
  to sleep, leaving on a small light as usual.  When I opened the door I found her 
  lying on her back in her bed, her face with an expression of high concentration, 
  and making rapid movements with a hand under the bed sheet.  I just stayed
  looking at Cori masturbating and to my great surprise she after a few minutes
  began to pant and finally gave a little high pitched cry, stopping her
  masturbation but continuing to pant: Our five-year-old daughter had had an
  orgasm! When she then opened her eyes and saw me in the open door she
  stretched out her arms to me, to be hugged.  Obviously she did not think her
  masturbation to be an activity to be ashamed of or to be done secretly and
  when I then asked her "Was it nice ?" she simply replied "Hmm yes!".  When I
  then asked her how often and since when she did it, she told me that she did it
  nearly every night a bit, but often fell asleep before it got really very nice, as
  this time; she had been doing this as long as she remembered.  
  
            I then warned her that she should masturbate - she called it 'diddle my
  button' - only when alone or eventually in the presence of members of the
  family.  Neither should she ever talk about it with anybody outside.  When she
  then asked if she should in fact not be doing it, I put her mind at rest, telling
  her that we accepted certain things that many people outside, for no good
  reasons in fact, did not.  I profited from this occasion to tell her that the official
  name of her 'button' was clitoris and that we called it 'clit' and diddling it to
  'masturbate' or 'frig', so she would understand these words when others would
  use them.  
  
            When I told Bea about all this, I was very much surprised when she said
  she knew about Cori's masturbation but had not thought it sufficiently important
  to talk about: all children begin to masturbate earlier or later, girls often much
  earlier then boys, Cori obviously being a very early starter.  
  
            And this was not the only surprise Bea had in store for me! She told me
  also that when Cori was much younger and was crying for some reason she,
  Bea, had often masturbated Cori herself a bit to calm her down, with very
  satisfying results.  She told me that she gotten the idea from doing the same
  with Danny, when he was still a baby.  Giving him a little hard-on when he was
  a baby often was a way to rapidly calm him down; Bea thought that in fact very
  many mothers did this.  
  
            When Bea realized that I had found it very exciting to see Cori
  masturbate, she encouraged me to do it for her now and then, Cori who 
  would certainly like that very much.  Bea remembered from her own youth 
  how nice she had always found it when her father did it for her! He had found 
  her masturbating when she was six years old and had since then often done it 
  for her, without asking for any favors in return for that matter.  
  
            Thinking over what Bea had told me I came to the conclusion that her
  father must have continued to give her pleasure also when she was older, and
  then not only by masturbation, but Bea told me that her mother had caught him
  once, Bea was 8 then, masturbating her and that had caused a big row.  Her
  mother even threatened to call in the police, so after that her father had not
  been able to continue his visits at bedtime.  Bea had never accepted that what
  her father had done with her was really bad.  She knew that her father loved
  her and he had given her a lot of pleasure, never forced her to do anything she
  did not like and taught her a lot about sex, so she did not feel that they had
  done anything wrong.  Luckily for Bea her mother had not found out that her
  brother Tom, 2 years older than she, had joined their father masturbating her
  about a year earlier and had even had started to fuck her recently.  They had
  managed to keep their secret during their whole childhood.  Bea had only
  stopped having sex with him since she had started to date other boys, but she
  often thought back with pleasure about their fucking.  I had never imagined my
  wife to have been sexually that active already so young.  
  
            I really did not need Bea's encouragement to masturbate Cori, but it was
  nice to know that SHE would not call in the police when she found me doing it. 
  Anyway, since that day I on many evenings went up to 'tuck in Cori' meaning
  that I masturbated her, very often, i.e. when she did not fall asleep before, to
  climax.  Cori said that it was much nicer when I masturbated her than when
  she did it herself.  
  
            After a few sessions Bea, looking in while I was rubbing Cori's clit,
  asked me why I did not use my tongue, that would be even nicer for little Cori. 
  Cori was a bit surprised and asked if that wasn't gross, but I told her that she
  should not consider sex to be dirty as many people do, but of course she
  should always have a nice and clean cunt, with just its natural odor which I liked
  very much, even if it was not yet very strong.  Anyway Cori liked it very much
  when I started to use my tongue to stimulate her clit, now and then making little
  excursions into her love hole.  I was each time surprised how wet her cunt
  became and how rapidly.  
  
            More and more often Bea now came to sit on Cori's bed to enjoy looking
  at her little girl lying with a happy face, her legs wide open to let me lick her
  cunt, hearing Cori pant, moan and give little cries of delight and finally little
  shrieks when cumming.  Afterwards Bea and I then always had great sex. 
  When I was not at home Bea very much liked to replace me and Cori liked that
  very much too, but when I was at home Bea always contented herself with
  looking on, often softly rubbing her own clit while stroking a nipple, her favorite 
  way of self-pleasuring, in preparation for our subsequent fucking.  
  
            We soon realized that, now that we regularly masturbated Cori, we must
  also do something for Danny.  In fact, Cori and Danny having no secrets for
  each other, Danny would soon hear about my pleasuring Cori and we did not
  want him to become jealous of his little sister.  It was of course Bea who would
  occupy herself with Danny.  She told me how she started her sex activities with
  him.  
  
            We knew that Danny, then 8 years old, rubbed his little cock now and
  then, though not as often as Cori rubbed her clit.  So it would be diffiult for Bea
  to catch him masturbating.  That is why we got Cori to help us involve Danny.  
  
            We asked her to tell Danny what we did with her and to ask him if he
  wanted to masturbate her also.  He was very intrigued by what she told him
  and immediately went with her to her room when she asked him if he wanted
  to see what she meant.  Bea and I had been lying in wait and when we then
  entered Cori's room after some time we found the children both already naked
  and Cori busily masturbating with Danny a very attentive spectator.  Danny
  was a bit surprised but not really upset when we entered; after all, he now 
  already knew that we masturbated Cori regularly.  When we then asked Cori 
  what she was doing she told us that she was showing how she masturbated so 
  that Danny could do it for her just as I did.  I then said that this was a very good 
  idea, I was sure that Danny would like to do that, and that I would show Danny.  
  So I then masturbated Cori, first with my fingers and then with my tongue while 
  Bea and Danny were looking at us, Bea with one arm around Danny.  Bea then 
  soon let one hand go to Danny's little cock that already was quite hard, showing 
  his excitement.  And when I had been licking Cori's little cunt for some time, 
  Danny a very excited spectator, Bea went down on him and started to suck his 
  cock.  Danny liked this very much, although he did not yet have a full orgasm 
  like his little sister.  
  
            Before we left, Danny showed us that he was a very good pupil and in
  his turn brought his little sister to a nice climax.  He at first hesitated a little
  before also licking her cunt, but I encouraged him to do it and once he had
  tasted his little sister's cunt juice he immediately became an obvious addict 
  for it.  
  
            From then on we often had those sessions with all four together, mostly
  on Sunday mornings, sometimes letting them satisfy each other and
  sometimes doing it ourselves.  
  
            Once when they were satisfying each other I started to fuck Bea and
  they interrupted their activity to look at us.  I then also let them see my cum
  spurt, drawing my cock out of Bea's cunt the moment I felt I was cumming. 
  They were very interested spectators, finding that their sexual feelings and
  reactions were the same as ours.  Of course our children already knew quite a
  lot about sex but this live demonstration gave us the opportunity to go into a lot
  of detail about making children, contraception, AIDS, etc. 
  
            - Chapter 2 - Tom's visit 
  
            Immediately after our marriage Bea's brother Tom had gone abroad and
  we had not seen him for nearly 11 years when he came back.  And then he
  was on the phone telling us that he would be near us next weekend while on a
  business trip and asking if he could spend that week-end with us.  Bea of
  course told him that we would be glad to have him.  
  
            Bea was not only very glad but, it seemed to me, even excited at the
  prospect of seeing her loved brother again.  I was a bit nervous, wondering
  what was going to happen now.  After 10 years of marriage Bea might like to
  try her brother for sex again.  Bea realized what I was thinking and brought up
  the subject a few days before his arrival.  She asked me to tell her frankly if I
  would be very mad if they made love during his visit; she thought that her
  brother would very much like to fuck her and she confessed that she herself
  was also looking forward to be fucked by him, but only if I agreed.  
  
            I told her that I also had already been thinking about this and that I found
  the idea of her being fucked by her brother very exciting, but only if I could be
  present and preferably if her brother would accept to fuck her together with me
  - but without any gay activities.  I told her also that I wondered if he wouldn't
  like to participate in our Sunday morning sex activities with the children.  I was
  sure that THEY would like that very much.  
  
            Bea was very happy with my reply.  She said that she had indeed hoped
  that I would propose to have sex the three together and she 'rewarded' me with
  many kisses and by giving me one of the best cock sucks ever.  
  
            When Tom arrived, one Saturday morning, I had a good look at him.  In
  fact I did not know him very well at all.  He was 33, two years older than Bea,
  but he looked like he was Bea's twin, a healthy, cheerful, blue eyed blond man,
  he had married two years ago and had 3 children, twin girls now two years old
  and a baby boy.  Because of the baby he had come alone.  The children
  immediately had a great liking for Tom and were all over him.  
  
            We had a very animated lunch together and then the children left,
  leaving us free to do what we wanted.  
  
            Bea broached the main subject by asking Tom if his young wife, Thea,
  knew that they had had an incestuous relationship when they were young,
  thereby letting him understand at the same time that I knew about it.  He told
  us that Thea and he loved each other very much and that they had no secrets
  for each other.  In fact when he left, she had asked him not to fuck his sister
  too much and to keep at least a little sex energy for his return to her.  Tom told
  us that they were sexually rather adventurous and that he now and then had a
  threesome with his wife and a good friend of hers, Thea also liking sex with
  girls.  Bea then asked him what he thought about a threesome with his sister
  and another man and that was the end of the preliminaries.  We went upstairs
  to our bedroom and I had one of the most memorable sex afternoons in my life
  thus far.  
  
            I had seen a number of porno films but I had never assisted to live
  fucking and to see my wife being fucked by her brother was very exciting.  We
  of course started by removing our clothes and I saw immediately that Tom beat
  me in the Cock Dimension section.  He did not have an extremely big cock but
  it still was considerably bigger than mine and I could understand hat Bea
  would like it very much.  
  
            Now what do you do when you stand there naked with your naked wife
  and naked brother in law? I thought "Well he is my guest, so let's prepare the
  wife" and I pushed Bea down on our bed, made her lift her beautiful legs, and
  started to lick her cunt.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw that Tom was
  stroking his stiff cock.  I do not think it really needed that to remain stiff, but it is
  a gesture any man can understand.  Very quickly Bea started to moan while
  her cunt became wetter and wetter.  When I thought that she was quite
  prepared for Tom's attack I rose making room for him saying "Want to taste her
  after all these years?" 
  
            Tom really dove into her cunt and started to lick up her juices.  After a
  few moments he lifted his head and said to me "Unbelievable, after all these
  years, not changed at all, as delicious as ever."   
  
            I was very excited to see my beautiful blond wife lie there with her legs
  raised and hear her cry "Oh Tom...  how nice...  how nice..."   and then "Now
  FUCK ME...  FUCK ME...!" 
  
            Tom then rose, pushed his mighty weapon into her cunt and started to
  fuck her wildly while holding her breasts.  It was a very exciting but very short
  spectacle; it took them at most a minute before they both climaxed, Bea
  shrieking and Tom roaring.  After that Tom fell down on her and they stayed
  like that, both panting, for several minutes.  Then Tom covered her face with
  kisses and said to her "How I have missed you all these years!" after which he
  drew his cock out of Bea's cunt, releasing a real stream of liquid, and rose and
  thanked me warmly for letting my wife do this with him and Bea came to hug
  me and give me many kisses, saying "Oh Burt I love you, I love you both so
  much."   
  
            I was rather surprised when Tom then took her by an arm and pushed
  her on our bed again proceeding to lick out her cunt, cleaning it from all
  remaining juices and sperm.  But then he rose and said to me "She is all
  yours."   
  
            I was so excited that I came immediately when I entered her, just as if I
  were a young boy.  After this Tom and I brought her to a new climax together, I
  licking her cunt and sucking her clit and Tom kneading her breasts and
  sucking her nipples.  
  
            Then we took a little rest, during which we told Tom that we often had
  sex with the children on Sunday morning, asking him if he wanted to
  participate the next day.  Tom was not really shocked by our proposal - having
  many good memories of the sex with his sister when he was still a boy and
  knowing that his father would have very much liked to do the same with his
  family - but he asked us a lot of questions about this uncommon activity with
  the children.  He of course gratefully accepted our invitation and was then so
  excited that he fucked Bea again but this time doggy wise while she was
  sucking my cock.  
  
            Expecting the children home any minute we now dressed and prepared
  supper.  After supper, when the children were in bed, we stayed together just
  talking and listening to some music, drinking wine.  When we at last decided to
  call it a day, we asked Tom if he wanted to sleep with us but he decided that
  he wanted to keep his energy for the next day.  
  
            We had told the children before they went to bed that we would ask Tom
  to join us in our Sunday morning sex activities and when they arrived in our
  room that Sunday they were very excited when they heard that he would
  indeed soon join us and that they were really going to have sex also with their
  uncle.  When then Tom arrived, nude like us, the children looked in awe at his
  big cock, already in half erection.  
  
            I started to lick little Cori's cunt and after some time, when she was
  beginning to get excited, I asked her if she would also let Tom suck her.  She
  was obviously very tempted to let him, but just a little bit shy to say yes, so I
  just made room for him and he continued what I had started.  After a few
  minutes, Cori becoming ever more excited, Tom lifted his head to say to Cori
  "You know, you taste just like your mother, very nice", causing Cori to give him
  a happy smile.  After that she soon reached her orgasm, Tom licking up all her
  juices.  
  
            Tom had become very excited, which did not diminish when he looked at
  little Cori, still panting and rosy from her orgasm, lying with her slender legs
  wide and high, her little cunt open and showing her love hole.  I then told Cori
  that she could not leave her uncle in this condition and I suggested her to
  make him cum in her turn, telling her that we would help her as she had never
  sucked such a big cock before.  To my surprise she accepted.  
  
            Thus Tom lay down on his back and Cori grasping his big cock in her
  little hand put it in her mouth.  Having often sucked her little brother, she knew
  exactly how to give Tom maximum pleasure, even if she could not take his
  cock very far into her mouth.  Tom, feeling his cock in his 7 year old niece's
  warm little mouth where she expertly fondled it using her tongue, very quickly
  was so excited that he called out "Ooooh...  Cori, look out...  I am going to 
  cum in your mouth!" And Cori, having seen her mother do that sometimes, let 
  him do it, some of Tom's cum oozing out of her mouth and trickling down her 
  chin! Tom was deeply impressed and rose to press Cori against his breast; 
  she had won a life long friend.  And then Cori still improved on what she had 
  done by saying very politely "Uncle Tom, I liked the taste of your cum very 
  much!" 
  
            I told Tom that I was very jealous of him, Cori had never done this with
  me! But Cori promised me that next Sunday she would let me also cum in her
  mouth! 
  
            Danny now reminded us that he liked it also very much to be sucked,
  even though, being only 10, he did not produce cum yet and Bea of course
  now undertook to give him full satisfaction by sucking his young cock.  For that
  matter, his cock seemed to grow every day and we thought Danny would soon
  also begin to produce semen.  Tom was a very interested spectator.
  
            We finished the morning by giving the children a demonstration how to
  have fun the three at the same time, I doggy fucking Bea while she sucked
  Tom once more.  
  
            Before leaving that afternoon, Tom told us that now he had seen how
  one could have much sex fun with one's children and how much they liked it
  also to have sex with each other and with their parents, he would attentively
  watch his own children , and especially the girls, to find out as soon as 
  possible if they were as hot as ours, and if so, then to also have a lot of sex
  pleasure with them and Thea.  He was sure that also Thea would like that 
  very much as she was a very hot girl and very free in her ideas on sex.  
  
            - Chapter 3 - Fucking Cori 
  
            More and more I began to see Cori as a little woman rather than just as
  a little girl and one day, she was 8 then, I told Bea that I would very much like 
  to fuck Cori soon.  Bea convinced me to wait a little still, but she said that we
  could of course already prepare her for it.  We decided that I would fuck her for
  the first time on the first Sunday after her ninth anniversary, if she agreed of
  course, but we had no doubt about that.  We thought this would also be a good 
  occasion for Bea to let Danny fuck her for the first time.  
  
            Preparing Cori meant that Bea and I fucked more and more in her 
  presence, during our Sunday sessions with her and Danny, but also on
  other days leaving the door of our bedroom open when we fucked.  We 
  also took the habit to often walk around at home totally nude.  
  
            Finally, Bea gave Cori a small size cock shaped vibrator of which she
  explained and showed the purpose although without telling her that we gave it
  to her in order to prepare her for being fucked by me.  She let Cori feel how
  letting it buzz against her clit gave very nice feelings and explained that also
  letting it buzz inside her cunt hole was very nice, especially if she at the same
  time rubbed her clit, once she had managed to push it in sufficiently far.  Bea
  warned her that pushing it in at first might hurt a little, because she would have
  to penetrate her hymen, but that was a small price to pay for all the pleasure
  she would later have and her hymen had to go anyway some day when she
  started fucking.  Since then we on many evenings heard Cori use her buzzer;
  after a few weeks she told us that she had pushed in the vibrator completely, it
  had not even hurt her very much and after that I often finger fucked Cori, going 
  in as far as possible with wo fingers, while sucking her little clit, thus giving her 
  great orgasms.  
  
            At last it was the great day.  We had told Cori on her anniversary that 
  we thought she was ready to be fucked and we had asked her if she would 
  like to try it.  She could of course say no or she could stop me at any moment 
  later if she did not want to continue but we thought that she would like it very 
  much even though she was a bit young for it.  It would be a very special 
  birthday present.  Cori did not hesitate for a second to say yes, she was very 
  much ready to be fucked, she told us that she had in fact for some time always 
  been a little envious when she saw me fuck Bea, noticing how much Bea liked it. 
  She was not afraid that I would hurt her, my cock being not much thicker than
  her dildo and she was very proud and happy that I would now soon fuck her
  just like I did her mother.  
  
            We wanted this to be a real family happening and on that Sunday both
  Cori and Danny were on our bed very early.  Bea began by telling Cori that she
  was going to prepare her for me and she asked her to lie down on our bed
  beside her.  
  
            When Cori was lying comfortably Bea began by just kissing her face 
  but soon she then started to French kiss her fervently while all the time letting 
  her hands roam over her beautiful little body body.  After some time Bea then 
  descended with her kisses along Cori's neck and further down, lingering some 
  time at Cori's little nipples, while sucking them, making them quite stiff.  Then 
  Bea again went further down, kissing Cori's nice smooth belly and then her 
  mons, Cori automatically opening her legs in order to let Bea gain access to 
  her pussy.  Bea then positioned herself between Cori's legs and started to lick 
  her slit, first only on the outside but then pushing her tongue inside while 
  pulling Cori's cunt lips open.  Soon Bea now alternated pushing her tongue 
  inside Cori's vagina and licking her clit, making her at first sigh, then pant, 
  moan and finally cry out.  
  
            Obviously Cori was now quite ready to be fucked and Bea let me
  replace her between Cori's legs , saying to me "Go on Burt, fuck our little Cori
  now, but be tender with her, after all she is only just nine.  " I looked at Cori for
  a few moments, stroking her thighs, enjoying the sight of her lying there with
  her flawless, slender legs held high and wide open, holding her delectable little
  cunt open for me, rosy and swollen, glistening from the juices that already
  came from her cunt hole.  Cori looked at me with a radiant smile and said "Yes
  Daddy, please fuck me."   I then took my stiff cock in my hand, aimed it at her
  cunt hole and started to push it in.  
  
            My cock slid into Cori's cunt very smoothly.  Cori let out a big sigh of
  contentment when she felt my cock fill her pussy and she said "Oh Daddy this
  is much nicer then the dildo even if it does not buzz" causing us to have a
  good laugh.  But then - Bea looking on avidly while she continued to kiss and
  fondle her little girl and urging me on crying "Yes Burt...  Fuck her...  FUCK
  HER BURT!" - I fucked her, at first a bit cautiously but soon vigorously
  thrusting, and Cori immediately began to meet my thrusts by pushing up her
  little cunt, as if she had done this for years.  Being used to do that when using
  the dildo, she also meanwhile rubbed her clit but now looking at my face and
  listening to my reactions.  So we both began to feel very good and started to
  pant and then moan and cry about at the same time, finally also cumming
  together, Cori, when she felt my seed gush into her, pushed with her legs to
  keep my cock inside her as long as possible.  It was really great and we
  hugged and kissed each other for a long time after this.  Bea told me later how
  beautiful it had been to see my cock go in and out Cori's smooth, hairless slit
  and how exciting it had been to hear us pant and moan together.  
  
            Danny and Bea had both become very excited by our performance, and
  Danny was very happy when his mother started to suck his cock, which was 
  already quite big for a boy of 12.  He could reach full orgasms already since he 
  was 10 but Bea did not this time suck him to climax; after some time she asked 
  him if he would like to fuck her and without waiting for his reply lay down on 
  her back, drew him on top of her and let him put his cock inside her.  Danny 
  automatically began to fuck his mother but he was so overwhelmed by this 
  first fuck ever that he came after only a few strokes inside his mother's cunt.  
  Mother and son then stayed closely embraced for quite some time, after 
  which Danny started to fuck Bea again, she now using her cunt muscles, 
  at which she is very good, so that Danny reached his climax again fairly quickly 
  but now giving his mother the time to cum also.  Danny then showed his 
  gratitude by giving Bea lots of kisses.  Later we told Danny never again to fuck 
  Cori, or to do so only using a condom, as we expected him to soon start to 
  produce fertile semen.  We suggested that he ask us for condoms - we thought
  that people would be a bit surprised if he bought them himself. 

           We continued having fun together for quite some time that day.  
  
           After that day Cori often asked me to fuck her, but always taking into
  account the needs and wishes of her mother; they would never become
  competitors for my favors.  And of course Danny now regularly fucked his
  mother.  She was very happy that she now had two 'lovers'.
  
           A few weeks later Danny indeed started to produce semen and surprised 
  his mother by ejaculating inside her.  We celebrated this by offering him a 
  'BOSS DAY' , that is a day he was the boss at home.  He profited from this 
  also by fucking both his mother and his sister, using a condom with Cori.

            - Chapter 4 - Tom's second visit 
  
            The year after I started to fuck Cori two events were very important for
  my sex life.  
  
            First, we got new neighbors, Stan and Susan Forley.  They were of
  about the same age as Bea and I, and also had 2 children, a boy and a girl
  about the same age as ours.  
  
            When they arrived we had no idea how important they would become in
  our life.  They were very different from us, at least in appearance, both Stan
  and Susan being of very much mixed descent.  Stan was a mixture of
  Caucasian, Indian and Black, resulting in a slender, dark skinned man with a
  happy smile.  Susan was a mixture of Caucasian and Japanese, with as a
  result a charming, petite woman with a very nice body, full but not really large
  breasts and a very beautiful skin.  
  
            We of course offered our new neighbors our help when they arrived but
  they did not seem do need that very much or they were just timid.  It is in fact
  through the children that we started to know each other much better during the
  following months.  For instance as our children went to the same school we
  soon alternated transporting all of them together.  Also, the children soon
  played together, for that purpose even making a gap in the common hedge
  behind our houses.  
  
            It is hardly necessary to say that we gave our children strict orders to
  avoid any sex play or any allusion to that in the presence of the Forley
  children, once more explaining to them that what we considered to be quite
  natural and normal, sex between members of the family, was thought by many
  others to be bad and was even forbidden by law.  When Danny then asked
  why the law forbade incest we told him that these laws were necessary for
  example to be able to take legal action against fathers who FORCED their
  daughter to have sex with them but these laws would be used also against us,
  even though we all liked our family sex very much, hence the necessity for not
  letting others know.  
  
            During this discussion Danny brought up another important subject.  He
  asked us if we would agree with him having sex with girls from outside.  We
  told him then that Bea and I thought it would later on be very normal and
  desirable for him and Cori, to have sex with outside partners, they would later
  also want to create their own family, although they would always be welcome
  to have sex within our family.  There was one condition, however.  They should
  always have only extremely safe sex with outsiders, as we did not take any
  precautions against AIDS etc. within our circle.  Anyway we thought that they
  should not have sex with outsiders for several years.  We advised them to wait
  at least until several of their friends had sex, as long as possible not fucking
  but only petting to climax, so as not to attract special attention in this respect;
  meanwhile they had enough opportunities for sex at home.  
  
            The second event I referred to was another visit of Tom, but now
  together with his wife.  They had left their children in the care of Thea's mother
  and came to stay with us for a week during a holiday of us and our children.  
  
            We immediately liked Tom's wife Thea very much.  She was still nearly a
  girl, not a woman although she had already given birth to 3 children, only 20
  and really very charming, a little brunette, not the sexy type, but we knew how
  adventurous she really was sexually.  So also for that reason we had great
  expectations for their visit and these were going to be more than fulfilled.  
  
            The first day Tom and Thea were with us, we did nothing special, just
  relaxing at our swimming pool and in the house.  Only when we discussed our
  sleeping facilities the sexual aspects of their visit became obvious.  Tom asked
  if he could spend the first night with his sister, which of course meant that I
  would sleep with his young wife.  She was quite ready to sleep with me but
  she said she wanted also to see her husband make love with his sister, she 
  thought she would very much enjoy that.  So we decided to sleep all four in 
  our bedroom, installing there an extra bed.  
  
            That night was going to be unforgettable.  
  
            First Thea and I just lay in each other's arms looking at Bea and Tom
  making love.  They were a very beautiful pair and obviously very happy to be
  together once more.  While looking at them I enjoyed very much to have Tom's
  lovely wife in my arms, to knead her beautiful breasts, stroke and now and
  then suck her nipples and to get a feel of her soft-haired pussy.  
  
            When Bea and Tom had both had their orgasm Thea and I were both
  already so excited that we started to fuck immediately.  This young woman
  Thea was really a very hot little piece and we both reached our climax very
  quickly.  
  
            After this we fucked and sucked in many combinations.  I still 
  remember how nice it was to fuck Thea from behind, at the same time 
  kneading her nice tits, while she was lovingly sucking Tom who was licking 
  Bea's clit, Bea sitting on his mouth.  
  
            But at the end Thea showed us one more, and certainly an important, 
  reason why she had asked to sleep all together.  She then joined Tom and Bea, 
  first kissing Tom and then Bea.  And then she asked Bea, while continuing to
  fondle her, if she had ever made love with another woman.  Bea never had, but
  she obviously was very sensitive to Thea's caresses and soon stretched out on
  her back enjoying very much what Thea was doing.  After some time she even
  began to return Thea's caresses and Tom and I had the privilege to see two
  beautiful women making passionate love.  At a certain moment Thea put some
  pillows on her legs and asked Bea to recline on them sitting with her pussy
  against Thea's mouth.  Then Thea started to lick Bea's cunt and diddle her 
  clit with her tongue while she stroked Bea's beautiful body and especially 
  her breasts, now and then looking up to enjoy the view.  No wonder that Bea 
  soon reached an enormous climax, Thea licking up the copious juices that 
  oozed from her cunt.  After she had regained her spirits Bea repaid her debt 
  at Thea's love fountain, kneeling before Thea who automatically raised and 
  spread her legs; I then could not resist to fuck Bea from behind looking at 
  Thea's face over Bea's shoulder to see how she reacted to Bea's ministrations.  
  I have always liked very much to do that, i.e.  fucking a woman from behind 
  while she is  eating a girl or giving a blowjob, it combines the joy of 
  fucking with that of the voyeur.

                                                ***
  
            When I woke up the following morning both Tom and Thea were
  missing.  I went to look for them and found Thea in Danny's room! 
  
            Danny told me later that that morning he had had the most agreeable
  wake-up ever, with Thea busily sucking his cock.  When he and his cock were 
  then completely awake, Thea had taken place on his belly with his cock inside 
  her and had ridden him to climax.  After that she had asked him to suck her 
  and she was just beginning to cum when I found her.  
  
            I then went on looking for Tom and of course found him in Cori's 
  room where he was fucking her.  He had woken up with a hard-on and, 
  remembering Cori from his previous visit, he had gone to her room to let her 
  profit from his condition.  
  
            We of course did not fuck all the time during Tom's visit, we did 
  many things with our guests, in the first place spending much time on and 
  near the beach that we are so lucky to have near us.  But we fucked freely 
  when we wanted to.  I remember entering our drawing room once to find there 
  my 10 year old Cori sitting with Tom on an arm chair with his big cock in 
  her cunt and her hands on his shoulders moving up and down fucking him.  
  When she saw me she said to me, panting, "Oh Daddy, it is so nice to be with 
  uncle Tom, he should come to see us very often ."   
  
            And when I then returned to our swimming pool, I found there my 13
  year old son Danny fucking his young aunt Thea, my wife looking on with a big
  smile from her chaise longue.  Danny certainly had made Thea his friend for
  ever.  
  
            - Chapter 5 - The Forley's 
  
            When Tom and his ravishing wife had gone home again, Bea and I
  discussed how we could find an other couple for some nice extramarital sex 
  now and then, and of course immediately the Forley's came to our mind.  We 
  had a problem there, however.  They were about our age but we had gotten the
  impression that they were not at all as liberated as we, so we would have to
  convert them to our life style.  Luckily that did not seem impossible, after 
  all, after 10 or more years of marriage they should be ripe for it.  So we 
  set up a scenario, to begin with to get them to do some nice wife swapping.  
  We always could later try and involve the children in our sex activities.  
  
            We started by often inviting them for dinner with us and that was 
  a success, we found that, although they were very different from us on the 
  face of it, we in fact had many common interests and views.  So we soon 
  frequently also had dinner at their house.  At one of these occasions when 
  I was drinking cocktails with Stan, the girls being busy in the kitchen, I 
  after a number of glasses cautiously brought up the subject saying "You have 
  a terribly sweet wife Stan.  You are never afraid that she will have a little 
  adventure when you are away for some time?" Stan, to my surprise and great 
  satisfaction, answered "And what about your own wife, Burt, she is very 
  attractive too.  In fact I must confess I would not be against Susan having 
  a little extramarital sex activity as long as I would know about it and I 
  myself also could have fun."   Obviously the Forley's, or at least Stan, 
  were less strict than we had thought and had also been fantasizing about 
  some wife swapping, maybe even with us.  
  
            So I then asked him "Is that a proposal?" and then Stan said with 
  a big smile "It sure is, I discussed it with Susan and she would be delighted 
  if you invited her and, as I said, I think your wife is really a doll.  And 
  living next door to each other and the children already having made a passage 
  between the two back gardens, it would be easy to do things without the whole 
  community knowing about it."   
  
            Sex with Bea that night was very good, Bea was very excited when she
  heard that we would soon start swapping with our neighbors and Stan told me
  later that Susan had had the same reaction.  The next day the girls had coffee
  together and, very excited, prepared our first swap.  
  
            The next Saturday night, after the children had gone to bed, we had a
  glass of wine at the Forley's.  I sat next to Susan and very quickly we were
  necking while Bea and Stan were doing the same on the sofa opposite.  I was
  very excited to see Stan enter a hand under Bea's skirts.  When I did the same
  with Susan I found that she had no panties on, just as Bea! The girls had really
  very well prepared! Soon after this Susan went 'home' with me, while Bea
  stayed with Stan..  
  
            When we arrived at our house Susan and I did not even go to the
  bedroom.  We immediately fell down on a sofa and started to neck and soon
  were naked on the floor fucking.  We both found the newness of our partner
  very exciting.  Susan very much liked to feel dominated by my strong body and
  also very much liked my thick cock, thicker than Stan's.  I liked very much
  Susan's small but very voluptuous body with its smooth peach like skin.  She
  made me feel very much the strong dominant male, being attentive to the
  slightest of my wishes.  And Susan might be petite but she had an impressive
  number of orgasms.  When we at last went upstairs and fell in bed we were
  immediately asleep.  
  
            Bea told me later that she and Stan had had similar experiences, Stan
  was very much exited by Bea's luxuriant body and, for him, big breasts, while
  Bea liked very much Stan's elegant body and long cock.  He also proved to be
  a very good lover.  
  
            Since then we often swapped spontaneously when we met in the
  evening , already beginning to fondle the girls in each other's company.  We
  now and then continued all together which led to very exciting foursomes.  I
  liked it very much to see Bea being fucked, and also to double fuck a girl, 
  for example by letting Thea fuck me sitting in my lap with her back to me and 
  with Stan's cock in her mouth, while Bea stroked her clit or caressed her 
  breasts .  Another favorite of mine was for Stan and me to fuck the girls 
  while they had a 69 lying on a table we had a sturdy little table of the 
  right dimensions just for that.  And, of course, I very much liked also to 
  fuck Bea or Thea while they were eating the other girl or giving a blow-job 
  to Stan.  
  
            I think I will never tire of seeing Bea give a blow-job to another 
  man, it is one of the most exciting experiences I know, maybe even the most 
  exciting of all.  
  
            Bea and I now plotted to get the Forley's to involve also their 
  children.  Their daughter Lisa, a beautiful little brunette, was 10, the same 
  as Cori, and Paul, a nice dark haired boy, was 14, a year older than Danny and 
  we thought very promising sex partners.  We thought that the easiest way to 
  'deprave' the Forley's was through Stan and it was of course Bea who undertook 
  to win Stan over to our life style, at the occasion of one of our swaps.  I let 
  follow here the story of how Bea did this as told by her:  
  
            <<<<

            When we were together in bed we first necked a bit and then I 
  asked Stan, while continuing to softly rub his cock "I often wonder if your 
  children are as hot as ours.  Our Cori probably began to masturbate already 
  when she was only 3 and we know she had real orgasms already when she was 5, 
  and Danny is also very interested in his cock.  Are your children also like 
  that?" 
  
            When Stan then told me that their children also were quite active and
  that Susan and he were happy they were, in fact had also told that their
  children, I continued "Do you know that our Cori told me the other day that she
  found you terribly attractive? Didn't you notice how warmly she hugs you when
  she gets the occasion?" 
  
            Stan obviously became a little excited by my words and said "Yes, 
  but she is only a little girl still, only 10 just as Lisa."   Then I replied 
  "Don't make the mistake to judge her according to her age, she may be young 
  but she already has the sexual feelings of a teenager.  In fact, Burt and I 
  won't mind at all, to tell the truth, we would even like it very much, if you 
  would go a little or even much further with her than is usual between an adult 
  and a child.  Cori told us that she would very much like you to teach her some 
  sex.  Why don't you try one of these days?" 
  
            Stan then said "I am really very moved by the confidence in me that 
  you are showing.  I may take you on your word one of these days, Cori is 
  really a very charming little girl."   
  
            Then I said "As it is Sunday tomorrow, you may already get the 
  occasion tomorrow morning.  On Sunday mornings our children often come in our 
  bed for some sex play and I think that Cori will be very glad if you show her 
  how much you like her."   Stan was now so excited that he had to fuck me
  immediately.  Thinking that he should not exhaust himself, in view of what
  awaited him the next day I then proposed to go to sleep.  
  
            The next morning Stan woke up with the agreeable sensation of having
  his cock sucked.  When he opened his eyes and saw me looking at him from
  the side with a big grin on my face, he exclaimed "What the hell!" and when he
  then looked down and saw Cori with his cock in her mouth "Or rather GOOD
  HEAVENS!" I then told Cori not to continue saying "Look out Cori, uncle Stan
  is going to cum any minute now, why don't you let him cum while fucking you?"
  Then Cori immediately slid up until his cock was under her cunt, and then, slid
  down again while I held Stan's cock, thus letting it enter her cunt.  It went 
  in easily as Cori's cunt was already quite wet and slippery and Stan's cock 
  less thick than yours.  Stan was really in the seventh heaven when Cori then 
  began to fuck him, meeting her movements with obvious pleasure.  He came very
  soon, spurting his cum into our little Cori.  After a few minutes he then showed
  how good a lover he is by going down on Cori and licking her to orgasm.  
  
            When the two at last started to pay a little attention to the world 
  around them they found Danny fucking me.  Nothing new for Cori, but Stan was 
  of course very amazed to see my son fuck me, and it also excited him terribly 
  so that he immediately replaced Danny when he had reached his climax.  
  
            Stan then said that I had made a fool of him, it was not he who had
  taught Cori sex, it was more the other way round.  We then talked a lot about
  the children and us.  When he heard that you also regularly fuck Cori, he said
  "His own daughter!!?" And then I said, "Yes Stan, the children like it very much
  to fuck with us.  We are really a very happy family, you only have to look at
  Cori and Danny here to see that that is true."   And indeed, Danny was now
  fucking Cori and it was quite obvious that they both liked very much what they
  were doing.  After Stan had looked for a few moments at the happy pair he said 
  "Yes, you are right, it is only so unusual but it is really terrific.  I would
  very much like to fuck my little Lisa, and, looking at your children, I begin 
  to think she would also like that, and also to be fucked by Burt and Danny, but 
  all this will only be possible if we can get Susan to also accept to fuck with 
  the children.  How can we get Susan so far?".  
  
            >>>>


            Bea then asked me if I had an idea but it was finally she herself who
  came up with a promising scenario, one needing the help of Cori, but of that
  we were of course assured in advance.  
  
            So some days later Cori invited Lisa to come and play with her, not
  suspecting what kind of play Cori had in mind.  Cori had told Lisa that they
  were alone in the house so that Lisa would not be afraid to be caught if they
  did something 'special'.  Cori and Lisa had already become good friends, so
  Lisa was not too surprised when Cori broached the subject of masturbation. 
  Cori soon got Lisa to admit that she often masturbated and she managed to get 
  Lisa to show her how she did it.  They then both removed their drawers and for
  some time they both masturbated themselves looking at each others fingers
  moving inside their cunts and over their clits.  Cori then told Lisa that she
  would so very much like to masturbate Lisa, that would seem so exciting to
  her, and without waiting for Lisa's agreement she pushed Lisa on her back on
  the bed where they were sitting and started to rub Lisa's cunt and especially
  her clit.  At first Lisa wanted to push Cori's hand away but soon she let 
  herself be fondled by her friend, the feelings she got were even much nicer 
  than those she normally had when masturbating herself and still more so when 
  Cori started to use her tongue! Very soon she reached her orgasm and then lay
  panting in the arms of her friend.  Later Cori asked to be masturbated by Lisa
  who proved to be a very good and eager pupil after some time even accepting
  to use her tongue, and then liking that.  

            From then on the girls had their mutual masturbation meetings as 
  often as possible.  During one of these Cori asked Lisa if she had ever 
  masturbated her brother, she herself finding masturbating her brother Danny 
  very exciting.  Lisa did not even know that boys also masturbated, and how, 
  so Cori told her everything about it.  When then the next time Danny entered 
  the room while they were masturbating, Cori asked Lisa if she wouldn't like 
  to participate in masturbating Danny, and Lisa, being very curious to see 
  Danny's cock and what Cori would do with it, accepted to look at them doing 
  it.  Very soon, however, Cori and Danny got her to also rub Danny's cock and 
  later even to suck it.  This made Danny so hot that he threw Cori on her back 
  and fucked her there and then before the very surprised Lisa.  After that she 
  let Danny suck her cunt and when she had become very lustful by that she even 
  let him fuck her encouraged by Cori.  Danny handled the defloration so well 
  that Lisa hardly noticed it, just saying "Ouch" but then immediately swept by 
  a great orgasm.  
  
            At a later threesome of these children they invited also Paul, 
  Lisa's 13 year old brother.  Lisa had already told him a little about their 
  sex games and had let him understand that Cori would let him see and even play 
  with her cunt.  When Paul then saw Danny fuck his sister Lisa they had not much
  difficulty in getting him to fuck Cori.  Cori was very happy with Paul's fucking. 
  She found that his cock, although he is one year older, was not thicker, just
  somewhat longer than that of her brother.  And when Paul then later saw
  Danny fuck his own sister he immediately did the same with his.  
  
            Danny and Cori had kept us informed of these developments - they were
  in fact very proud how they gotten the Corley children to loose their inhibitions
  - and we had again kept Stan informed.  So far everything had gone as we had
  hoped, it had not taken more than a month to get the children to create a
  happy little fucking community.  
  
            Then during one of our foursomes with Stan and Susan we told Susan
  that our children had 'discovered' sex and now and then even had their own
  foursomes.  She would not believe us, so we said we would show her.  Indeed
  the Forley's had invited our children for a sleep over, putting extra mattresses
  in Paul's and Lisa's bedrooms, so that we would have our freedom for our
  foursome, but the children then had organized their own, putting both extra
  mattresses in Paul's bed room.  When we arrived there we could show Susan
  Danny fucking her little innocent daughter Lisa and her son Paul fucking Cori -
  what Susan did not know is that we had warned them by phone that we were
  coming, so that they would really be active when we arrived! 
  
            Susan was quite upset by the scene that came before her eyes when we
  opened the door.  The children of course stopped their fucking but then we
  further surprised Susan by telling her that we would very much like to join the
  children.  We had arrived only scantily clad, and immediately Susan lay down
  on her back on the bed to let Paul lick her cunt.  I had my arm around Susan
  and I pushed her towards the bed asking her if she would not let Danny do the
  same to her.  Danny of course still had a nice hard-on and Susan, still very hot
  from our previous fucking at our house, seeing how eager Danny was, did not
  resist me when I pushed her down on her back and very soon she was moaning 
  under Danny's tongue licks.  And after some time she then even let him fuck her 
  while I helped Danny a little by fondling her breasts and rubbing her clit 
  until she had her climax, just after Danny had spurted his cum inside her.  
  
            After that the eight of us had further sex in many combinations, but it
  was only at our next two families' sex meeting that Susan lost all her inhibitions
  about incest.  She then saw how Bea prepared Cori for fucking by first kissing
  and then licking her cunt.  When Cori then became really excited she offered
  her little daughter to me, her husband.  I then continued to lick and suck Cori's
  cunt while Bea sucked my cock and when both Cori and I were on the brink of
  cumming, I put my cock into Cori's narrow cunt hole and started to fuck her,
  Bea now stroking my balls and my ass hole.  Very soon I had Cori cry out with
  delight and I spurted my cum into her love hole, giving Cori also a tremendous
  orgasm.  After Cori and I had regained our spirits we took Bea in our arms and
  hugged and kissed her a lot.  Susan was so moved by what she had seen and
  heard! that she spontaneously asked Stan and Lisa if they would like her to do
  the same for them.  The answer was an eager YES from both and so it happened 
  that finally also Stan fucked his little daughter after she had been prepared 
  for that by her mother.  While Stan and Lisa were fucking, panting and moaning 
  with their pleasure, Susan an excited onlooker, Bea and I hugged her, telling 
  her how glad we were that sex within and between our two families was now 
  completely free, without any taboos and without feelings of guilt or shame.  
  I later often prepared Cori or Bea for fucking by Stan, Paul or Danny, I liked 
  that very much.  
  
            Since that memorable evening our two families were even more united
  than before, sharing many activities, and whenever or wherever it was
  possible and any pair in our joint families wanted to fuck, they did so, often
  causing others to follow their example or to join them.  
  
  
            - Chapter 6 - A near disaster 
  
            This is the story of what seemed at first to be a disaster and that 
  finally proved to be a, though at first well disguised, blessing.  It happened 
  when Cori was 12.  
  
            We were of course aware that our style of life was very much different
  from that of the average citizen and even that we did a lot of things that were
  against the law.  We were not afraid that our activities would become known
  outside our group because we were very discreet about them and were sure
  nobody of us would be foolish enough to talk about them with outsiders.  Fate
  decided to wreck our peace, however.  
  
            One of our near neighbors was a police inspector, Bob Crover, black,
  then 30 year old, and a nice man.  We often saw each other when mowing our 
  lawn and now and then, when we were both hot and sweaty, I invited him to our 
  cosy kitchen for beer and a chat. 

  One beautiful Sunday his mower broke down while he was mowing. Not seeing me 
  in my front garden but knowing I must be home as my car was standing before 
  our garage he decided to go and ask me to lend him my mower so that he could 
  finish his lawn.  When he reached our house he saw that the door was standing 
  ajar; Bea had forgotten to close it when leaving.  He knocked on it and pushed 
  it open calling for somebody to come. Not getting any reaction but hearing 
  noises from the garden he went through the kitchen into the garden and there 
  found me with Cori: both sweet little 12 year old Cori and I were naked and 
  Cori was sitting on my lap fucking me, her eyes closed, moaning! Bob could 
  not believe his eyes and cried "JESUS!" , drawing our attention to his 
  irruption. When we saw our dear neighbor - we knew he was a police inspector - 
  Cori jumped from my lap, offering him a beautiful show of my cock, now waving
  erect and glistening in the air.  Both Cori and I then rapidly put on a 
  bathrobe and waited for further developments, terrified.  
  
           Bob told me later that he had found our couple magnificent, little 
  blond Cori, obviously very happily moving up and down with my cock inside her, 
  and this partly explains his reaction.  Because he did not arrest us on the 
  spot or something but, ignoring me completely, he just said "I want to have 
  a word with you, young girl" and I then showed them into the drawing room 
  and left them alone - what could I do else - staying nearby however.  
  
           Cori told me later about the conversation they had had.  He began
  asking her if this was the first time we were fucking and, when she said NO, 
  if I had forced her to be fucked.  When Cori then told him that, on the 
  contrary, she had asked me, as she often did, to fuck her because she liked 
  it so much, and that her mother fully agreed with her doing it, Bob, after 
  asking some more questions, had said "Tell your father that I apologize for 
  intruding.  Just assume that I have never been in your back garden" and then 
  he left.  
  
            Bob had not profited from the occasion to in any way annoy Cori by
  trying to touch her during his conversation with her, remember only clad in a
  thin bathrobe, and when they met later he acted as if the whole thing had 
  never happened.  In fact he had been so nice with Cori that she took a great 
  liking to him.  When Bea heard what had happened she told me that she had only 
  just chatted with Bob now and then but that she found him very attractive.  
  
            So one day when I saw him again busy in his garden I invited him for a
  cocktail, and he accepted!  Bea and I received him together and we then had 
  a frank discussion about his last visit.  I told him that I had been rather 
  surprised, although of course very relieved, by his reaction, or rather lack 
  of reaction.  Bob told us then that he had then just had another case where 
  a daughter had sex with her father.  The police having been informed by a 
  nasty mother-in-law the affair had been brought before the judge and the 
  incestuous father had been convicted to a number of years of imprisonment.  
  This had not been Bob's first case of incest, but while in the previous 
  cases it was clear that the father had forced a poor child to have sex with 
  him, this time he had come to the conclusion that in fact there would not 
  have been any harm done if the police had not been informed.  Until then the 
  girl had been very happy with her father, even though she knew that 'society' 
  strongly condemned incest.  Bob also heard later that the girl had been so 
  unhappy about her father's fate that she had tried to commit suicide.  So, 
  when he became convinced that Cori was very happy fucking with me he had 
  decided not to take any action.  Had we been lucky!  
  
            Bea then went to sit on the couch beside him and laying her hand on 
  his leg, very near to his cock, that immediately reacted very visibly, she 
  told him that both she and Cori would be very happy if he would accept an 
  invitation for a little more than a cocktail some day later.  I am certain
  he blushed, even if one could not see it, but he accepted after looking at me, 
  who was grinning at him encouragingly.  When I told him that he could of 
  course also bring his wife if she could accept our life style, the answer was 
  "No, but thank you, I would like to, maybe one day I will."   
  
            So a few weeks later, it was a very hot and beautiful day, he came 
  to our house and after a cocktail we,  i.e. Bea, Cori, Bob and me, went to 
  the pool in our back  garden and after some skinny-dipping, having a lot of 
  pleasure, we left the pool, all remaining naked, and Bea went up to Bob and 
  started fondle and then to kiss him.  Very soon they were fucking very 
  nicely on one of the mattresses lying around the pool, but not before he 
  had asked if she had locked the front door this time.  I was on another 
  mattress fondling Cori, while we were looking at this beautiful pair.  Both 
  Cori and I got very excited and soon we were also fucking.  
  
            After that we all had a drink and did some more swimming during 
  which Cori told me that she was really dying to have Bob fuck her too.  
  So when we had come out of the water again I went up to Bob and told him 
  so.  He obviously was very much tempted to accept but I had to insist 
  before he accepted the offer.  He then went up to Cori where she was 
  lying and soon we saw one of the most beautiful fucking demonstrations I 
  have ever experienced.  Bob excited Cori very much and he could have 
  taken her without any preliminaries but he preferred to first kiss her 
  all over her body and then let her suck his cock.  She had some 
  difficulty with that, Bob's cock is very big.  After that Bob licked 
  Cori's cunt until she really beseeched him to fuck her.  His big black 
  cock slipped easily into Cori's small cunt, she was so ready for him!  
  And then Bea and I could not stop looking at big black Bob fucking our 
  little blond Cori, it was fantastic sight.  At last they were both 
  crying out and they reached their orgasm together, after which Bob 
  turned over on his back with Cori in his arms.  The lay there for 
  quite a long time recuperating, softly kissing each other while Bob's 
  cock slowly shrunk and finally glided out of Cori's cunt.  
  
            From that day on we often invited Bob to participate in our 
  parties with Stan and Susan Forley and their children Paul and Lisa, 
  and with Tom and Thea and later also their children.  All the women 
  and girls very much liked to fuck with him, as he was a real 
  gentleman and well endowed.  But he never asked if his wife and 
  children could also participate, what a pity!    
  
  
  
            - Chapter 7 - With Tom and Thea 
  
              
            Tom and Thea are now also living next to us! I heard last year 
  that the house on our right, that on our left is Forley's, was for sale 
  and Tom immediately bought it.  He had always wanted to come and live 
  nearer to us and he had already found a job in our town when he heard of 
  the house.  
  
            Last week we had the inauguration of his house and, of course, it
  became a great sex party, for which also the Forley's had been invited.  I 
  will not tell here all we did but only how we 'officially' initiated Tom's 
  twin daughters Polly and Sandra, who are 12, and his son Steven, 10, as 
  members of our sex community.  
  
            Polly and Sandra are not identical twins, Polly is more like her 
  father, very beautiful long blond hair, blue eyes, Sandra resembles her 
  mother, she is a very nice brunette.  Both are already have the beginnings 
  of breasts, little mounds with nice nipples.  Steven is a well developed 
  cheerful boy who resembles his sister Sandra.  
  
            When Polly and Sandra were 7 we heard from Thea that they had
  started to masturbate together, soon now and then also in the presence of 
  their parents.  When they were 8 they had begun to reach orgasms and Thea 
  and Tom had started to have sex play together with them, more or less as 
  we had done with Cori, but Tom had not yet started to fuck the girls, the 
  activities with their parents being restricted to mutual masturbation.  
  They began to include also Steven in their games when he reached the age 
  of 9, he was then often sucked by his mother and his sisters.  He began 
  to have orgasms, without ejaculation, when he was 10.  
  
            The girls and Steven were very excited at the prospect of soon 
  to be full fledged members of our sex community.  
  
            We were all assembled around Thea when she started the defloration 
  of her daughters by taking Polly in her arms, on her back with her legs held 
  high and wide, thus presenting herself to her father who then licked her cunt 
  and sucked and licked her clit.  Bea then went to suck his cock, just to keep 
  it hard and wet.  It was a very exciting scene, this young girl with her 
  beautiful flawless body getting ever more excited.  When she started to cum 
  her father positioned his cock at her eager cunt while her mother continued 
  to bring her to orgasm by rubbing her clit while sucking her small, beautiful 
  breasts.  When she then had her orgasm Tom pushed his cock completely into 
  Polly's cunt hole.  Polly only gave a little cry, more of surprise or maybe 
  even of triumph than of pain, and continued to have her orgasm.  
  
            Tom and Thea then immediately switched to Sandra while Bea and I
  occupied ourselves with Polly, letting her complete her orgasm while we
  fondled and kissed her.  Sandra started to cum immediately when she felt her
  father's cock at her cunt and then Tom also deflowered her with one push of
  his mighty weapon.  Sandra did not even seem to be aware that she had lost
  her cherry and Thea and Tom continued to fondle Sandra so that she also
  completed her orgasm.  
  
            Polly and Sandra then showed their gratitude to their father by 
  gently pushing him on his back and then in turn suck his cock and lick his 
  nipples.  Tom did not stand this treatment very long and started to cry out 
  "I am coming!  I am coming!" It was Polly who then had his cock in her 
  mouth and she let the first spurt of Tom's semen enter her mouth, but then 
  she withdrew, still getting one spurt on her face, in order to let Sandra 
  complete the job.  Also Sandra got a jet of semen on her face and then 
  sucked the rest of Tom's cum out of his cock.  When Tom had finished 
  ejaculating, Polly and Sandra, their faces covered with their father's cum, 
  kissed each other and then their father.  It was a happy and exciting 
  family scene, which incited Stan and me to each grab one of the girls, I 
  Sandra and he Polly.  We pushed the very willing girls down on the bed
  and then gave them their first real fuck.  
  
            While we were fucking the girls, Danny and Paul were fucking their
  respective mothers - they liked that very much, no need for condoms! - while
  Cori sucked her nephew Steven to orgasm, Lisa sat on her father with his cock
  inside her, giving him a nice fuck, and Thea sat on his mouth getting to climax
  by rubbing her cunt and by having her clit sucked.  
  
            When Polly and Sandra felt our cum jet into their cunt hole they 
  cried out with delight and had a new orgasm.  All others were not particularly 
  silent about their feelings either.  
  
            We continued our activities until everybody was completely satisfied.  
  
            Now Polly and Sandra have become full members of our community they 
  participate in our sex activities, like all of us, whenever they feel like it.  
   
  
  
            - Chapter 8 - The future 
  
   
            I have often been thinking how nice it would be to have a number of
  families with the same sexual freedom as we, now Tom and his wife are living
  next to us, we already have a group of 13 people, each totally free to have sex
  with anybody who is willing and, as long as we have sex in our group only, in
  perfect safety.  
  
            I am dreaming of buying a little island - our group has enough means 
  for that - and to create our community there, making it easier to maintain our 
  own life style.  One of the main principles of this community would be complete 
  freedom of sexual relations - of course including the freedom for everybody to 
  say NO at any moment.  We would not abolish marriage, considering that family 
  ties are very important.  So we would be free to fuck with anybody but fuck to 
  have children only with our spouse.  The children should also understand that 
  if they would later marry, this would not be to restrict their sexual activities, 
  but to create a family, if possible within our group.  
  
            At least as long as we would like to increase the size of our group, 
  our sexual activities would not necessarily be restricted to our group, but 
  outside we would have to be very careful, not to introduce illnesses and to 
  prevent interference from outsiders.  
  
            We should also find means to convince the outside world of the
  soundness of our opinions on sex, but that will be very difficult in a 
  world where children, even when they have reached the age of 16, and in some 
  countries even 18, are still considered to be, or have to act as if they are, 
  sexually uninterested and do not have any right of say about sex.  Thus we 
  shall have to depend on secrecy to be able to continue our life style.  
  Maybe we should rather try to create new groups rather than increase the 
  size of the existing one.  We continue to think about all this.
  
            
  
           
********************************************************************* 
            .  
  
  
  














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
            