Copyright © 1997, Gobs O'Semen.  All Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.












MYNLAWS2.TXT               MY IN-LAWS
                        Part II - Rachel

My oldest sister-in-laws' name is Rachel.  Rachel is 35 and just a
little on the plump side.  She is about 10 pounds over-weight so
pleasingly plump would be an apt description.  Rachel has been
married 4 times and appears to be about as sex-starved as a person
can be.  Once, when Rachel and her first husband were staying with
us, I was able to spy on her as she was stepping out of the shower. 
It was a sight that I will never forget.  Rachel was a little
thinner then and she had the prettiest areolas and nipples that I
had ever seen.  Rachel and I haven't been particularly close in the
past, but we have never had any problems either.  Rachel graduated
from college recently and when I gave her the congratulatory hug,
I thought that I felt her squeeze my right butt cheek, so things
could be 'looking up'.

After my father-in-laws' bypass heart surgery, everything seemed to
get hectic since this occurred around Christmas time.  Since their
house had gone uncleaned since sometime before his surgery, I
volunteered to help clean up.  I had taken a half a days vacation
from my job and arrived at about 12:15 in the afternoon.  I had an
important meeting that morning, so I was wearing my favorite dark
gray power suit.  When I arrived at Jeremy and Helen's house,
Rachel was the only one there.

I asked her who else was coming to help and she said that we were
it.  Angela had to study for a final exam at college and Monique
had come down with a case of the flu the night before.

     "Rachel," I said "I forgot about doing this until I arrived at
     work this morning and I didn't bring any work clothes with
     me."

     "So..."  replies Rachel "...are you going to be able to help
     me or not?"

     "Oh, yes" I asserted "but I'm going to take off my dress
     clothes, even if I have to work in my underwear."

     "Okay, I'll start in the kitchen and you can start in the
     master bedrooms."  Rachel said nonchalantly.

I walked down the long hall to the large master bedroom and went
in.  I then removed my coat and pants and hung them on a hanger in
the closet.  I took my tie off and draped it around the shoulders
of the suit.  I removed my white dress shirt, wadded it up, and
tossed it on the bed.  I was now down to a white undershirt, a pair
of teal colored, see-through bikini briefs, and dark socks.  Since
it was December and Rachel had the central heating turned up, I
took the socks off also.  I then began cleaning the bathroom.

After scrubbing the shower stall, bidet, and toilet, I started to
sweat profusely.  I then removed my white undershirt.  I could hear
the water running in the kitchen from the bathroom pipes and I
thought that Rachel was probably using the dishwasher.  I then came
out and started to pick up the dirtied clothes and shoes from the
bedroom floor.  I was laying on the floor, trying to pull an
orphaned shoe out from under the bed, when Rachel walked in.  She
was taken aback as she looked down and saw her brother-in-law
wearing only a pair of see-through briefs.

     "I came back to see if you needed any help."  she said after
     regaining her composure.

     "I could always use the help," I replied and added "I'll look
     in the closet and see if Jeremy has a robe or a pair of pants
     that will fit me."

     "Don't bother yourself, you look very comfortable to me."  she
     winked.

With that, she went to the other side of the room and started
working.  I managed to contain my erection pretty well considering
my good looking sister-in-law, Rachel, was in the room with me and
appeared to be looking at me every chance she got.  After about 45
minutes of work, we had pretty much whipped the large master
bedroom back into shape.

     "I'm going to start on the small master bedroom,"  Rachel
     mused "come down and help me when you finish up here, and
     DRESS COMFORTABLE."

     "Okay" I said looking up at her just in time to see her
     staring at my cock through my briefs.

I finished up in the bedroom, used the bathroom, turned out the
lights and walked down the hall to help Rachel in the small master. 
When I arrived at the room, Rachel had taken off the clothes she
had on and was now wearing what appeared to be a thigh length T-
shirt.  I thought that she was probably getting sweaty from all of
the work and she just changed into something more comfortable.  She
looked up from what she was doing.

     "There are some shoes and coat hangers under the bed that I
     can't reach.  Would you try?"  she asked.

I bent over and looked under the bed and sure enough, the shoes and
hangers were piled up right in the center of the floor of the
extra-king size bed that was in this room.  I laid down on my back
and scooted under the bed on my butt and shoulder blades until I
was able to reach the shoes and coat hangers.  I tossed them out
from underneath the bed and as I inched out, I could see Rachel's
feet working on my side.  I moved on out and as I got to the edge
of the bed, Rachel stood directly over where I was going to come
out.  I looked up and saw that Rachel was wearing absolutely
nothing under her shirt.  No panties, no bra, no nothing.  I was
staring at her short trimmed pussy and it seemed to be sopping wet. 
Looking down at me, she joked

     "What are you staring at so hard?"

Hard is right I thought.

     "Oh, nothing."  in an obvious gross lie.

     "I figured if you were going to get comfortable, then I might
     as well also."  she cooed.

Still not thinking that Rachel meant anything more than showing off
her luscious body to be, I rolled on out from under the bed and
jumped up.  I hadn't realized it, but my cock had now become quite
excited from the beautiful site that I had just been treated to.

     "EXCUSE ME....!"  I said, putting my hands in front of my
     crotch and turning around after realizing what was happening.

     "Don't be."  Rachel purred back, circling me.

She then walked over to me and, putting her arms around my neck,
preceded to give me one of the longest, wettest, deepest-tongued
kisses that I had experienced in a long time.  Regaining my
composure, I returned the favor, groping for her tits through the
long shirt.  After several minutes of this, I pushed her back to
the wall.  I lifted my now hard 10" dick out of its' restraint, and
with the same hand, pushed Rachel's shirt up to her belly.  She
continued to kiss me as I lifted her left leg in the air and pushed
my cock deep into her dripping wet pussy.  It went in all of the
way without any hindrance.  Here I was, fucking Rachel, my sister-
in-law just like Michael Douglas had fucked Glenn Close in Fatal
Attraction; against the wall, grunting and groaning like two horny
animals.  Already horny as hell, I porked Rachel for a good 10
minutes before I came, which I did in large spurts.  We just stood
there for a few moments afterward, embracing each other with my
cock still buried in Rachel's cunt, not saying a word to each
other.  Right before my limp dick fell out, Rachel reached over to
a box of facial tissues on the dresser and grabbed some.  As I came
out, she bowed her legs and put the tissues on her pussy to keep
the load of jism that I injected in her from running down her legs
and on to the carpet.

We still had not said an understandable word to each other when
Rachel pulled her shirt down, smiled a sly smile at me, and walked
out of the room.  I hadn't even got a chance to play with her boobs
outside of the shirt, much less eat that gorgeous pussy that I had
dreamed about for so long.  I just collapsed on the floor, lying on
my back.  After 15 minutes, I got up, and thinking that this was
going to be, unfortunately, just a 'one-shot' deal, put on my
underwear.  I walked down the hall and could see Rachel cleaning up
the den.  She had put her clothes back on.  I went back to the
small master bedroom and finished cleaning it.  I then cleaned the
bathroom nearest the den and it seemed that Rachel wouldn't even
look at me.  I asked her what was left to clean and she told me
that we were through.  I turned and walked back to the master
bedroom where my clothes were.

Being sweaty and having a dick that smelled like Rachel's sweet
pussy, I decided to take a shower.  Jeremy and Helen's shower was
a masterpiece.  It looked like it was designed for sex and, if you
didn't know any better, you would swear that my mother and father-
in-law used it for that purpose.  The shower stall was about 5 feet
wide by 10 feet long and had 5 shower heads, two on each end and
one large one in the center of the ceiling.  There is a two-step
ledge that runs the entire length of the stall on one side, just
opposite the large, crystal clear glass door that serves as the
entrance to this Edenic place.  There is also an anteroom, with a
raised cedar railed floor, that separates the rest of the large
bathroom from the shower.  I stripped off my briefs and reached in
and turned all of the shower heads on, adjusting the water
temperature to as hot as I could stand it.  I then removed four
large towels from the closet in the anteroom and hung them up on
the hooks outside the clear shower door, which was now covered with
steam.

I had been in the shower for 10 minutes when I saw some movement
through the mist covered door out in the bathroom.  I didn't really
pay any attention to this because Rachel and I were the only ones
here and she had already seen everything that I had.  I then
started soaping my body when I heard the door snap open behind me. 
I looked back and saw Rachel with just her head sticking through
the door.

     "Nikki called and I took a message."  she hollered over the
     noise of the shower.

     "Thank you, I'll get it when I get out."  I said, not
     bothering to turn around.

I then heard the door snap closed as I continued lathering myself. 
As I was rinsing off, the shower door suddenly opened, and in
walked my sexy sister-in-law in the au naturel.

     "I decided that you needed your message right now."  Rachel
     said.

     "Oh, you did...."  I responded.

     "Yes" she purred as she approached me.

     "What did Nikki want?"

     "She just wanted to know how we are doing and when you would
     be home."

     "What did you tell her?" I asked as I circled her nipples with
     my index fingers.

     "I said that you didn't hear the phone because of the vacuum
     cleaner.  I also told her that we were about a third finished
     with the house and that you would be late getting home."

     "That's good."  I said as I could feel my dick rising between
     us.

She pushed me back to the ledge, where I sat down.  Then Rachel
bent down and took my now hardening cock in her mouth.  I then got
one of the best cocksuckings of my life.  Rachel was a
professional, deep-throating all ten inches and not one tooth ever
raked across the bulging veins of my thundering hard on.  She
sucked me hard for 15 minutes before I finally pulled her lips up
to mine.  We French kissed each other, while I played with her
slippery wet tits, something that I had not had a chance to do in
our previous encounter.  I then pushed her back down to the ledge
and parting her legs, I slipped a hand between her butt cheeks,
alternating it from her pussy to her anus.  Each movement seemed to
stimulate her more than the previous one.  I then bent down and
placed my mouth and tongue where my dick had been just and hour and
a half earlier.  In most cases, a man would have to be a complete
fool to fuck a pussy like this one before he ate it, but not this
time.  Rachel's pussy tasted as sweet as honey, even though it had
been full of my jism earlier.  She came immediately after I started
eating her.  After four more orgasms in the next 20 minutes, she
sat up and I turned around so that she was now sitting on my face
where I could look up and play with her tits while I continued
eating at the 'Y'.  She came twice more, violently bucking each
time, and then she rotated her body 180 degrees and bent down and
took my cock in her soft mouth, in the classic '69' position.  I
slowly circled Rachel's anus with my finger and then gently probed
her fudge hole with it.  She slightly resisted at first, and then
seemed to enjoy it when I pushed my whole middle finger up her ass. 
The excitement of Rachel sucking my cock, of eating her delicious
cunt, and fingering her asshole proved to be too much.  I tensed up
and shot my love juices in Rachel's mouth.  She didn't miss a beat
and swallowed the entire load.  She continued to suck my dick until
it was totally limp.

     "YOU were GOOD!"  she told me as she sat up.

     "SO were YOU!"  I replied, doing likewise.

     "If I had known that you had a cock like that, I would have
     screwed you a long time ago.  I think that it is the biggest
     thing that I have EVER had inside there.  How big is it,
     anyway?"

     "It's about 10 inches long with a girth of 5 and one half
     inches."  I bragged.

     "Don't talk that college shit to me, how thick is it?"

     "A little more than two inches in diameter.  Why did you walk
     off after our first meeting.  I thought that I had made you
     mad or something."

     "I was embarrassed, I guess.  I haven't done anything like
     this since I married Charlie and I didn't know how you would
     react."

     "How did I react?"

     "It was the third best fuck I've ever had."

     "Third best?"  I ask, feeling dejected  "What's numbers one
     and two?"

     "We haven't had them yet."  she said as she played with my
     limp dick.

I pulled her to me and grabbing her left tit with my right hand,
kissed her deeply.  Our lips finally separated.

     "I've wanted you for a long, long time."  I said.

     "I've had my eye on you too, but I didn't know just how to
     approach you.  When you said that you were going to clean the
     house in just your underwear, that got me started.  And when
     I came back here and saw that cock of yours through those
     flimsy bikini briefs, I knew that I had to act."

     "I guess that I need to confess that this was not the first
     time that I saw you naked."  I avowed as I saw Rachel get a
     fascinating look on her face.

     "I spied on you in the shower when you and Bill were staying
     with us in the apartment, right after Bill's accident.  If you
     remember, the door knob to the bathroom door was missing and
     we had a wash cloth stuck in it.  I was able to press the wash
     cloth down and standing out in the hall watch you get our of
     the shower.  You were good looking then, too."  I continued.

     "Why thank you."  Rachel said, almost blushing.  "You must
     remember that anyone could have looked inside that bathroom. 
     That was the first time I saw this.  You were a little fatter
     then and just stepping out of the shower.  You lifted your
     dick up in the air while you dried it."  she replied as she
     pulled on my ever stiffening cock.

With that, she bent down and started sucking my dick back to life. 
I let her deepthroat me for about five minutes when I pulled her up
and preceded to go down on her, licking both her pussy and her
anus.  I had been doing this for five minutes when Rachel got up,
turned around, and placing her beautiful butt in the air for me to
gaze at, invited me to fuck her from behind.  Since the showers
were still on, we were both wet.  As I stepped behind her, I guided
my engorged penis towards her pussy.  I let my dick move up and
down her slit and then pushed it in her pussy up to the hilt.  She
then started moving back and forth, pistoning on my dick as she did
so.  All of a sudden, she lunged forward and my dick plopped out. 
As I was about to put it back in her, Rachel's hand came back and
guided it to her asshole.  Since I was well lubricated with her
cunt juices, I pressed my dick about one inch into my sister-in-
laws' fudge cavity.  As she relaxed, I continued to force my cock
up Rachel's ass.  As unbelievable as it may seem,  she took my
entire length in her poop hole.  I let her rest for a moment and
then started pumping in and out.  All Rachel could do was moan
softly while she had numerous orgasms.

The view from behind was spectacular.  I was holding her ass cheeks
wide apart and porking her asshole to beat the band.  I was able to
play with her tits and her clitoris in this position.  I ask Rachel
if I was hurting her.

     "Shut up and fuck my ass." she ordered.

     "You got it, babe."  I said.

I fucked my sister-in-laws' ass for what seemed like 45 minutes.
She yelled and screamed the entire time.  When I came, I absolutely
exploded.  I came and came and came.  Rachel was screaming like she
had seen the winning home run hit in the bottom of the ninth inning
at the World Series.  If there had been anyone else in the house,
they would have heard her.  I proceeded to pump for 5 minutes after
I had shot my wad until my dick became limp and wouldn't stay in
Rachel's ass.  When I pulled my cock out, I just collapsed on her. 
She rolled over and kissed me deeply on the lips.  We stayed in
this position until Rachel got up, and went over and got a wash
cloth.  She soaped up the wash cloth and preceded to wash my dick
and balls.  Then she washed her pussy and butt.  She pulled me up
and together we rinsed each other off under the shower heads.  We
turned all of the water faucets off and retrieving the towels, got
out of the shower and dried off in the room just outside of the
shower.

     "You take an ass fucking like a pro,"  I mentioned as we were
     drying each other off,  "that was the easiest I have ever got
     in to anybody's poop chute."

     "This was the first time I have EVER had it up the butt, but
     it CERTAINLY won't be the last, at least not as long as you
     are around."  she said as she dried by cock and balls,  "I may
     have to recommend this to my friends."

     "Please DO!!"  I begged.

We walked into the master bedroom where I just fell on the bed. 
Rachel was right behind me.  We laid there and talked for a while.

     "I'm worried about mother."  Rachel finally said.

     "What's wrong?"  I asked.

     "She hasn't really seemed to be herself lately."

     "What do you mean?  How long is lately?"

     "With Daddy's operation and the expected burden of operating
     the business all alone for while, she seems especially
     stressed.  I also don't think that she has been laid in the
     past several years."

     "What makes you say that?"  I said, feigning innocence.

     "We're not as close to each other as she and Angela, but she
     thinks that Daddy has been avoiding having sex with her.  She
     believes that he may be impotent.  This bypass operation has
     not reinforced her hopes for the future, either."

     "What can we do to help?"  I asked.

     "Angela and Monique think that we should steer Mother into an
     affair."

     "You want a stranger to fuck your mother?"

     "I think that we should find someone she knows to seduce her. 
     That way she probably wouldn't feel so guilty about it."

     "Someone she knows.......?"  I questioned, grinning.

     "It would need to be someone who can keep his mouth shut. 
     They would also need to be healthy.  I don't want my mother
     getting AIDS or anything like that.  We have talked about you,
     or Charlie or Steve or Ronnie."  Rachel went on.

     "I don't really keep up with their performance standards. 
     Who's the leader?"

     "Charlie hasn't even touched me in six months.  I had been
     considering looking outside, until today.  According to
     Angela,  Steve is just not really interested in sex.  Ronnie
     has been working double shifts recently and Monique says that
     he hasn't been able to get it up for very long at all."

     "What are you trying to say to me?"

     "I want you to consider coming on to Mother, for her benefit. 
     I know what it's like not to have sex.  If I can't screw, I
     just go nuts, like I have been for the past half year."

     "Who's in on this plan with you?"

     "This is JUST ME asking now.  Nobody else......."  her voice
     trailed off.

I must have fallen asleep from the exhaustion because when I woke
up it was half an hour later and Rachel was sucking furiously on my
dick, with the predicted results.

     "Haven't you had enough for one night young lady?" I asked.

     "I can never get enough DICK!!  You know that!"  came her
     reply.

     "Besides,"  Rachel continued  "best fuck number 1A is coming
     up."

I pulled Rachel off of my cock and rolled her over on her back.  I
bent down and, starting at her mouth, I licked her body all over,
paying close attention to her pert, pink tits.  I flicked her clit
with my tongue for 5 minutes and then sat up.  I crawled between
Rachel's legs, mounting her immediately.  Since my balls had been
drained three times this afternoon, it would be a while before I
could come again.  I fucked her for an hour and came savagely
again.  Rachel must have came another ten times in this session
alone.

I jumped off of the bed and ran and got some towels so we wouldn't
get jism on the bed spread.  After we cleaned each other up, we
dressed and got ready to leave.

     "Please think about Mother."  Rachel said.

     "I've been thinking about your mother a lot lately."  I
     replied.

We then told each other that we would have to come over again and
'clean up the house'.  We smiled at each other, kissed again, and
went home.

         Story continues in MYNLAWS3.TXT...............













--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....