Archive-name: Bondage/mywife.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: About My Wife...


      I love to be sexually dominated, and I am married to a very
beautiful young woman who utilizes my obedience to the maximum.
She knows that when I am sexually aroused there is nothing I
won't do for her.  She often makes me go a few days without
cumming, knowing that I will be that much more aroused and
submissive.  The other night I arrived home and found her laying
on the couch wearing a short satin robe.  As soon as I saw her I
developed an immediate erection, thus becoming a slave to her
desires.  She ordered me onto my hands and knees and commanded me
to crawl to her side.  She then raised her foot to my face and
said "Lick my foot slave!"  I happily licked her foot as she
rubbed it all over my face.  She then pushed my face away with
her foot and tossed a satin G-string at me saying, "Put on your
uniform, and go draw me a bath slave!"  I answered, "Yes Master."
And went to the bathroom to change into the G-string and prepare
her bath.
      As soon as I finished readying her bath she entered the
bathroom and told me to get on my hands and knees in the tub.  I
started to remove the G-string, but she told me to leave it on.
I got on my hands and knees and she removed her robe to reveal
her beautiful naked body.  She sat down in the tub in front of me
and said, "Stick your head under the water and eat my pussy
slave!"  I stuck my head down between her legs and started
lapping away.  When I came up for a breath, she would count to
three and then push my head back into her crotch.  When she tired
of this she had me wash her entire body.  When I finished, she
stepped out of the tub, dried herself off, and threw me the wet
towel to dry off with.  "I know you love to wear that G-string."
She said.  "So just keep it on slave, and go into the bedroom
when you're done drying off."
      I finished drying, except for the soggy G-string, and went
into the bedroom.  My raging hard-on was sticking out the top of
the pouch on the G-string.  She walked into the bedroom a few
minutes later wearing a red satin camisole, garter belt, nylons
and black patent leather pumps.  She came over to the edge of the
bed where I was sitting, grabbed my balls through the pouch, and
told me to open my mouth.  She then stuffed my mouth with a couple
pairs of her panties and tied a scarf around my head to form a
gag. She then found a thick rubber band and doubled it, and slipped
it over my balls- the pain was excrusating. Now she bound my
wrists behind my back and tied my ankles together to insure I was
fairly immobile.  My balls really began to hurt. As she finished
tying me up I wondered what she had in store for me this evening.
She usually didn't tie me up, since I'm always very cooperative.
      "Get up, slave!"  She ordered.  I stood up unsteadily and
she pushed me toward the closet.  We have a walk-in closet in our
bedroom with a mirror on the door.  I hobbled toward the closet
as quickly as the bonds on my ankles would permit.  She opened
the door and inside was a chair which she motioned for me to sit
in.  Once I was seated, she securely tied me to the chair with
rope.  She reached down and seized my rock-hard cock in her hand
and said, "Don't make a sound until I return.  Do you understand?"
I nodded my head.  She walked out of the closet and closed the
door behind her.  I was left sitting in the darkness of the closet
with a raging hard-on, not knowing what was next.
      I sat in darkness for at least a half-hour before I heard
anything outside the closet.  I heard the bedroom light switch
click and when the lights in the bedroom came on I was startled
by the fact that I could see into the bedroom from within the
closet.  My wife had installed a one-way mirror on the closet
door in place of the mirror that had been there.  I could see the
entire bed from where I was sitting and nobody could see me.  I
about died when my wife entered the bedroom followed by a young
man I had never seen before.  She was still wearing the lingerie
she had on earlier, but he was completely naked.  He looked to be
in his early twenties and was probably a local college student.
He had his hands all over her as he followed her onto the bed.
      Soon this guy was banging my wife from behind with a
vengeance as they moaned in ecstasy.  I thought I would be
jealous, but instead I was extremely turned on.  The more my wife
enjoyed it, the more arousing it was for me.  My cock was so hard
it hurt.  They paused briefly to change to the missionary
position and I heard my wife say, "You'd better hurry because my
husband will be home soon."  This guy didn't need any more
encouragement.  He started pumping like you wouldn't believe.  My
wife started moaning and trembling in orgasm as he continued
pumping.  She then reached around his ass and tickled his balls
with her fingernails.  That was all it took for him, as he pumped
a load of come into my wife's pussy.
      As soon as his convulsions ceased, my wife told him that her
husband would be home any minute and that he had better go.  He
quickly thanked her and left the bedroom to collect his clothes
and leave.  My wife remained on the bed with her legs spread,
pointed her glistening cunt in my direction.  My cock was so hard
now that it felt like I was sitting on a steel pipe.  My wife
rose when she knew her visitor had departed and walked over to
the closet.  She opened the door and I thought I would soon be
released from my bonds, But I was wrong.
      She looked down at my raging hard-on with a smile and said,
"It looks like you enjoyed the show."  I nodded in approval.  She
smiled a wicked smile as she untied me from the chair and removed
the gag.  "The fun's not over yet little slave."  She said.  "Now
go get on your knees at the edge of the bed."  I hobbled, as
before, over to the edge of the bed, not knowing what could
possibly be in store for me now.  When I got into position she
walked over and sat on the edge of the bed in front of me.  She
then opened her legs and stuck her finger into her still sopping
cunt.  She then grabbed my balls with her other hand, eased her
gooey finger out, and held it up to my mouth.  "Lick it slave!"
she commanded.   I licked her finger like a lollipop until it was
clean.
      I could taste the cum of the young stud that had just
serviced her, mixed with her own sexual secretions.  She giggled
as she offered me another gooey finger to lick clean and said.
"We've got to make sure we get every last drop, huh?"  I nodded,
and continued to lick and suck her finger.  When she finished
feeding me she looked down at my crotch and said, "I'll bet you'd
like to relive some pressure."  "Yes."  I gasped, as it was all I
could do to keep from cumming at this point.  She just giggled and
said, "Well, I don't want you to make a mess all over so just
wait here a minute."
      She then left the room and quickly returned with a box of
plastic wrap.  She sat back down in front of me and unraveled a
couple feet of the plastic wrap.  "This ought to do," she said,
as she tore the wrap from the box.  She then carefully wrapped
and sealed my engorged cock in plastic wrap, forming a reservoir
at the top.  "Now you won't make a mess!"  She said giggling.
She then spread some K-Y jelly all over the plastic wrap and
began firmly and stongly jagging my cock off. She kept pumping
my cock harder and harder until I couldn't take it any more as
she spurted every last drop of cum out of me.
      I watched as I quickly swelled the reservoir at the tip of my
cock. The last damn thing she did was to pull off that rubber band
still tightly wrapped around my balls. As she did so, it gave off
a little twang and one more cum shot dripped out.
      I was now completely exhausted!

--
