-                      FiRST WEEKEND:
-                          by
-                        Essen M
-
-
    Well it all started over a simple mistake that i should
have known better then to make.  But as it turned out i was
more interested in myself then what would happen because of
it.  And i soon learned the errors of my ways.
-
    The work week ended early Friday so i was about to get
home a few hours before i normally did.  i had not planned on
getting off work early, but since i did it seemed to make
every thing start that much sooner and would also make it
last that much longer.  That was the only thing that seemed
to be out of place - a longer then normal work break.
-
    As i walked through the door i was immediately asked what
i was doing home?  i explained that i was finished for the
week and the rest of it was for myself.  The house guest
that lives with me snapped and said "not so fast".  Your
MASTER called and gave me some very specific instructions for
you when you arrived.  i was told that you were not due
until around five, but since you're here we might as well get
started.
-
    As you see i am a submissive and have a part time
MASTER, but now with a full time assistant.  So even though
i was some what surprised, i still went ahead and ask what
she wanted.  She asked what if any plans i had for the
weekend, i told her of a planned meeting and coffee for
Saturday.  She asked if i could cancel it, and i said that i
thought that i could.  So i was told to do just that!  After
clearing my schedule of every thing until Monday i was
ordered to strip down.  i started to leave and go to my room
and take every thing off as i normally did after work.  But
as i attempted to leave she snapped again and asked "where
do you think you're going?"  i said "to my room to change!"  
"Not so fast; i want you to strip right here, and then i will
decide if you can leave."  So i did!
-
    Once i was out of my clothes she told me to spread my
feet apart and raise my arms as she wanted to look me over.
So, as expected, i did just what she commanded.  It was
obivious now that she was intending to be in full charge of
at least the rest of the day, and i had better get use to
it.
-
    When she had finished looking me over to her
satisfaction, she asked when i last ate?  i told her at
dinner, and she just said "fine".  She told me to stand
where i was as she left down the hall.  She came back with
my good old red water bottle and all the little things that
went with it.  She handed them to me and told me to go and
get my self cleaned out, good and clean.  When i was finished
i was i was to call her and have her come and check.
Well this took about an hour as i had done it many times
before, so i was getting rather good at it.  Once i had felt
that i was finished i leaned out the door of the bathroom
and called for her.  She entered the bathroom and asked
where my last discharge was?  i said that i had flushed it
after i finished!  She snapped how in the hell do you
expect me to know if your finished when you didn't leave me
any thing to look at?  i said that i assumed that she would
take my word for it as i had done it so many times before.  Well
she snapped again and told me that SHE was not taking any
thing for granted.  Then she told me to fill the bag and
fill my self up, and hold it until she returned.  i did just
that and sat and waited and waited.  When she arrived she
told me to stand, and as i did, i realized just how long i
had been holding the enema.  As i got up the cramps hit me
and i just about doubled over with stomach pains.  But i did
stand as straight as i could.  She said that i had better
stand up straight or i would hold the water until Christmas.
it was a real strain, but I managed to stand up straight
enough so that she was satisfied.  She then told me to sit
and let it out, and do not flush it away or we would do it
again.
-
    As i sat down it just seemed to come out and i could do
nothing to either hold it back or slow it down.  But damn it
felt so good to get that pressure out of me!  Once i was
about finished she told me to stand and let her look, i did.
 She smiled and said that i was right i was good and giving
my self a good cleaning, and to finish letting the rest out.
 Then i was to take a warm shower and come back into the
living room for further instructions.
-
    It took about fifteen or twenty minutes for me to finish
with what she wanted done, and to dry off.  As i walked down
the hall i could see her sitting in a chair reading some
thing on a piece of paper.  When i entered the room i walked
over to where she was, and stood in front of her (i assumed
that this is what she wanted).  She ordered me to kneel in
front of her, and every time from now on when i was naked i
would kneel in front of her unless i was told different.  At
this point i had a stunned look on my face, but i did just as
she commanded.  Once i was on my knees and looking up at her
she told me to put my hands together behind my back and just
stay there.  i did it and didn't move until she finished
reading what ever it was that she was reading.
-
    When she was finished she told me to go and get my waste
belt and leather cuffs.  i got up and proceed to the den
where they were kept.  At this point i started to wonder
what was on that paper since i didn't know that she even knew 
about any of the leather items that were in the house.  As you 
will see, at this point, she had only been living with me for 
just under a week, and there were NO signs of her having looked 
around. When i returned with what she had requested i handed 
them to her.  She looked them over for a minute, as if trying 
to figure out just how they worked, but i think she was a fast
learner.  She told me to turn around and after i did she
placed the belt around my waist and buckled it tight behind
my back.  Then she had me turn back around and put a padded
cuff on each wrist.  She looked for the short leather straps
that i had brought with it, and when she found them she
finished fastening the cuffs to the belt.  There i was naked
and in a waist belt so that i could not use my hands or arms
at all.
-
    She then ordered me to take her to where the rest of the
leather gear was at.  Once we were in the den i told her
where to look as i was not in any position to point.  She
went over to the chest and opened it.  As she looked inside
she got this smile on her face just about the time she said
"wow what a selection".  She reached into the chest and came
out with a set of leg shackles and held them up in front of
her.  She asked where the key was, and i told her that
MASTER had it.  She asked if there was an extra key?  i said
yes but that i didn't know where it was. i said that it was
in the house some place though.  Then she said that this was
what she was looking for and walked over toward me.  She
knelt down and commenced to put the shackles on me.  As she
was fastening the last one on i asked her what she was
intending to do.  She snapped at me saying that i was not
to talk unless i was asked a question or told to.  So i
didn't get my answer, but i did get told my place.  At this
point i was in NO position to argue with her for what ever
reason, and i didn't intend to, either.
-
    She walked back into the living room and told me to
follow her.  As she sat back down in the easy chair she
called me over, and when i was in front of her, i just stood
there.  She reached out and shoved me back a little and
stood up with a funny look on her face.  "What did i tell you?"
she snapped as she looked into my eyes?  i said that i didn't
remember, and she then repeated her instructions.  "i told
you that when you were in front of me you would kneel, didn't
I?"
-
  i answered "YES!"
-
  "So why didn't you kneel?"
-
  i answered "i forgot"!
-
  She snapped "i FORGOT what?"
-
    i just stood there not knowing what to say next, so i
figured that i would not say any thing.  That is when she
snapped again:
-
  "FORGOT what?"
-
    i still didn't say any thing - but she came back with
the answer.  From now on when i addressed her i would refer
to her as MISTRESS, and if i didn't i would surely regret
it.
-
    Well, now, i understood what was happening and i kind of
had a good idea of what was going to happen.  You see, in
the past, my MASTER was not able to spend that much time with
me and therefore i was not totally under HIS control.  But
as it now appeared HE had acquired an ASSISTANT that was
going to handle and control me while HE was away.  This idea
i was not overly fond of, but under the present conditions
what choice did i have?
-
    SHE sat back down and told me to come to HER.  When
i was in front of HER i immediately got down on my knees and
looked up at HER, waiting for HER next command.  SHE just sat
back and didn't say a word, until SHE told me to go and get
HER a soda from the refrigator.  i got up and went to the
kitchen to get HER one. Needless to say, it was not easy.
But i managed to get it and brought it to HER, unopened.
SHE looked at me and snapped, "what am i going to do with
this?"  i didn't answer, i just stood there.  SHE handed it
back to me and told me to open it!  As i was holding it in
my hand, all that i could think about was HOW.  i asked HER
if i could speak, and SHE granted me permission.  At that
point i told HER that i didn't think that i could open it
for HER in my present condition, and SHE replied that i had
better find a way - QUICK.
-
    i started thinking as fast as i could and the only way
that i could come up with was to put it between my legs and
hold it while i used one hand to open it.  So as i placed it
between my legs, (boy it was cold), i sqeezed my legs closed
and pulled one hand around and unscrewed the cap.  After i
had the cap off i grabbed the bottle and stood back up
handing it to HER.  SHE was still sitting and commenced to
take a few sips from it.  The SHE reached out and handed it
back to me.  SHE told me to put the caps back on it and put
it back in the refrigator until later.
-
    This i knew was not going to be easy.  i first had to
pick up the cap and hold it while i placed the bottle back
between my legs.  i was able to do that and i was able to
get the cap started, finally.  Once i had the bottle closed
and started to go put it away, SHE called me.  SHE said that
she wanted one more drink before i put it up.  So i had to
do every thing over again and hand it to HER, open.  It must
have took thirty minutes for HER to just get three or four
drinks out of it, but what did SHE care?
-
    It was now late in the afternoon and SHE had been some
what easy on me since the soda routine.  But now it was time
for supper and SHE went and fixed HER a sandwich.  At the
same time SHE fixed me a bowl of chichen soup and set it on
the floor.  i looked at HER and wondered what was next?  SHE
instructed me to come over to HER and eat my supper.  i knew
better to ask how, so i just got down on my knees again and
did the best that i could to get the soup out of the bowl.
i was kind of hungry so i got as much as i could before SHE
picked it up.  SHE looked over at me and said in a sarcastic
voice - "we don't want you to get to full now do we?"  i
didn't know what SHE meant, but my mind was running guess
after guess, and none of them i liked.
-
    SHE went back into the living room and sat back down it
what appeared now to be HER favorite chair.  SHE called for
me as i expected, and i came and assumed the proper
position.  SHE looked down at me and said that we were going
to wait now until my MASTER arrived.  SHE said that he was
due around seven and had several surprises for me.
-
To Be Continued ->                                                                     