My Weekend Training - Part/7
   by:  Essen M.
-
-   The weekend ended as you know by now, but the amount of
aggravation has not.  After all that I was force to endure I
still have so many little every day things to deal with.
Things like a new way to enter the house, and a new dress
code while I am at the house.  There are some others also,
but they just seem to fit with the rest.  I will try and
describe them to you as time goes on in the best way that i
can.
-
-   Well the biggest change around here is that after work I
no longer just come home and flop down to relax.  I have to
have my daily inspection by Linda, and I mean inspection. As
I walk in I check to see if there is any guest that I was
not informed of, and if not I go to my room and strip down
to my panties.  After that I return and if Linda is not in
sight I find her (no matter where she is).  If she is not in
the house with the weather so warm, it's a fair bet she is
out in the yard.  So I just take my self out there and when
I am with her I now have to kneel in front of her with my
hands behind my back.
-
-   At this point she can either tell me to go about my
business or give me some special instructions.  It depends
on the kind of day that she had whether or not I will have
special instructions.  And believe me they are usually
special as they are never the same from day to day.
-
-   Most of the time they are simple - like stand up turn
around, bend over and so forth.  Just little things to
aggravate me as much as she sees fit.  But there are those
days when she has had some kind of aggravation her self and
wants to relieve her tension on me.  I guess I don't
mind, but what difference would it make if I did?  I just
hate the days that she had a bad afternoon at the soap
operas or what ever as she wants to get even with a TV
character and sense she can't I will make do.  And I usually
do!
-
-   The easiest thing that I have to do is take off my
panties and go stand in the middle of the yard until dinner.
 Usually with my legs apart, but not that far!  Or she will
want me to make it with her for a little bit before she
finishes dinner, and I have come to enjoy that now.  BUT if
she is really ticked at some thing she will want to spank me
or tie me to a tree or post or some thing in that order. She
even has me get my leather cuffs and wear them until it is
time to go to bed, usually several hours.  Of course she
wont let me dress during this time.
-
-   There are those days how ever that she either had a bad
day her self or she has been told to do some thing special.
Those are the days that I would rather work late, like all
night if I could get away with it.  They are just about
always on Friday, and that is the day that I usually get off
early.  I mean she will have those days planned down to the
smallest detail, and that is for sure.  She will have them
planned to the point that whatever she plans on doing and
what she needs to do it are all laid  out so I can know what
is coming.  So when I get to my room if it is a special day
I usually see the first signs of it then.
-
-   So I guess I will do my best to describe one of those
days.  It is a Friday about 3pm when I arrive home!
-
-   I drove in the drive as I always did, and picked up my
daily notes to take in and look over when I had the chance.
As I came through the door I first noticed that the two
hanging plants were not in there usual place in the arch way
between the living room and den.  I didn't think that much
of it as I guess I was hoping Linda had taken them out in
the yard for some sun.  So I went to my room to get
undressed as I always did every day.  That is when I knew
that she was a bit ticked at some thing, and I had better
watch my step.  On my bed was just white tip from a feminine
syringe and I knew what that ment.  After I completely
stripped down I went right to the bathroom where I found the
old red bag with a note on it.  The note just said (take
two) and that to was self explanatory.  So I did just as the
note said and took two good cleaning ones.  That took about
thirty-five to forty-five minutes.  When I had finished
cleaning out and cleaning up I went to find Linda.  She was
in the back yard laying back in one of the lounge chairs
eating cookies.  So I went and assumed my normal position in
front of her, and waited for instructions.
-
-   She then asked me if I had taken care of every thing to
this point, and I proceeded to tell her what I found and had
done.  She then told me to go over to the picnic table and
bring her the box that was on it, and I did.  Once I was
holding it in front of her she had me set it down and open
it.  After I did I saw that inside was my waist belt and
cuffs along with a short pair of ankle shackles.  I then
looked at her wondering what came next.  She told me to put
on the shackles, and I did.  To me that is a funny feeling
having to put some thing like that on knowing your making
your self just about helpless.  Then she told me to put on
my waist belt and as I did she came closer to me so that she
could adjust it and snap the buckle lock.  After that the
rest was self evident.  She fastened my cuffs to the belt,
and had me sit kneel down in front of her again.  After I
did she informed me that we were having company and I was to
serve them what ever they needed.  She didn't tell me who
was coming over, just that we were having company.  Being in
this position I sure hoped that it was not somebody new,
and that was for sure.
-
-   Until the company came I had to get adjusted to the
short chain between my ankles.  So Linda had me get her
several drinks and other items from the house.  At first it
was hard to walk in them, but after I learned to adjust my
step length it became easier.  Not a lot, but easier!  So
now I guess that it was just wait and see who arrived.
-
-   After a short time the chime went off indicating that
some one had passed the outer gate.  Linda got up to see who
it was and then came and sat back down.  She then instructed
me to answer the door when they came up, and I started in
that direction.  As I approached the door I could hear them
on the other side.  I leaned side ways so that I could turn
the knob, and opened it.  When I got it open I saw that it
was Barbara and some guy that I had NO IDEA who he was. When
he saw me he stepped back and it appeared that his lower lip
dropped a bit.  Well if you saw some like me standing in the
manner I was you would be stunned too.  Once he was able to
speak again the first thing he said was "Barb, you're right!
This IS going to be interesting!", and left it at that.  So
the only thing that did for me was make me wonder that much
more what was going to happen.
-
-   As he and Barb came in I closed the door behind them,
and followed them to the patio.  Linda asked them what they
were drinking, as any polite hostess would do.  They named
their drinks and I was sent off to both make them and serve
them.  Which was NO EASY task at the present time.  But I
did manage to get them their drinks!  After a few minutes it
was another round, and then another.  It was getting late
now as the sun was starting to set, and nothing had really
happened yet.  As of this point I realized that I had never
heard this man's name mentioned, and as usual I was curious.
But believe me I was not going to ask!
-
-   Linda stood up and said - OK I GUESS WE CAN GET STARTED
NOW.  That is when this man asked if he could look me over
before things got going, and Linda told him sure.  So he
called me over to him, and I stood in front of him.  He told
me to turn around and bend over, I did.  That is when he
took at least two fingers and jammed them right up inside
me.  I stood up and let out some sort of sound along with a
YOU S.O.B. at the same time.  At that point I just knew that
I had really screwed up, and sure enough I did.  Linda came
over and slapped me accross the face as hard as she could,
telling me that I was not to insult her guests.  I just knew
my face was RED as it stung like hell.  The man got up and
told Linda that it was not correct to get physical, at least
not so it showed.  He told Linda that since it was he who
was insulted - could he have her permission to regain his
pride?  She looked at Barb and then back at him!  She then
said:  MOST CERTAINLY - TAKE HER AND RECOVER YOUR FEELING IN
WHAT EVER MANNER YOU CARE TO.  That is when he asked Barb to
show him around and to let him see what he had to work with.
-
-   I guess it was five or ten minutes before they finished
doing their looking, but as far as I was concerned it was
not long enough.  This man came back with a hand full of
different things, and I knew just who they were for.  I was
told to assume a kneeling position in the middle of the
floor, and I did.  He then asked Barb to come over and he
handed her several items.  I found out that they were two
hoops for my pierced ears and two mini-bar bells for my
nipples.  He asked Barb if she would put them in their
proper places, and she did.  I was glad that it was her as
putting some thing in a pierced nipple is not easy, and
should never be done by some one that does not know how.
Well once the four items were in place he had me stand.  I
assumed that he was just going to suspend me or some thing
routine like that.  NO, THIS GUY WAS MORE IMAGINATIVE!
-
-   He took some small loop chain and had me bend my head so
that he could put one chain between my left ear and left
nipple, and the same on the other side.  Now my head was
bent and I could not, nor did I dare, try to raise it.  Well
being that I could now see the floor real well I saw him
coming and he had a spreader bar with him.  He knelt down
and removed the shackles that I was wearing and replaced
them with the spreader bar.  At this time he pushed my legs
some what farther apart, but no so that I was off balance.
He then edged me over to the opening between the living room
and the den.  Once we were about center in the opening he
took my arms loose from my waste belt and fastened the cuffs
together behind my back, and removed the belt.  I heard him
reach for some thing and could feel him working behind me.
That is when I felt a rope or some thing on that order being
fastened to the hook that held my cuffs together.  Once that
was completed he pulled on what ever it was and my arms were
pulled up in the air.  Again I was not really off balance
more just out of balance.  So that is when he knelt down
again and separated my legs wide apart this time.  NOW I WAS
OFF BALANCE!  He then went back behind me and raised my arms
so that I was suspended by them and stretched tight.

    There I was:  My legs were apart and my head bent and
now my arms pulled up behind me.  I was breathing slow at
this point as I was hurting like hell, and wanted nothing
but down.
-
-   I heard him walk away from me and I assumed he went and
sat back down.  I could hear the conversation going on and
that is when I heard him say that he would leave me like
this for a half hour or so to soften me up some.  Well the
time passed, but it seemed like a lot more then a half hour.
I heard him walking again and then I could see his shoes
next to me.  He reached down and grabbed me between the legs
saying (you don't mind this now - do you?)  I replied "NO
SIR", and didn't say any more.  About then he walked away
again and came right back in front of me.  He had a bar gag
in his hand and ordered me to open my mouth.  I did with out
hesitation, and he placed the gag in place.  At this point
he was talking to me some, and I was listening very close.
He told me that the reason he placed the gag in my mouth was
that he didn't want to bother the neighbors.  What neighbors
I thought, the closest ones are a half mile or better away.
At this point I just knew I would not like what was coming,
and I really believed that.
-
-   He then went back behind me again and lifted my arms
even more to the point that I though that I was going to
faint.  Once they were where he wanted them he stepped back
to admire his handy work - I guess.  The next thing I knew I
felt a belt or some thing strike me accross the ASS.  The
pain was intense and stinging.  The second and third blow
came one right after the other.  Then there was a short
period before more came.  It didn't take many before I was
trying to scream and cry and move around.  But being in the
suspended position I was it hurt even more to do that.  AND
HE KNEW IT:
-
-   He whipped me several more times before going over and
sitting back down.  I could hear him telling Linda and Barb
that he wanted to whip me at least once more then leave me
to think about what i said.  Believe me I was already
thinking about what i said, and more time was not needed.
But TRUE to his word he came back and whipped me several
more times.  By now I was almost to the point that I didn't
feel a thing, and I think he knew it.  So after he finished
whipping me he jerked on my arms one more time and put me in
even more strain and pain.
-
-   He then walked over to Linda and Barb and said the time
was late  and he needed to go.  He asked if Barb could drive
him to his car, and she agreed.  He then asked Linda if she
would be kind enough to let me down at her convince, and she
agreed.  So the next thing I heard was the front door
opening and closing and a car leaving.  Yet I was still the
same way I was and now had to depend on Linda for any
relief.
-
-   She walked over to me and told me that since I looked so
comfortable that she would leave me until it was time to go
to bed.  GOD that was over an hour from now!  She did just
as she said, and when it was time to get some sleep she let
me down and I went to my room.  It took me a good while to
get to sleep as I needed to let my body come back to normal.
 But I did get some sleep that night and even though I was
sore the next day I never let on.  I had hoped that Linda
would never ask him back again, and if she did I was out of
town.  I really wanted to believe that Linda didn't learn
any thing from him and do what he did to me again her self.
To this day I still hope that...........
-
    My life has a new meaning and it should be obvious.                                                                                                      