My Weekend Training - Part/4
-   by:  Essen M
-
-
-   It appeared that I was really into some thing now and
there was not too damn much I could do about it until the
powers to be were ready to stop.  So as I adjusted my mind
and thoughts to accept the fates that were to follow, and to
not let my self think ahead.  I was now kind of resolved to
the fact that as long as I didn't let it get to me it
wouldn't.  BUT you can just bet that the best layed plans
were going to come to a screeching halt as the day went on.
-
-   Linda was now acting like a little kid with a new toy,
and that toy was me.  She would just wait long enough before
clamping the tube and hooking up the line from the pump.
Then it was fill again.  As she watched the bottle getting
empty she was also watching me get full.  I knew by the way
that I felt that my stomach was expanding every time, and
that was what she was watching.  About an hour and a half
had passed now and I could sense that she was getting tired
of just putting in and letting out.  So when she asked
MASTER if there was any thing else that he wanted her to do
I got concerned again.  MASTER looked at her with what
appeared to be an open mind and asked what she thought.
Well she replied - I was looking at some of the tapes you
let me watch and I was wondering (she hesitated), what about
the one where (you know) upside down?  MASTER just sat there
for a second or two and said that might be just the thing.
But we need a few things first!  So you just keep her busy
here and let me run to town and get a few things.
-
-   Well I heard the door close and MASTERS truck start.  I
didn't know what he ment by town, but either way he would be
gone for at least a half an hour as I lived several miles
from the closest store.  It turned out that it was more like
fourth five minutes before he returned, and came back to the
back yard.  He didn't have any thing with him so I didn't
know if he bought any thing or not.  He called Linda off to
the side where I could only see them as he wispered to her
about what ever.  The next thing I knew was that Linda came
over to me and clamped the tube closed and started to let me
empty out.  While this was taking place she walked out to
the front with MASTER and I guess looked over what he had
purchased.  As I said at this point I didn't have any idea
what it might be, but I was glad to have the chance to let
all the water in me out.  And believe me I took full
advantage of the period to!
-
-   A few minutes later Linda came back by her self with a
ball gag and a pillow case.  I knew what the ball gag was
for, but the pillow case?  She told me to open up and she
slipped the ball in and fastened it behind my head.  Then
she slipped the pillow case over my head and I could feel
her starting to let me lose.  As she let each arm down she
fastened it to my waste belt.  As of this time that was the
only thing that had never been removed, just kind of shifted
around.  So before long both my arms were attached again and
I was sitting on the ground waiting for her to let my legs
lose.  Well she did!  I could not see so she had to help me
up and then she lead me to one of the room in the house, and
I could hear her close the door.  After she left I kind of
felt my way around to the point that I new I was in the
master bedroom.  So I half stepped to the bed and decided to
just lay down and relay for the first time in almost two
days.  The only bad part it was not long enough before she
came back and got me.
-
-   She lead me back out side because I still had the pillow
case on over my head.  I seemed to sense that we were back
over by the pipes again, but not for sure.  Next I was told
to get down on my knees and after I did she unfastened one
arm at a time and refastened them where my legs were
fastened before.  Next I could feel both her and MASTER pick
me up and turned me over as they laid me back.  That is when
I heard a strange sound that I didn't know.  It sounded like
metal to metal, but it took a few more minutes before I knew
for sure.  Not until I felt my heavy cuffs being put on my
ankles and then some thing being hooked to them.  I was
still loose, but I knew that some thing was fastened to each
leg.  Then I was getting the idea as I heard that metal
sound again and began to feel my legs being lifted up.  I
could hear the sound and it seemed to go in conjuction with
the fact that my legs were going up.  Soon I was almost
upside down and the pillow case fell off my head by its
self.  At this point my arms were still loose, but my legs
were now in the air being pulled toward the top of the pipe
on each side.
-
-   My head was facing the chairs where MASTER went and was
now sitting and I turned my head and saw that Linda was
standing next to one of the pipes.  On that pipe was a new
thing that looked like what some of the boat trailers had to
pull the boat on up on it.  I turned my head and looked over
at the other pipe, and saw the same thing there.  I noticed
Linda's hand reach for the handle and then started to turn
it.  As she did I felt that leg being raised up higher and
higher.  Then she went to the other side and brought that
leg up where the other one was and a little bit higher.  She
did this several times until I was high enough so that my
arms were no longer bent at the elbows.  I was now suspended
by my ankles, but she was not satisfied yet.  She looked
over toward MASTER and asked him what he thought - That is
when he told her that she was doing it and he was there just
to watch.
-
-   Damn I didn't like the sound of that, but here again
what was I going to do?  So she went to the other side again
and lifed me until both my arm and leg were tight on that
side. The she did the same thing to the other side.  The
next thing she did was come around to the front of me and
ask with a smart remark - (are you comfortable)?  What a
dumb question!  NO I WASN'T COMFORTABLE!!
-
-   Well I was still wearing my gag so I was not able to
talk to her to even ask what what she planned.  She went
around behind me and I could feel her holding the end of the
tube.  I could tell that she hooked it together with the one
from the pump as it felt heaver when she let it hang.  After
she stepped back and admired her work she went over where
MASTER was still sitting.  She reached down and picked up
the button and sat down beside him.  The next thing I knew
the pump had started and a second or two later I felt the
first of the water running into me.  I could see the bottle
with the water in it, so this time I could tell how much was
going in.  I saw her pass the first quart, but for some
reason it felt like three.  I guess that it was because I
was in this upside down position.  As the water kept comming
I was starting to hurt more and more.  Before long I started
making moaning sounds and then as she just kept the water
running I really started to get loud.  All that was coming
out of my mouth was muffled, but she had to know that I was
in real pain.  But she never stopped the water she just
slowed it down and kept it coming.  Well finally I was both
trying to scream and crying at the same time, and then she
stopped.  She walked over to me and leaned over to looked me
in the face.  She said at that point that I had better learn
to like this as this was just the first of many that was
going to come in the next twenty four hour.  As I belong to
her now and from now on I always would.
-
 -   Well she just left me hang there for the longest time.
Then she asked MASTER to come over and look at some thing.
She noticed that I was able to push some of the water out of
me past the bardex.  She asked him if she could add more air
or was there some thing else that could be used to make me
hold it.  MASTER told her that he would be right back, and
he went into the house.  He came right back out and had the
double bardex that we had.  That had only been used on me
about twice, but I knew that it really hurt and there was no
chance of me pushing past it.  He told Linda to let some of
the water out and then let me down so that he could show her
how to use this new nozzel.
-
-   Well she went through the same procedure as before by
clamping off the tube and changing bottles.  Boy let me tell
you that when she started the water coming back out I just
about fainted it felt so good.  Not all the water could or
did come out in this position, but enough did so that I
didn't hurt as bad.  Both her and MASTER let me down
together and laied me out on the ground.  At that point I
was able to get most of the water to come out with just a
little pushing.  MASTER came behind me and let the air out
of the bardex and that ever felt great.  You really don't
know what kind of pressure is felt unless you have one up
inside you.  And it is hard to explain no matter how hard I
try.  But that is not to say that I didn't enjoy it!
-
-   MASTER told Linda to let my hand lose and to get me up
and walk me around the yard a bit.  She did and I knew that
I needed to move some also.  So I took full advantage of the
chance to get some exercise. She let me walk on my own while
they were both playing with the new nozzel.  MASTER again
was showing her the finer points of it and telling her how
to use it as compaired to the single.  As you see with one
bulb inside and one just on the outside, between the two of
them the really cause a complete seal.  So when Linda felt
that she was clear as to what to do, she stated that to
MASTER.  That is when MASTER told her to go get me and get
me up on the table.  She didn't come for me but I saw her
motion for me to return, and I did.
-
-   When I was over with them Linda told me to get up on the
picnic table, and I climbed up on it.  MASTER told me to lay
face down and to spread my legs.  I did but I guess it was
not wide enough as he (snaped) and told me wider or he would
tie them apart.  I then spread them so that my knees were
touching each side of the table.  They were far enough apart
that my ass was lifted some off the table and both my cheeks
were wide apart.  MASTER looked at me and told me to stay
that way until he said to move.
-
-   OK - Linda go and put it in just like you did the other,
and remember what I told you.  She took a few steps and was
directly behind me with the KY jelly in one hand and the
bardex in the other.  She must have dabbed a little on the
tip as I felt the oily feeling as it started in.  The double
bardex goes in just a little bit farther then the single and
the inner bulb is inflated first.  As she pumped the inner
bulb up I could feel in getting tighter and tighter.  Then I
let out the short sigh that she was waiting for and she
stopped.  The next thing I felt was the outer bulb being
inflated as it rubed just a bit as it got larger.  Not so
that it hurt, but enought to know that it was getting
bigger.  That is when I felt the pulling feeling of the two
bulbs trying to come together.  I let out a louder sigh when
I had enough, and she then felt that they were right.  But
she asked MASTER to come over and check her work, and he
did.  He reached down and tugged on it and told her that it
was just the way that it should be.
-
-   The double bardex that was now in me has a larger fill
tube then the single.  So that just ment that I could not
only be filled faster but more pressure would come off when
it was opened.
-
-   I had already had more enemas today then most people get
in a year, and I was really getting tender in the stomach.
MASTER asked Linda how much she had been able to get in me
already, and she replied just under three quarts.  So MASTER
told her get me off the table and to fasten my legs to the
pipes and to put my arms back on my waste belt.  She did
with some haste!  The he instructed her to get the sun
shower bag that he had for camping and to put three quarts
and one cup of water in it.  Once she had done that he took
it and hung it to the top of the pipe.  During this time she
fastened the tubes together and I assumed that I was ready
for what ever was next.  I was!
-
-   MASTER went back over to his chair where he had a good
view of me, and told Linda to just open the bag and come sit
down.  Before she did she asked what would happen, and he
just replied that I was going to put on a show for them.
-
-   She did just as he said and before, she was to her chair
a lot of the water had already run in me.  As she sat down
and was watching me the water was really running in.  I
started to move as MASTER knew I would trying to get
comfortable as the water really caused me to hurt and
expand.  Before long I was pulling at my legs and rolling
from side to side as best I could to do any thing to stop it
from either coming in or hurting.  The bag was high enough
that it was all going to run in and I didn't know until then
that MASTER had put a one way valve in the line.  I could
not push out a drop of what was inside me.  By now the water
had all run out of the bag and I was moving in all kinds of
ways to do any thing to make it stop.  They both just sat
over there watching me, and I know they were laughing at me.
But what came next is what I really didn't like..
-
To be continued->
-
END - Part/4                                                                                                