My Weekend Training - Part/5
-   by:  Essen M
-
-
-   After laying there tossing and rolling for several
minutes I heard MASTER tell Linda to let it out and to leave
me open long enough for it all to run back into the now
emptied bottle.  She took her time coming over to me and I
really wanted her to hurry.  By by now Linda had really
taken on a new attitude where I was concerned.  She knew
that as the situation progressed that I really did belong to
her, and at the same time I did, too.
-
-   Well even after she was behind me and had the clamp on
the tube, it still seemed like she was taking her sweet old
time.  But at this point I didn't give a damn as she was at
the least doing some thing.  Again though I was really
getting the feeling that this was becoming old news, and she
wanted some more excitement.  As the water ran out of me I
was listening to her and MASTER talk and then I knew that it
was open season on me.
-
-   At this point MASTER asked if she had noticed that my
nipples were pierced?  She looked strange and said that NO
she never really looked.  Well MASTER told her to use them
if she could think of some thing to do.  I guess she was
thinking as she let me take all the time I needed to expell
the water until I felt that I was totally empty.  Before she
took out the bardex she did stand me up so that if there was
still any thing in me it would surely run out.  There was as
just a little more ran into the bottle.
-
-   Linda's curiousity was really up now as she asked MASTER
what I put in my nipples when I had some thing in them.
MASTER asked her what she meant?  She reiterated again and
asked what went through the holes in them?  MASTER then told
her that any thing that would fit, but mostly loops.  She
then asked where she could find a pair to put in my nipples?
At that point MASTER told her to go look in my room and see
if I didn't have something on my dresser that she felt
would suit her needs.  So off she went looking for what ever
she had on her mind, and returned with it.  She came over to
me and continued to take the bardex out of me.  Then she had
me stand in front of her while she looked at the way my
nipples were pierced.  Being another women she knew how to
place the hoops in the holes at the end of each nipple, and
sliped them shut.  Once they were both in she took her first
two fingers and pulled on them.  Needless to say it hurt and
they both stood out.  She then looked back over to MASTER
and asked him if he had ever used them before?  He told her
yes!  Well what way do they work best she asked?  He then
told her to go to his truck and get a small roll of line
twine of the dash board.  She took right off on an almost run
to get the twine.
-
-   Once she returned with it she realized that it was
really too long to do much with, and asked if she could cut
it.  He told her to use what she needed as he would buy
more.  She cut two pieces about six foot long each and tied
one in each nipple.  Then she rapped the other ends around
her hand and started to walk ahead of me.  As I slowed down
my nipples streched and I quickly caught up.  BUT at this
point she walked over to the pipes and tossed one string
over each.  She didn't like that idea, so before she did any
thing she tossed both strings over the same pipe.  Then she
pulled on them and noticed that I followed my tits up - to
the point of being on my tip toes.  She looked over at
MASTER and said that this was neat.  She talked out loud and
said that she wondered what it would be like if she tied my
tits up like this and took a belt to my ass?  That is when
MASTER got back into the conversation.
-
-   He said that would work, but if she really wanted to do
it right she needed a few things first.  Well that brought
Linda curiosity right to a peak, and I mean quick.  Linda
just had to ask what he ment at this point, and MASTER
commenced to tell her.  I really think he was getting more
out of this then Linda was!
-
-   He said FIRST "let her down so she can stand flat", and then,
"do you remember that bar in the corner of the den?".  Linda
said she thought so, and MASTER told her to get it.  Then he
told her that a belt would be fine if that is what she
wanted, but the riding crop over the mantle would be much
better.  Linda agreed!  So off she went again to find the
new items that she would use.
-
-   When she returned she asked MASTER what the bar was for
and also what a riding crop was.  MASTER then got up and
came over to us.  He told Linda to get the two straps that
she used to fasten my legs to the pipes.  She hussled right
over and picked them up and brought them back.  At this point
MASTER picked up the bar and took the straps and slipped them
through each end.  "NOW, watch this", he told Linda!  He
fastened one strap just above and around my right knee, and
did the same to the left.  At this point my legs were being
held open and I kind of looked like a funny A.  Then he
nugged me toward the pipe and told Linda to draw my tits up
now, and she did.  I was back on my tip toes again but this
time my ass was tight.  MASTER patted my ass, showing Linda
how this way it tightens me up.  She noticed and agreed!
NOW he told her to take the riding crop and use it across my
ass and the back of my thighs.  The first blow she let fly
stung like hell and I jerked until I realized that my
nipples stretched.  I didn't move at all or very little with
the second lick, or even the third.  At this point Linda
didn't see anything and asked MASTER what good this was
doing?  MASTER just told her to keep cropping me and watch.
He told her that before long I would almost try and pull my
nipples off trying to get away from the crop.  "OH REALLY?" -
Linda had to remark, "that should be interesting".
-
-   So Linda started hitting me on each cheek of my ass and
the top of both legs.  As MASTER had said nipples or no
nipples I started dancing around.  It didn't take long
before I was in tears and both my ass and tits hurt like
hell.  Linda knew in the back of her mind that I would not
allow any damage to come to my nipples, so she got even more
pleasure out of me trying to take the crop and protect my
nipples at the same time.  That is when she stopped for a
minute and walked to my side.  She took two fingers and
pinched one of my nipples and held on until I let out a loud
sigh.  MASTER told her that she had beat me enough, so just
tighten the twine on my nipples and leave me there for about
a half hour or so.  He said that the pain in my legs and ass
would not go away until the pressure was off my tits, and he
was right.  He knew that because he had done this to me him
self on one or more occasions.  So Linda went and got them
something cold and they watched me hang there.  The longer
I hung there I began to get tired and I would lessen my
lift.  Each time I did I pulled my nipples and the shock
brought me right back up.  Linda commented to MASTER that I
really went through hell like this, and in my mind, I agreed.
-
-    After Linda thought that I had - had enough she came
over and let me down enough so that at least my feet were on
the ground.  This in itself was a relief, but my ass still
stung like hell.  I knew though that it would better in a few
minutes now that I was at least flat footed.  I just wish
that it was sooner then later though.
-
-   At this point Linda was starting to get carried away
with new and different things to try.  She came up with this
hair brained idea of tying a kite to my nipples and having
me fly it.  When she said that I paniced as I knew that I
didn't want any part of such a dumb thing.  Well as the power
to be quickly said - NO - that is a bit too much.  Besides
the kite will catch a gust of wind and may cause permanent
damage before it could be caught.  I guess after thinking
about it she agreed.  I was sure glad, and besides in was
getting on in the day and I was getting tired.
-
-   MASTER told Linda that she needed to come up with my
sleeping arrangement pretty soon.  So Linda started looking
around the yard for some idea.  Well she didn't want the
same thing as last night, and she didn't want me to have a
break either.  So she came up with the method - and WOW what
a method.  She decided that I was going to sleep (if I
could) streached out on the picnic table.  And she commenced
to set things up for just that.
-
-   She asked MASTER to help her move the table between the
two pipes.  As they did she moved one of the pipes to a new
hole farther apart from the other one.  Then she came and
let me down and took the twine off my loops.  She told me
that I had a half hour before she was going to put me to
bed, and if I knew what was good for me I would use it.
Well she didn't have to say that as I fully intended to get
some movement and some limited exercise.  MASTER told her to
take the knee spreader out and to let me completely lose so
that I could use the bathroom and get some thing to eat and
drink.  She didn't seem pleased, but went ahead and did it.
I noticed the look on her face as she was releasing my arms
and new that she had a (get even) look.  So I really
intended to make the most of my limit release.
-
-   After the half hour was up she had me come over to the
table and get up on it.  She had already put the open
sleeping bag on it so at least I would not feel the wood.
Once I was on it she took my waste belt off for the first
time.  The she fastened my legs to the two cables that were
on thoes wenches. and fastened my arms to some thing under
the table with the chains.  The next thing she did was start
to pull my legs apart with the cranks.  She did a little on
each side as to keep my ass in the middle of the table.
When she stopped I was not all that tight, but I could not
move that much.  She looked over at MASTER to see if he had
any comment, and nothing was said.  So they both went inside
and that was how I expected to spend my second night.
-
-   NOT SO - It was more then an hour later and all the
lights were out in the house.  I figured that they both had
went to bed and planned on staying there.  Then I heard the
glass doors slid open and being that it was dark in the
house I could not tell who was comming out.  Well it turned
out that it was Linda and she came right over to me.  In her
hand she had a bar gag that she made me put in my mouth.
She put it so far back on my teeth that I could not close my
mouth at all, and she fastened it there.  Then she looked
down at me and said:  NOW I REALLY PUT YOU TO BED!  She went
over to one of the pipes and tightened my up more, almost to
the point I hurt.  Then she went to the other side and did
the same thing.  This time to the point that I felt like I
was going to tear apart.  GOD that was hurting, surely she
was not going to leave me like this.  NO she wasn't she had
another thing she had to do.  She walked back in the house
and came right back out.  This time she had a battery
powered vibrator, a big one.  She got at the end of the
table and pushed her finger inside my pussy.  She worked it
around enough that I started to get HOT.  As I did I was
also getting WET, and WETTER.  That is when she shoved and I
mean SHOVED that vibrator inside me until it almost
disapeared.  She fliped the switch and turned it on!  This
one not just vibrated but moved also, and it was doing what
it was designed for.  After she watched me pulling on the
cables and getting HOTTER and HOTTER she left.  She really
went back to bed and left me that way until the sun was
comming up.  By then the batteries had just about run down,
but you could tell just by looking what it had done.
-
-   I had - had so many orgasms that I was dripping wet and
the sleeping bag was wet - besides now I smelled.  I really
needed a douch bad.  Whe she came back to me and saw what
had happened - she just smiled.  She said that if she had
only known she would have done it sooner, and remarked that
she would do it again.
-
-   Well it was now Sunday morning and I knew I only had a
few hours left.  But after all that had already been done to
me, what more could be left.  ( I never should have thought
that)
-
To be continued->
-
END Part/5         