
                          My Weekend Training - Part/6

    It was hard to believe that Sunday had come around so soon, and then again
it seemed like it would never come.  As you see I knew Friday that some time
Sunday was going to be the end of this, and I would either be well trained or
in more serious trouble then before.  I hope that I will be considered WELL
TRAINED as I don't know if I could handle another 48 hours like this.  But
ONLY my MASTER can tell me the answer to that, and I feel sure that he will.

    Landa has came back out to me and released me from the strain that she
left me in.  I mean completely released me, but with a work of advise.  She
just suggested mind you that we keep what happened between us, and I agreed.
Linda up to now seemed to be a follower of direction as I, but after the
little extra.  I just don't know any more what she might do. How ever I have
to take in to consideration that she is a women and has to have some limits as
to what she will do.

    I am up now and have regained some of the use of my legs after having them
where they felt dead.  Boy I hate it when they wake up as it feels like a
million pins sticking all at the same time.  I walked over to Linda and asked
if I could talk to her, and she allowed me to.  I mentioned that so many
things had happened between us in the last day and a half, was there any thing
more that she was going to do? She said that today was not going to be too bad
unless I made it that way.  Well you just know by now that I have no intention
of doing that, and that is for sure.  So sense I didn't have another question
I went on with my business. That being getting some thing to eat as I felt
starved, and using the restroom with out being waited on.  My stomach was
grouling so bad that I had to put some thing in it even if it was water.  And
after a couple of BIG glasses I sure felt better.  But I still had to realize
that I was due for more of the past and I had better sike my self up to it.

    MASTER didn't get up until nine, and when he saw me walking around he
didn't say any thing.  I figure that he knew I would be loose when he awoke,
and had instructed Linda to let me loose.  Well that again told me some thing
about Linda, that being she still followed orders.  So I felt better thinking
that today was going to be much the same as the others, MASTER would be
incharge.

    It was about ten now and MASTER went into my den to make some phone calls.
I knew this as I heard him tell Linda that was what he was going to do.  So
now sense he was up I walked like a cat so as not to distrube him.  I felt
that when he came back amoung us that some thing would happen then, and sure
enough it did.

    MASTER told me to slip on a gown and one that was not too long.  I went to
my room and picked out one and came back wearing it.  It was one that came
between my hips and the back of my knees.  When MASTER saw it he jumped up and
yelled at me.  I told you not too long, can't you do any thing right yet.  So
before he could yell any more I went and pick out a black one that I had that
just came to the bottom of my hips.  It was sheer and you could see through it
like it was not even on.  I hurried back to him and let him look!  Now that is
what I intended and he didn't say another word.  I didn't know what he had on
his mind, but I new one thing for sure.  This gown I was wearing was OK if I
was standing stright, but if I bent in the slightest direction some thing
showed.  So I assumed that his plans had some thing to do with what I was
wearing.

    As time passed and it was now after noon I was thinking that my day was
over, and nothing more was going to take place.  WRONG!  About one I heard the
chimes in the hall go off telling me that some one has passes the electric eye
at the front gate.  Well a few seconds later the low buzzer went off and I
knew they were on the walk coming up to the door.  I waited to see who was
going to answer the door, as I didn't feel dressed for it.  That is where I
was wrong as MASTER told me to go and see who it was.  I didn't want to but I
did!  When I opened the door (just a crack) I recognized the couple that was
there and went ahead and invited them in.  MASTER was now just a few feet
behind me and he asked them if they brought what he suggested, they said YES.
About twenty or so minutes later the same thing happened, but this time I just
went to the door.  Again it was some one that we knew!  This happened three
more times and now there were five couples in the house, and I knew then that
MASTER was finished with me.  Surely he would not do any thing while all these
people were here, surely.

    The rest of the afternoon went perty well as I played waitress and Linda
played bartender.  MASTER just sat around making conversation with the men and
the women talked amount them selves.  How ever I should have been a bit more
observent, because if I was I would have know some thing was in the wind.  It
was now about six and the local news just went off.  MASTER never misses it
when he is home or here! So he stood up and said " Well now for the reason I
asked you here".  Essen has been a BAD girl and I have done what I could to
help make her better, and more responsive.  But I really have run out of
ideas.  So LADIES I invited you and your husband to come and bring the one
thing that you had at the your home (sex related) that you hated to have used
on you the most.  Did you all bring something?  The answer was a resounding
YES.  OK the this is how we will continue!

    Each of you in turn (in the order you arrived) will have the opportunity
to demonstrate the item here.  Essen will be the model and you will use it on
her in the mannor that it has been or has been suggested used on you.  I only
asked you to bring the item as I felt that if there was some other item or
items needed fro preparation, they would probably be here already.  Linda my
new assistant will lend what ever extra help you need while doing the
demonstration.  Now is that understood?  Again YES!

                                  COUPLE - ONE

    The first lady got up in front of the group and told every one that her
husband wanted to watch her use a dildo and mastrabate until she dripped.  She
thought the idea was discusing because she had never done it with any one
looking on.  She reached in her purse and came out with the larges dildo that
I had ever seen.  She attempted to hand it to MASTER for what ever reason, but
he told her that he was not the one going to use it.  So as I was in easy
reach she of course handed it to me.  MASTER then told me to move out in front
of every one and start doing my thing.

    I must have felt the same way as she did only five times worse.  I could
not seem to get started, and besides after last night I really thought that I
was cummed out.  But as you can guess MASTER insisted, and I opened my legs
and started to slip that hugh thing in me.  I was dry and it took a few
minutes to get it in, but once I did I went ahead and used it.  I keep looking
at every one watching me especially the women that was having me do this.  She
seemed to be the most interested in what the others were thinking as well as
how I looked while I was getting OFF.  It was about five minutes or so more
and I had my first orgams, but I could tell it was light.  I knew I had to
keep it up until some thing ran out of me, so I kept using the dildo harder
and harder.  On the third orgasm I finally was able to allow some to pass the
side of the dildo, and on my hand.  When they saw that I was allowed to stop
and I just stood there. MASTER asked the women if she felt satisfied and she
said she did.  So MASTER told me to go and get cleaned up and come back.

                                  COUPLE - TWO

    This women had the simplest item of all, a pair of hand cuffs.  But the
task that she wanted me to do was not really to my liking.  Her husband liked
to hand cuff her behing her back and make her SUCK him off at least twice.
When she said that I looked over at MASTER and waited for him to tell her that
was OUT.  But instead he looked back and me and said that he hoped that her
husband was a quick cummer.  I thought to my self (thanks alot)!

    Up to now I was still wearing what was a near miss for a gown, but this
time I had to strip in front of these people and let her hand cuff me.  Then
her husband came to the area where I was at and stood where every one could
see and opened his pants.  When he brought that monster out I thought that the
dildo was small compaired to his living tool.  She was still standing next to
me and helped me get on my knees.  Then the rest was up to me as I opened my
mouth and let that MONSTER pass my teeth.  As i sucked on ti I could feel him
getting warmer and warmer, and before long he went off.  GOD like to took the
back of my head off, and there was more cum the I could keep in my mouth.

    Once I adjusted from the first go round I took his cock and started
working on it again.  It was going a bit soft so I really sucked on it so that
it would not have to be restarted fro DEAD.  As he started to get hard again
he reached down and grabbed my hair and pulled me into it.  He shoved it so
far in I was gasping for air, and he started working me like a pussy.  He kept
it up and again I could feel him getting hot.  This time I also felt that he
was holding back from going off, and I soon found out he was.

    All of a sudden he pulled me up to him so far that I had mu lower lip on
his balls, and as he held me there he went off.  He filled my mouth again and
told me that I was to drink ever drop before he would let me go.  I choched
some and did manage to get it all down!  He then let me lose and with a smile
on his face said "we need to do this again - honey".  I thought to my self
(Fat chance) if I had any thing to do with it.

    As I got up the women came over to me and took her hand cuffs off.  She
said that she liked what she saw and would more then likely let her husband do
it to her.  She actually thanked me for what I did.

    MASTER again let me go and clean up and this time rinse my mouth out with
listerene.  Damn even after that I could still taste his sweety cock, and my
through would carry his cum the rest of the day.  But I did have two of the
five out of the way and that ment I was almost half way.

    I came back in to the room again expecting to have to preform the next
act, but MASTER said that I would have a half hour off before the next
preformance.  Nice touch I was now a preformer!

                                 COUPLE - THREE

    The third women only had a suggestion.  Her husband wanted to watch her
get it from two men at the same time and maybe suck off a third.  MASTER said
to her that was the one pleasure that I had not had this weerekend, and maybe
I would enjoy it.  So as I was still stripped he asked her where she would
like me to be positioned.  She though for a moment and then said (how about
out in the yard)?  MASTER said fine with him, so every one started heading for
the yard.  I kind of held back some, but wound up out there with them.

    All this time Linda was still tending bar and enjoying ever minute of what
I was going through.  I just wish that just once she would have a taste of her
own medicne.

    Sense there were five men they had to select three between them that were
going to have me.  Personally I knew I was sore and would hate every second of
it, but sense I didn't have a choice I got down on the ground and waited for
them.

    I layed on my back while the first man loosened me up and got his dick in
me.  Then we rolled over on our sides while the next gentleman (not really)
got down behind me and started to try and put his dick in.  He was having a
bit of a problem, but he as all men managed to do what he wanted. The third
man got down on his knees and lifted my head some so that he could slip his
dick in my mouth.  Once I was in that position it seemed that they all picked
up a rythm and some one was coming while another was going and the motion
began.  The kept this up for some time and then I felt the one in front of me
go off.  That is when they decided to change positions and each take me by my
pussy.  DAMN that ment I would be fucked three times in each hole, and I
didn't think that was part of the deal.  But so it turned out that really was
the deal, and a bad one for me.

    When they were finished I felt like I was walking bow leged, and maybe I
was.  I didn't even wait for MASTER to tell me to go and clean up, I just
went.  This time I took my time as I was sore now and knew I would be sorer in
the morning.  So I also knew I was past the half way point (whoopie).

                                  COUPLE - FOUR

    The forth women also only had a request!  She mentioned that her husband
has said some thing at one time that MASTER gave me enemas when I would get
out of line.  She said that she had read several stories concerning that, but
had never seen one given for that purpose.  She was hoping that she could
watch me get a good filling to the point that I looked seven months pregnant.
MASTER sat ther for a few seconds I guess thinking about it.  Then he asked
her if she wanted to give it to me or let some one else do it?

    She then sat there a few seconds before saying that she had NO idea how to
get things ready, but beyond that she would love to make me fat.  MASTER
called for you-know-who to come over then.  He told Linda to go with me and
this women and get me ready to take a LARGE VOLUME enema, and to use the extra
special equipment.  Well Linda picked up several items and the three of us
headed for the house. Once we were out of sight of the others Linda started to
show this women what she intended to use on me.  When the women saw the double
bardex she let out a dasp.  You mean you can put that up inside her and it
doesn't hurt.  Linda said that she would not go that far, but yes it went up
inside me.  That is when the women said (I've got to see this)!

    Linda told me to get down on the floor and lay on my side.  The she told
me to pull my knees up to my tits, and she slipped the nozzel in.  While I was
still in this position she inflatted it and clamped the fill lines so that she
could take the inflaters off.  She looked up at the women and told her that
what ever she put in me now would stay there.  The women asked Linda where
would be a good place to do it so that every one could see?  Linda of course
had the perfect place, and that was out back between the pipes.  So out we
went!  I was moving slow as it hurts to walk with an inflated bardex, but I
still made it.  As we passed through the door the others could see that I had
some thing hanging out of me.  They didn't ask what, but they did all try and
get a better look.  We went stright over to the two pipes that were still up.
Linda had to move one of them back closer to the other as they were too far
apart for what she wanted.

    Once she had them in there correct position she had me lay down and went
to get what she needed to fasten my legs and arms.  After my legs were
fastened she used the two cables and hooks to raise me up to a standing
position.  She then walked to the house and came back with an almost full
bottle of water.  She moved things around so that master could watch the water
level, but was out of the way to the rest of them.  The she put all the tubes
and extras together so that I was now ready to get pregnant.

    She took the push button and handed it to the lady that was now standing
in front of me just looking.  She explained that the harder she pushed on the
button the faster water would be pumped into me.  The women said (pumped), and
Linda replied that is what I said.  You need a pump because she is standing
and water wont run up..

    Well she tried the button and saw that I moved and she knew that she had
put some in me then.  She then turned around to the rest of the group and
asked if they could all see?  The shifted there possitions some and then said
they could.  She then said that they were going to watch what happens to a
women that not careful and get knocked up. That is when she stepped to the
side and pushed the button. I could feel the water coming into me now and it
was not that fast, but it didn't take long before I was almost full. My
stomach was tight now and I could feel it start to streach outward.  She kept
the water coming and coming until I let out a cry.  Please no more - please!
She stopped and looked at me and asked if she was hurting me?  Before I could
answer MASTER stood up and told her to keep going as I could take a lot more
yet.  He would have know as he was sitting beside the water bottle. She
started the pump again only this time slower.  GOD it was hurting me but she
never stopped.  At this point I was begging her to stop and she just ignored
me.  Then she stopped and looked out at the others and said (well almost
instant 7 months pregnant).  I was crying and hoping that she was through, and
she was. MASTER got up and came over to me and called for Linda. He told her
to clamp off the line and to leave me there for fifteen minutes so that every
one could take a good look. The don't release the pressure until she had me in
the house and in the bathroom.  Linda agreed!

    When Linda got me to the bathroom and had me stand while she released the
clam, I was just shaking.  When I felt the pressure drop and heard the water
hit the commode like a water hose.  I was sure glad when she took off the
clamps on the nozzel and pulled it out.  Then I was able to sit and get the
rest out, what a great feeling.  She left me alone and told me to come back in
when I was cleaned up and finished.  So that is just what I did, but at my own
time. I knew there was one more women left, and this had to be the hard one of
the day.

                                  COUPLE - FIVE

    Well this time it was sure to turn out interesting as finally Miss Linday
would have to join in at the request of one of MASTER guest.  And the good
part is that I knew when I heard the request that MASTER was delighted with
it.  When Linda heard it she almost went into shock, and I personally enjoyed
every second of it.  At the same time I knew that MASTER would have to do it,
and that even made me feel better.  Because up to now it was just fine and
dandy for me to be stripped, beaten and abused - but not Ms Linda she
considered her self to be above all this.  Now she was going to get a small
portion of her own medicne (love it - just love it).

    The LAST request before the agravation was over was really the simplest of
all yet at the same time it involved some one who had up until now had not
really partisapated. The women wanted to see how good I could treat a women
just in case she had the chance to use me some time.  But she didn't want me
to service her, only see what i could do with a women if I had to.  So after
MASTER asked the other four women which one wanted to be the one that was
pleased, and got no response.  He had to honor the request and come up with
some one for the receiver of my attention.

    That is when MASTER took Linda off to the kitchen and stated that she was
to get down with me and let me do what ever I was couched to do.  I could hear
Linda as well as the others could when she said (-NO WAY-).  But being that I
new MASTER and that the word NO was not some thing he took lightly, I just new
she would be my receiver.  So I sat back and waited to see what was going to
happen, and soon found out.

    MASTER came back with out Linda, but she was soon to follow.  MASTER told
her that he did not expect her to take her cloths off in front of these
couples, but she could go to her room and get ready.  That is when some one
behind me said in a loud voice (whats the matter is she SHY)?  Well I just
knew that you didn't goat Linda or make it sound like a dare as that was what
she was going to do.  And with the blink of an eye she was down to her
panties.  She turned facing away from every one and slipped her satin bikini
panties down slowly past her hips and as her rounded ass was now showing she
continued past her knees until they layed at her feet.  No one could see more
then her well formed hips and just a little between her legs.  I had seen
Linda in the buff several times and new shee was my version of a doll. She
knew that she was causing the men if nothing else to get waterie eyes with
strain, and MASTER was kind of chuckeling to him self while this was taking
place.  Well Linda was not any virgin at making men lust as I could tell.  As
she slowly turned to face all of us they were watching every hair come around.
When she finally was facing us I could hear several low comments as to her
appearence.  And all were compliments and other self wishes.  Like would I
like to get into that and so forth.  But to the task at hand!

    Linda got down on the floor and pulled her feet up so that she could
spread her legs where I could get into her. I got down in front of her and
eased myself up toward her well formed sex slot.  She was already using her
two fingers to minnipluate her lips and to open them as I touched her with my
toung.  Once I entered her with my wet toung she let out a gasp of air with a
low moan.  As I moved around her and in and out she started to move her hips
in every direction.  Back and forth side to side and even up and down to let
me get every tiny corner of her.  It didn't take very long as she seemed
primed to have this done to her, and when it was all over Linda just layed
there completely relaxed and I knew quite satisfied.

    After all that we had been through in the past day and a half she still
looked up at me as I was still kneeling in front of her.  She puckered her
lips as if to pass a kiss and said that she loved it.  She also said that we
would do this again soon, and really I was hoping we would.  It was one of the
few things that happened to me that I didn't mind doing after I started.  I
think that if I could have I would have went right down on her again, but this
time with more heart.

    At this point I assumed that I was now considered punished for what was no
more then a simple error in judgement.  MASTER told me to make my exit by
passing in front of each guest and allowing them one more close look at me.  I
did that with ease and disapeared down the hall into my room.  Once I was
there I hopped up on my bed and let out the biggest sigh of reliefe that I
could.  I know that NO ONE heard me as the door was closed, but I would not
have cared anyway.  I was just so - so glad that it was over.

    I must have fallen asleep as the next thing I remember was getting up for
some thing and it was dark out side. Linda heard me walking and came out of
her room to see me. That is when she told me that things were no longer the
same here, and that starting tomorrow there would be several new rules to
follow.  She also said that she was going to start new procedures when I came
in from work each day, but didn't go past that.  So I just went back to my
room and didn't give it another though.

    What was just fourty eight hours has turned into a never ending life
style, and I shall from this point on relate what takes place as time passes..

EOF - submissivly YOUR - .....
