                        The Pan Pacific Hotel Adventure
                                        Part 1
        
        My wife asked me the other day, "What kind of fantasy would you
have for me?"  I thought about it and asked her what kind of parameters 
would she want to follow.   She said "Go wild".

        Her fatasy beings at work.  I telephone her office and tell here
that here fantasy begins tonight.  She is not to go home.  I want her to  
go to the PanPacific Hotel where she is to pick up the key for the room
that I booked her into.  On the bed she will find the clothes that she is 
to wear that evening.  By the dressing room table she will find a 
picture to model her make-up after.  After she has changed, she is to
go down to the bar and wait.  There she will wait in anticipation of 
what is to happen to her.

        After work she took a cab over to the PanPacific.  I had booked 
a room for her.  She receives the key from the desk clerk the alone she 
goes into the room.  She finds the clothes set out for here on the bed.
There is a very tight red cashmere sweater, a french cup bra, black
silk stockings, garters, semi-high heeel black leather heels and a small
leather mini-skirt.  On top of the clothes is a type written note reading 
"take a bath, and when you get dressed wear only these and no other under 
garments".

        On the dressing table she found a photograph of a vampish looking model 
with extemely striking makeup.  There was a complete makeup set from her 
favorite beauty store.  There was a head that held a white page cut wig.
Another note read "this is what your make-up is to look like and I want
you to wear this wig".

        Near the door she found an envelope.  In the envelope was a note that
said "Go down to the Lounge, order a drink and wait".  She also found 
fifty dollars in the envelope.  She took the money and went down to the bar.

        I let her wait there for a couple of hours.  By the time I
came to pick her up she had been approached by a few men to 
ask if she charged for her services and when she was available to
keep them company.  I came into the bar and sat at a table.  I motioned for
her to come over to me.  Which she did.

        I told her to expose her breasts to me so that I could make sure that 
she wore the correct bra.  The I told her to spread her legs.  When I
reached inbetween her thighs I stroked the hair around her pussy. Then I 
insered my finger into her moist pussy.  I could hear her breathing quicken 
as she closed her eyes.  The waiter approached.

        "Can I get you anything?" he asked.

        "No thank you, I am quite happy" I said.

        Slowly I withdrew my digit from her cunt and told her we will be
going to eat now.  Our table was located in the back of the restaurant.  
I ordered a large dinner for the two of us.  The wine flowed freely and 
soon we were talking of simple things.  This was becoming a "date" and 
that was not my intent.  So I directed her to dip her finger into her 
drinking water and withdraw an icecube.  Then she was to caress her nipple 
with the icy water.

        She blushed with embarrassment and passion as she brought her nipples 
to erections.

        When we were through our meal, we went upstairs to our room.  We 
stopped as we entered the room.  After we closed the door, I asked her 
"On your knees please and open my fly".  She withdrew my cock from my pants.  
"Go ahead, stroke it" I requested.  She made a fist around my prick and 
started to pump my member.  Faster and faster, she stroked as I leaned 
on the wall.  "Good, now suck".  Her red lips surrounded my cock as she 
sucked me with pleasure.  When I had enough, I said "fine" and took her 
to the bed.

        I pulled a chair to the corner of the bed and told her to arrange
the pillows on the bed so that she would be comfortable.  She lay on the 
bed as I directed her.  Her legs spread wide so that I may see her pussy 
under the short mini skirt.  "Masturbate" I directed and I watched her 
take herself to an unihibited orgasm.

        With her juices flowing and my cock firm and erect, I entered her.  
I told her "Squeeze me with your pussy".  Her pelvic muscles constricted 
and worked themselves around my manhood.  It was a strong sensation.  I 
exploded into her cunt.  I rolled over onto my back and suggested for her 
to lower her love hole over my mouth.  She responded as I tasted her juice.
My tonque stroked her clit and she wiggled and moaned above me.  Looking 
up at her in the red sweater, I told her to take it off so that I may see 
her breasts.  Her nipples peeked out over the cut of the french cut bra.





