(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




                            Paige
                          By Conure
                              
                          Chapter 2




      A few days later I woke up early and there was a knock
at  the  door.   When I opened it Paige was standing  there,
wearing a robe and barefooted.  Her hair was in disarray and
she looked sleepy.

     "We ran out of sugar, can I barrow some?"

      "Only  if  we can barter for it," I responded  with  a
friendly  smile.  She blushed and looked down at the  floor.
I  walked  over  to her and planted a kiss on  her  forehead
while  opening her robe.  I went to the table and picked  up
the Hassleblad.

      "Just  stand  there, look sleepy and  do  things  like
running  your hand through your hair, yawn, stretch and  rub
your  eyes,  little girl waking up and coming  to  breakfast
stuff."

      She  was great.  She did as I asked, her robe  opening
and  revealing her young pert tits and cotton panties as she
moved  her hands to perform.  She finished by spreading  her
legs shoulder width and stretching as far as she could,  her
little hands fisted and standing on her toes.

      I knew that it was only a matter of time before I took
this pretty young girl, and she would never forget the day!

      "Hey,  Little One, how would you like  to  go  to  the
movies with me today?"

     "Okay... sounds great."

      "Good, now come over here, I have a surprise for you."
She padded over, robe fluttering open as she walked.  I bent
her  over the table, pulling her robe up to expose her naked
rear.   "Spread  your  legs  a  little  more  Paige."    She
complied.

      I  started to softly caress her ass, rubbing my  hands
softly  up  and down her cheeks, slowly spreading  her  firm
cheeks  to  play  with her butt-hole with  my  finger.   She
shivered and let out a raspy moan.

      I  tried to push my finger into her ass but it was too
dry.   I slid my finger down her crack to her sopping  young
cunt,  teasing her clit and getting my finger set  with  her
juices.   Now I put my attention back to her tight hole  and
shove  my  finger  in.   She moans and  tenses,  "Ooooooo...
please..." she moaned.

      I shoved my finger in all the way and wriggled it.   I
could  tell she was enjoying it by the way she was  grinding
her  behind into my hand.  Goose bumps rose on her  ass.   I
took my other hand and gave her a good smack, she cried  out
and started moaning louder.

      Paige  spread her arms on the table and laid her  head
down, her little body wriggling back and forth as I moved my
finger.  I thought that I was going to have to pry her  from
the  ceiling when I bent my finger closed.  She  started  to
cry and beg me to let her cum.

      I  took my free hand and rubbed her clit, sending  her
soaring  through the clouds.  She tried to lift her  head  a
couple of time but only to have it drop to the table with  a
bang as I pushed her little clit harder and harder.

     I knew she was close when she took her hand and started
playing  with her nipples.  I pulled my finger most  of  the
way  out of her ass, she begged me not to take it out and  I
shoved  another finger in.  She cried out again,  this  time
fucking my fingers with all the might she had stored  up  in
her    body    and    had    a   loud   thrashing    orgasm,
"UUnnnnngngghhhhh.... UUUUuuuhhhhnnnnggguuhhh......"

      When she was through, I slid my finger out of her hole
and  she  fell  into  my arms.  I took  the  hand  that  was
massaging  her  clit  and  place my  finger  in  her  mouth.
"MMmmmmmm,  I like that," she said when I pulled  my  finger
out.

     Her trembling calmed as I held her in my arms, her head
cradled  under my chin.  Her body was warm and tender.   She
looked  up  at  me and we kissed.  "Are we still  on  for  a
movie, like you know, a date?" she asked dreamily.

      "You  bet.  I'll have a special surprise for you  when
you  come, too.  Dress comfortable, but wear something small
and lacy on top, okay?"

      She  smiled at me and said, "Okay," sneaked in another
kiss grabbed the sugar and ran to the door, "I..."

     "What Paige?"

      She blushed and stammered, "I love you..." and ran out
the  door.  I didn't see her again till that afternoon  when
she  showed up for the movies.  She was wearing  a  pair  of
VERY  tight jeans that buttoned down the left side.   I  was
amused  that the buttons went all the way down to where  the
pantlegs  stopped just above her ankle.  She  was  barefoot,
carrying  her  dockers in her hand,  and  for  top  she  was
wearing  a  lace bikers-vest top that was held  together  by
thin  white  cord, it was tight and her pert little  nipples
showed  through, the outfit was perfect for what  I  had  in
mind for this young beauty.

      "Hi  Jon," she said as she came in, "How do you like?"
she asked with her arms out from her sides.

      "Your absolutely beautiful.  Are you ready for one  of
the most outrageous nights you ever had?"

      She  looked  at me, her eyes glowing with  excitement,
"Yeah,"  she answered purringly as she came over and  kissed
me.   I  told  her  to have a seat while I got  some  things
together.

      I went into the storage room behind the studio and got
together  some items I would be needing for the  evening,  a
butt-plug,  ty-raps (you know, those little  plastic  strips
they  use  to  hold  groups  of wire  into  place),  several
assorted vibrators, and a few other little surprises.

     I decided that I am going to teach Paige a little about
bondage  in the theater, and tonight is going to be a  night
that the Little One will remember fondly for the rest of her
life.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....