(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






                            Paige
                          by Conure
                              
                          Chapter 3
                              
                              
                              
      I  went  into  the  bathroom and retrieved  the  final
ingredient  for  the evening, cherry hot  oil.   This  stuff
would get her insides in an uproar, I was going to make  her
so hot she'll want to hump her guts out.

     When I got back into the living room she was sitting on
the couch watching TV.  I pulled the ottoman into the center
of the room.

      "Paige,  are you willing to do anything for me?   What
ever I say?"

      She  looked  at me and smiled, nodding her  head  yes,
saying, "I am your fourteen year old sex slave, I'll  do  as
you  command master," she added, giggling.  Little  did  she
know.

     "Good, take off your pants and lay on your tummy on the
ottoman."  She stood and unbuttoned her jeans half way  down
her  thigh, turning sideways so that I could get a  view  of
the  good before sliding them off and stepping out of  them.
She was wearing very tiny lace panties.  She walked over  to
the  ottoman and got down on her knees next to it  and  laid
face down.  It was small so only her torso was on it.

      I pulled out a few ty-raps and wrapped each wrist to a
leg  on the ottoman.  I took two long ty-raps and pulled her
knees  forward and spread them so that I could connect  them
to  the  back legs of the furniture.  She whined as I pulled
the raps good and tight, being sure they would leave marks.

      I pulled out the 6 inch butt-plug and held it in front
of  her.  "Honey, I'm this is called a butt-plug.  I'm going
to  put it in your ass, and it doesn't come out until I tell
you  to  take it out.  You can try forcing it out  like  you
were taking a shit, but it is too big and won't budge, it'll
just make your ass sore.  Understand?"

     "Yes," she said, obvious nervous about it's size.

     I got out the hot cherry oil and spread it on the plug.
I knelt behind her and ripped her panties off, she yelped in
surprise.   I  placed the tip of the plug against  her  ass.
She  was too nervous to be excited, which was my goal.  Time
to heat up was on the way shortly.

      I  pushed  it  hard into her ass.  She cried  out  but
rotated  her ass as I pushed.  I got turned on as I  watched
her tiny little pucker hole spread by the plug.  When it was
finally in, I smeared some of the hot oil onto her clit  and
around  her pussy hole.  I pulled her pants up and  buttoned
them.

     "Oh Jon, don't (gasp) pull them up.... uhhhhh... please
make me cum???"

     "Not now, little one.  Your not even hot yet."

       "OOooooooohhhhggggg...  please????"  she  moaned.   I
responded  no,  that  she was going to have  to  learn  some
disapline  if I was to teach her anything.  I got  the  last
button and cut the ty-raps off so she could get up.

      She  stood  rubbing  her sore  wrists  when  her  face
suddenly  changed.  She started rubbing her ass.  "How's  it
feel Paige?"

      "Jon, my insides are starting to get hot... this thing
sorta  hurts, it's so big," she said, wriggling  her  bottom
her  face beginning to contort, "Hey, did you rub this stuff
on  my pussy?!  Oh my god, I'm getting insane Jon, it's  not
fair."

     I chuckled at this, taking her in my arms.  She pressed
her  groin at me, probably hoping to entice me to bring  her
off now, but it didn't work.  Instead I brought my hand down
on her rear, being sure to hit the plug end with my fingers.
She yelped out in a hurt cry and moaned.

      "Please Jon, I'm so excited..."  she pulled away and a
wet  spot  was starting to form on the crotch of her  jeans,
"Look at what's happening!"

     "Well then, you better calm down because you got a long
way  to go, and you don't want it to look like you wet  your
pants, do you?"  She moaned in frustration.  Now her nipples
were  standing out plain and clear, visible to any  one  who
looked.  She was beautiful and very hot.  It was going to be
a hard night for her.

      She moaned and huffed and flopped down onto the couch.
I  pushed the ottoman back onto the corner and when I turned
around  she was rubbing her crotch with her hand.  I grabbed
another  ty-rap and pushing her face down on the couch,  tie
her hands behind her back at the wrists and elbows.

     She tried to protest, "Jon..." but I cut her off.

      "Stand up and listen to me," she stood up, a hurt look
on her face and tears in her eyes.  "Do you want to have the
cum of your life?"

     She lowered her head, "yes."

      "Then  behave yourself."  I got down on my  knees  and
started  unbuttoning her pants from the ankles up,  stopping
before  the  last  button.  Her left leg  and  hip  was  now
visible.  I started at her foot and worked my way up to  her
butt, lightly running my fingers over her flesh.  She moaned
and shivered, longing to have me touch her.

      I lowered my pants and sat down on the couch.  "Get on
your knees in front of me."  She did.  "Open your mouth  and
suck  my cock."  Her face turned red, I knew she was so  hot
that  I had her where I wanted her.  She knelt, lowered  her
head and I instructed her how to blow me.

     When I got close I explained to her that I was going to
cum,  and she was to swallow every ounce of it if she wanted
to  cum some time tonight.  Her head continued to bob up and
down  until eventually I lost my load.  She pulled her  head
back,  but  not  off  of  me,  I  could  hear  her  gulping,
struggling  not  to  miss a drop.  She was  now  truly  very
excited.

      She  looked  up at me with a pleading face,  her  body
trembling hard with excitement.  "That was great Little One.
Now, stand up and let me fix your jeans."

     She gulped down some of her excitement and stood.  "Oh,
Paige,  look  at your pants.  They're soaked  down  to  your
knees.   We're  going to have to get you something  else  to
wear, and I know just the place."

      I  drove  out  to a local adult clothing establishment
where  a good friend of mine might help me out.  I went  in,
leaving  Paige tied in the car, pantleg still unbuttoned  up
to  the  hip,  I made sure that her entire leg  was  visible
before I got out of the car.

      I  went in and talked to Jim.  He was apprehensive  at
first, but $50 bucks made him feel a lot better.  I went out
to the car, untied her and led her in.

      Jim's eyes lit up when he saw her, "Hey, she really is
beautiful."   Paige blushed, as all eyes were drawn  towards
that barefoot teen standing in the middle of the shop.   Jim
rushed  us into the back room where he brought over  a  rack
with several items on it.

      He flurried through the garments, finally finding what
he  wanted, "Aha!  This will do the little beauty fine!   Go
over  there  and put this on."  She took a short skirt  from
him  and went to the changing booth.  When she emerged I was
stunned.

      The  skirt was a perfect match for her top,  the  lace
designs perfectly matching the top, but, on each side, about
4  inches  was open, the only way the front was attached  to
the  back was very fine strings at the top of each hip.  The
skirts  length  came about 1/2 the way down  to  her  knees.
Perfect.

     I thanked Jim and we left.  Paige was even more excited
now, her body being on display made her hot and nervous.  We
talked about how she felt on the way to the movie house.

      I  found  an adult theater over near Croton  that  was
showing  a  classic, The Story of O.  I thought  this  movie
would be perfect to set the mood.  She slid on her shoes and
we  went inside.  I didn't have any problem getting her  in.
I picked the back row and we sat in the corner.

      I leaned over and whispered into her ear, "Paige, take
off  your shoes."  She looked at me repulsed, the floor  was
sticky  and disgusting, and not from popcorn and  soda  (the
last  movie  got  out 15 minutes before  we  arrived).   She
slipped her feet out of the shoes, slowly putting them  down
on the dirty floor.

     I pulled a couple ty-raps out of my pocket and tied her
feet to the legs of the chairs, pulling them tight until she
would squirm uneasily.  Then, I connected her wrists to  the
chair's  arms  in the same fashion.  She looked  at  me  un-
easily,  obviously nervous about being bound  like  this  in
public.

     I undid the laces for her top, opening it to reveal her
firm budding breasts.  She looked around uneasily every time
some one walked into the room and sat down.  She started  to
calm when she realized no one was very interested.

      When the movie started, I reached over and pulled  her
skirt  up, slowly lowering my hand to her sopping wet pussy.
She  moaned  and  rested her head on my shoulder.   She  was
trembling, and would be out of control by the time  we  left
the  theater.  During the big sex scene in the  beginning  I
brought her to orgasm three times, her body was soaked  with
sweat.

      I  brought her off another 12 times during the  movie,
never giving her a huge orgasm, wanted to save the best  for
home.   Just  before  the  movie ended,  I  placed  a  small
vibrator into her cunt.  She sat in the chair whimpering and
grinding  her  bottom into the chair, man was she  going  to
leave a wet spot behind.

      I  cut the ties and we left.  She was holding my  hand
with  both  of hers while walked with me, her hand clenching
mine  tightly, squeezing so hard at times I was  afraid  she
might break my fingers!

      When  we got to the car, she lost control, she  jumped
onto  my lap, her legs spread over my crotch, "JON!!! PLEASE
FUCK  ME!!!!  I REALLY need to cum hard... please... I don't
care how much you need to hurt me... please!!!!!"

      I  kissed  her deeply, her body was on fire!   "Little
One,  as soon as we get home I will fix you up.  Just  relax
and in 40 minutes you'll be light-headed from cumming.

      I  decided to give her a little break on the way back.
I  pulled her feet up onto the seat and tied her right wrist
to  her left ankle, the left to the right ankle.  This  way,
if  she  forced her arm down she could rub her mound  during
the trip.

     She moaned and tried to talk all the way back.  She was
absolutely breathless, panting out her words.  She  told  me
how  she wants me to fuck her so hard that it would rip  her
apart.   Her  body was covered with sweat,  making  her  top
perfectly see through.  There was a sigh of relief  when  we
pulled into the driveway.

      I  untied  her and carried her into the  house.   Once
inside I put her down.  She grabbed my wrist and dragged  me
to  the bedroom where she pulled me down onto the bed on top
of her.  The sweat running down her face and chest.

      I slowly pulled out the dildo and vibrator.  Paige was
rolling  her  head from side to side from the attention  her
pussy was starting to receive.  After I had pulled them out,
I  started  to feel her up, driving her wild.   She  started
driving her hips at me hard, I knew she was more than ready.

      Since  she was so wet, I decided to go for it  without
lubrication.   When my cock touched her  hot  wet  hole  she
screamed, "Oh Jon... please please please, make me  FEEL  it
when you take me... make it last forever... please..."

      I  stopped with my head started to push her hole open,
"Paige,  I  want you to tell me through out the whole  thing
how  it feels, okay?  If you stop talking I stop doing,  got
it?"

      "Yes,"  she growl/panted, shifting her hips up  toward
me.  I started to push, "Oh Jon, your spreading me open,  it
hurts but feels so nice... oooooohhhhh" my head entered her,
I slid myself in slowly until I felt her tighten up near the
maidenhead.  "Oh Jon, rip me open... I never... uhh...  used
a... tampuh... on... please... dooo..... iitttt......"

      She  started  to  sob as I slowly pushed  through  her
hymen.   I  was holding her hands down to the bed,  she  was
pinned, her body writhing head thrashing from side to  side.
She  was moaning, just barely below a scream, "Oh god, it...
huurrrrttsss...  uhh.... uhhhhhh....  it  feels...  liike...
you're  tearing me.... UUUUHHH!" she bucked her hips against
me  hard, and I was ready for it, I shoved my cock into  her
so hard her eyes rolled back into her head and she fell limp
on  the  bed,  her  breathing ragged.   When  her  breathing
steadied  a  bit I started to pull back, but she grabbed  my
ass  and stopped me.  When she spoke, her voice was low  and
raspy.

      "please Jon... uhh... don't move..it hurts.. uhhhgg...
I'm  so  full I can feel you, uh, in my tummy (she squinted,
her  face contorting a little), but I REALLY need to  cum...
I'm so close... please... make me cum so hard it hurts me...
please..."

      With  that, I started to slowly slide in and out,  and
after  a  few seconds she began to respond in full,  bucking
and  flailing until finally her entire body arched, her feet
and  head  were the only parts of her body that touched  the
bed,   I  lowered my head and started to suck and nibble  on
her nipples and that finished the poor kid.

      I  felt  her body begin to convulse, she tried talking
but  it  was hopeless, she just tensed, relaxed, and  tensed
again,  her  pussy tightening to the point that  I  couldn't
stand  it  any  more  and dumped my  load.   With  that  she
exploded,  her  body writhed wildly, her head flopping  from
side to side, her back arching and crying for more.

      I  humped her as wildly as I could until we were  both
exhausted  and  fell into a sweaty pile on one  another.   I
slowly  pulled out and laid beside her, taking her trembling
body  and  holding it tight against mine.   She  laid  there
cooing  as  she  drifted off to sleep,  thanking  me  before
drifting off to nether land.











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....