Archive-name: 3plus/palmsprs.txt
Archive-author: Pussy Barber
Archive-title: Memories of Palm Springs


    My girlfriend, Shauna, and I met on the freeway.  I was laying under my
Porsche 914, trying to fix a balky shift lever, thinking of creative tortures
for the German S.O.B.s that designed it, when I heard another car sputtering
in behind me.  I'd just about fininshed, and as I slid out from under the
car, hands and forearms greasy and grimy, I saw another 914 parked behind me.
Emerging from the driver's seat, Shauna walked towards me.  Even the concern
and frustration on her face couldn't mar her looks.  About 5'5", 120 pounds,
a terrific figure shaped by skin-tight jeans, a green blouse, blue eyes, and
orange-red hair that cascaded down from her shoulders, ending just above her
firm breasts.
    Her car had died and she was able to nurse it behind mine and could-you-
take-a-look-PLEASE?  Smiling, I looked.  I looked mostly a her, but I did
manage to find the problem.  After removing some parts and repairing the
corroded connectors, I started reassembly.  At one point, I was frantically
looking about for one of those "special" bolts car makers are so fond of,
and couldn't find it.  Shauna bent down, and picked something up, asking me
"is this what you're looking for?"
    Saved by my Irish luck again, I told her yes, that was the part, and as I
walked around the car, taking it from her hand, I leaned over and gave her a
quick, light kiss on the lips, thanking her for saving my sanity.  I glanced
back as I wound the bolt into place, and Shauna was staring wide-eyed at me.
    "All fixed." I said, "Give her a try and lets see if she runs."
    She started the Porsche and it ran, but still needed a tune up.  We talked
for a bit and I gave her my phone number, asking her to come by Saturday and
we'd get her car in shape.
    Saturday, we fixed her car and ended up having dinner together.  Several
nights later, as we left a movie and were sitting in traffic, Shauna holding
my hand, leaned over and breathed into my ear; "I <Want> you!".  Breathless
for a moment, I turned and kissed her passionately, my tounge finding hers
and performing an ages old ritual dance.  We made record time to my apart-
ment, where we enjoyed each other for hours.
    Almost a year later, my boss let me "borrow" his house in Palm Springs for
several days, saying that during the summer he rarely used it.  We drove in
the hot August weather to Palm Springs, arriving about 4 p.m. and the first
thing we did was shower together and enjoy our privacy (she was still living
with her parents at the time, which made overnight stays awkward with parental
questions).
    She drove down to the store while I made us some hor d'ourves for our late
night "afterwards" snacks.  I heard the Porsche enter the garage, then voices
talking.  Shauna came in laughing and carrying two large sacks of goodies,
followed by the most incredible blonde I'd ever seen.
    Shauna introduced Jean, her best friend in high school, who was on her
summer break from UCLA, staying with some friends.  Jean was incredible,
stunning, gorgeous.  Words don't describe her well enough.  She stood about
5'11", 135 pounds, with long, lean tanned legs accentuated by white shorts,
small firm breasts, hidden only by a tank-top, sparkling blue eyes, golden
blonde hair that reached down to the middle of her back, and a trim, firm
little bottom.  But it was her face, her smile, that could tempt saints to
sin.  Combined with her bedroom eyes, and graceful movements, she could
arouse the lust in a monk. (Little did I know, but more on that later).
    We talked, as Shauna and Jean prepared the veggies and deserts for our
dinner, and of course we invited Jean to stay.  Drinking a nice red wine,
we sat in the living room talking and laughing until dinner was ready.  I was
enjoying verbal sparing with these ladies, sometimes getting and sending some
pretty "hot" zings.  Dinner was a fabulous success, with wine flowing and our
friendly chatter making for a warm glow.  I sensed the same feelings from
the girls...this was fun!
    Sitting out back, by the pool in the warm darkness of the desert, we kept
our games of "zings" up, and as we drank more wine, the zings got funnier and
funnier with double-entendres flying freely.  About midnight, we decided to
wrap it up, promising that we'd take Jean shopping tomorrow.  Shauna showed
Jean to the guest room, talking with her for a few minutes before comming to
the master-bedroom that we had taken over.
    The night was still very warm, about 87 degrees (cool, since it was 103
when we arrived).  I lay on the bed, naked, waiting for Shauna to join me.
Once naked, she slipped into be beside me, running her hand over my stomach,
stopping on my chest, as she leaned over and began a long passionate kiss.
Unrestrained, my shaft began to swell and rise in response to the rapid move-
ments her tounge was performing around mine.  Slowly, I teased her tounge to
follow, as I withdrew into my mouth.  Her tounge followed, filling my
mouth, and fanning a burning desire deep within my loins.  I reached up and
caressed a nipple with my finger, feeling it become erect and hard.  I ran
my hand around her breast lightly before cupping it and squeezing.  Shauna's
hips found my thigh as she laid down fully against me, pushing her pelvis
forward to rub her mound against me.  My other hand roamed her body, caress-
ing and touching places I knew to be sensitive.  Tounges still interweaving
and dancing, my hands gripped and cupped her ass.  I pulled one buttock up,
then released it as I pulled the other one up, alternating the strokes.
Shauna moaned softly into my mouth, her hands pulling my head tight against
her lips.  I reached between her cheeks, reaching for her soft tight pussy.
I expected her to be moist, ready for me to tounge her pussy for a while.
As my fingers found and began to spread her lips, she moaned a bit louder,
sliding her hips up on my thigh to give me better access.  My finger found
her opening, wet with anticipated passion, and as I slid my finger inside,
her juices began to flow freely.  I could feel her slick juice on my thigh
as she arched her back, thrusting herself against my probing finger.  I was
suprised by her intense arousal, and as I slipped another finger inside her
she let out a gasping moan just before she lowered herself, smothering me
with a passionate kiss.
    I heard a faint creak, and dismissed it as the house cooling from the hot
desert sun.  Shauna slid her hips over mine and lowered herself directly onto
my engored cock, sliding me up inside her easily.  My voice, moaning, seemed
far away, and I stiffened as she took my shaft deep into her pussy.  Shauna,
sitting up, hands on my chest, started chanting "I LOVE you inside me, I love
YOU inside me, I love you INSIDE me, GOD! I love you INSIDE ME!".
    I pulled her head down and smothered her mouth with kisses, as much as to
keep her from disturbing Jean as to feed my desire.  Her hips rocked faster
now, and she withdrew from my lips to breath.  My hips met hers, and as we
continued, I could feel a welling up inside.  I didn't want to come before
she did, and was about to slow down when she slammed her hips against me,
grinding her pussy hard against my cock.  As she stiffened and shuddered I
found I couldn't hold on as I watched her clench her tits tightly, squeezing
them hard, I erupted like a volcano, deep inside her.
    She laid down, resting her head on my chest, both of us covered with a
fine layer of perspiration from our lovemaking.  Again I heard a creaking
sound and, looking towards one of the closet doors, I could see that it was
slightly ajar. "Have to close that I thought" as I started to drift away,
filled with contentment.  Shauna, my cock softening inside her kissed my
cheek and chin softly before she too drifted off.
    Sometime later, when Shauna moved off of me and curled up under the sheet,
I decided that I would get up and go to the bathroom, closing the closet door
while I was up.  After visiting the bathroom, quietly, I started to push the
closet door shut, but decided to see what kind of closet it was.  Opening the
door, I found that it was a door not for a closet, but to the guest room!
Through the door I could see the guest room, illuminated by soft moonlight
against the pastel blue walls, and the bed, directly across from the door.
The foot of the bed towards my left, I could see Jean, streched out on the
bed, a T-shirt bunched around her neck, her naked hips and breasts shining
in the moonlight.  Her legs were spread and half drawn up, one hand between
her thighs, the other alternating between cupping her breast and pulling hard
on its nipple.  I watched, facinated by her, as her hips rocked and she
moved her hand over her sensitive areas, caressing and arousing herself.  My
cock, still damp with Shauna's come, began to grow.  I began to stroke myself
slowly, finding pleasure in watching Jean.  Her breasts were small, but the
nipples were full and large, covering the point of her tits.  Her stomach flat
and taut, blonde hair streaming around her head like an aura.  Her lean firm
thighs showed muscles flexing, and I thought of my tounge running over her.
Suddenly her hips bucked, her ass tightening and she let out small mewing
cries so quietly I had to strain to hear them.  As she began to relax, her
hand still stroking and caressing her pussy, I moved behind the door, so she
wouldn't see me watching.  Quietly I started to close the door, but the
hinges creaked softly -- the same creak I'd heard earlier.  Jean had been
watching us!  Excited, I creaked the door again, before closing it quietly
and returning to bed and Shauna, my mind filled with exciting visions of what
Jean must have seen as we fucked passionately.
    I lay on my back next to Shauna, still curled up under the sheet.  As I
was wondering if I should tell her about Jean's watching us, she rolled over
placing her head on my chest.
    "Did you enjoy the view?" She whispered.
    "Hmm? What?" I replied, feigning innocence.
    "Did you like watching Jean get off?" She said directly.
    "You KNOW?" I was suprised.
    "Uh-huh.  I told her it would turn me on, but I didn't know how you'd feel
about it." she said, looking into my eyes for approval or rejection.
    "That's why you were so wet tonight." I said, as the truth dawned on me.
    "I didn't know I'd be that turned on by it.  I hope you're not mad."
    "Don't be silly." I said, "Now that I know, you may have a permanently
hard cock tonight".
    She chuckled and we hugged, drifting off to sleep.

    The next morning, Shauna was up before me, and I awoke to the smell of
fresh coffee.  Opening my eyes, Shauna, still naked, strode over to the bed
holding the steaming cup.  I sipped the hot, aromatic coffee, and kissed her
good-morning.  She smiled and pulled the sheet off of me, running her hand
over my lower stomach.  I put the coffee cup on the nightstand, and reached
down to stroke her thigh.
    "Jean knows you watched her masturbate last night." she said with a slight
tone of reproach.
    "Hmm. I hope she enjoyed it." I smiled.
    "She did." Shauna replied.  Without further words, she leaned over and
engulfed my soft cock with her mouth, swirling her tounge around it.  I laid
back and watched as she continued to massage the shaft, making it slick and
wet with her mouth.  I glanced at the door and saw that it was once again
open slightly.  I realized that she and Jean had conspired to put on a show,
again without telling me.  Shauna was sitting on the edge of the bed, her
back to the door, so I told her to get around on the other side of me.  She
moved, keeping my cock in her mouth as she did, and the sensation of my cock
twisting around in her mouth was incredible.
    As she sat in the middle of the bed, sucking my rigid shaft into her mouth
I saw that the door was now open several inches, and could see a faint shadow
moving under the edge of the door.  This excited me, as I pictured Jean was
standing behind the door, legs spread, fingers spreading her slick juice over
her pussy lips and clit as she watched.  Orally, Shauna was very, very good.
Her lips pressing against my cock, her tounge flicking my sensitive glans,
fingers stroking my balls, and her red hair caressing my thighs and stomach.
    I reached down, gathering her hair up so that Jean, if she really was
watching, could see my cock in Shauna's mouth.  Holding her hair with one
hand, I reached with my left to tug, twist, pinch and tweak one of her now
erect nipples.  Shauna responded by moving her mouth faster, saliva dripping
down on the base of my cock, making warm then cool sensations on my balls.
    "Yesss," I crooned, "suck it sweetheart.  Suck it deep.  I know how you
love to suck my cock 'til I cum.  Ohh, you're sooo good to me!"
    Shauna moaned softly as she sucked and I could feel her building excite-
ment as her mouth was now so wet her drool was running like water down my
shaft.
    "She's watching, isn't she?" I whispered. "She's watching you suck my cock,
making it all wet and slippery."
    Shauna didn't reply, but she slid her hips down flat on the bed, her back
and shoulders arched up to continue her mouthing my iron hard rod.  One hand
made its way down to her pussy, and she started fingering herself as she
sucked.
    "Do you want her to see me cum in your mouth?" I asked softly.
    She moaned and raked her teeth against my cock, squeezing my balls softly
and kneading them in their sacks.  She slowed, pulling her head off my cock
just long enough to utter a short phrase before engulfing me again.
    "CUM in my mouth!"
    I'm not sure if it was the idea of being watched, the fact that Shauna had
always been very shy about talking dirty, the unexpected lust in her voice,
or the way she was greedily gulping my cock, but I was suprised at how quickly
my orgasm came on, and at its intensity.  I laid back, arching my hips up to
meet her mouth, moaning and trembling as a flood of sperm washed into her
mouth.  I could hear her swallowing my come, as another wave surged forth
from the head of my cock.  Her hand, pumping and milking my shaft was moving
slower and tighter.  I felt something wet on my thigh as I shot my final
burst, hearing her panting and crooning "Oh yesss" to me.
    "Ohhhh  Godddd!" I exclaimed, as I looked down at her.  She was just sitting
up, smiling at me, a white patch of cum on her chin and neck, and I was quite
suprised to see that she had jerked me off onto her firm round tits too.
    Licking drops of sperm from her fingers, she looked at me as if she had
just proved me wrong about something.  I got an idea, and before the time
was past, I sat up and whispered into her ear.
    "I want you to get up, walk around to that door and yank it open.  If Jean
wants a show, let's give her one." I indicated her sperm covered tits.
    She giggled and rolled out of bed, almost running to the door.  She opened
it all the way, exposing Jean leaning against the doorsill, naked with her
hands moving quickly between her legs.  Her eyes were glassy and it took a
few moments for her situation to register past her lust, to realize that
Shauna stood equally naked before her, her tits wet and slick with my jism.  Smiling
Shauna's hand was working over her orange bush too, as Jean's mind came back
to reality.
    "Ahhhh." Jean stammered, obviously embarrassed, but her hands refused to
stop moving in her blonde bush.
    Shauna didn't miss a beat.  Moving closer to Jean, one hand still rubbing
her orange-furred cunt, she ran one finger over her soaking tits, and leaned
even closer to Jean.
    "I LOVE it when you watch us cum!" she said, and reached out and rubbed
her wet finger on Jean's large nipple. "Doesn't cum feel good on your tits?"
    Jean's eyes, focused on Shauna's tits, glassed over as she sank to the
floor, closing her eyes, and making the same small mewing cries I'd heard
last night.  We watched her this time, sitting with her back to the doorsill,
legs spread, fingers deep inside.  Her breathing caused her tits to rise and
fall, the left one glistening wetly.
    As her breathing slowed, I got up and walked over to them, and scooped
Jean up in my arms.  She was weak and damp with perspiration, making her
lean tight stomach look delicious.  Her arms wrapped instinctively around
my neck, her wet hands leaving my back slippery.  I turned and carried her
back to our bed, gently laying her down, her head on the pillow.
    "You're not mad?" She asked of me, incredulous.
    "Not at all." I said. "I hope you enjoyed it."
    Jean looked at us, and smiled, saying that she did indeed enjoy it.
    "Isn't she beautiful?" Shauna asked me.
    "Mmmmm. Delicious.  I think your nipples are great." I told Jean.
    We talked and laughed, the three of us naked in the bed.  Afterwards we
showered and went shopping.  Actually, the girls went shopping while I stood
or sat around watching them and watching other pretty gals all day.  When
Jean walked into a store alone to check something, Shauna turned toward me
and we kissed, much too briefly in my opinion, before she gave me something
to look forward to when we returned home.
    "Tonite, it's your turn to suck me until I cum, while Jean watches!" She
whispered. "I'm going to ride your face 'till its as soaked as my tits were!"
    An immediate bulge formed in my pants, as Shauna was normally very shy
and uptight about talking like that.  I grabbed her and kissed her hard, my
hands cupping and lifting her ass.
    "Yes, but this time, I want to have Jean sitting in the room with us!" I
breathed in her ear. "Watching you make my face wet, watching you cum in my
mouth."
    Jean returned while we where whispering in each other's ears, and made a
comment about holding our lust until we got home.  Of course, this became,
for me, the longest shopping trip in history.  Later, when Shauna had gone
to try on some clothes, Jean sided up to me, her hand on my stomach.
    "I want to watch you make each other cum tonite." she breathed quietly.
    I turned, knowing that Shauna couldn't see us, and pulled Jean to me hard,
kissing her fully.  Her lips parted, and my tounge met hers, warm and invit-
ing. Her other hand caressing my back, I broke the kiss quickly and took my
turn, speaking slowly so my warm breath would caress her ear.
    "I want you close to us, naked, watching us cum." I whispered. "I want
you so close you can feel the heat from our bodies, feel us both cum."
    Jean sagged against me, breathing a "yes" into my chest.  I gently ran my
tounge around her ear, and then breathed hotly into it.  She leaned into me
even more, sighing.
    By the time we finished shopping, we had repeated this type of foreplay
many times, on the sidewalks, in shops, and once, to both girls at the same
time in a short elevator ride.  We returned home about dusk, and I insisted
that we have dinner.  They both looked at me like I was crazy, but agreed.
    We dined, and again had a lush red wine to lift our spirits even higher.
By the time the table was cleared, we were all ready to rip each other's
clothes off, from promisies made during the day.  As we left the kitchen, I
filled three wine glasses and passed them around, with a toast.
    "Here's to pleasure." I said.  We touched glasses and drank, looking over
the glasses into each other's eyes.  To my suprise, it was "shy" Shauna that
took the first step.  Putting her glass down, she quickly pulled her top over
her head, revealing her creamy white tits, their small nipples hardening as
we watched.  Her jeans came off just as quick, while Jean was slipping out of
her tank top.  Nude, Shauna started taking my shirt off while Jean slipped
out of her shorts.  As she got my shirt off, Shauna watched as Jean started
unfastening my pants, pulling them quickly to the floor.  I stepped out of
them as Jean, kneeling held them in place.  Jean was staring straight at my
hardening cock, inches from her face.
    "Go ahead," Shauna said, "let me see you suck his cock."
    Jean hesitated only a second before she grasped my cock in her warm hand
and her tounge slid wetly around the head.  She slipped my cock in her mouth
easily, sliding down my shaft until I felt the head against the back of her
throat.  She pulled back, and started again, repeating the swirling tounge
action that I was sure Shauna had told her I liked.  I watched as Shauna,
again, normally shy, sat down and started fingering her bush, legs spread
wide on the couch.  As Jean slid down my pole, she started fingering her own
pussy.  I felt the back of her throat again, expecting her to withdraw.  She
paused for a moment, then, slooowly eased the rest of my seven inches into
her mouth.  Her throat, hot and tight around the head of my cock, seemed to
be velvety smooth.  Her nose brushed against the hair at the base of my cock
and I strained with effort not to push or flex against her.  I didn't want
her to choke, and I was sweating from the effort.  Her throat receeded, and
it felt like slowly pulling out of a pussy.  She kept only the head in her
mouth as she pulled back.  Then she slid down again, pausing only briefly as
the head reached the back of her mouth, and again I felt her throat squeezing
my cockhead and the smooth wetness.  I opened my eyes and looked at Shauna,
sure she'd be showing jealousy at my enjoying a blowjob so much, but she was
staring, her feet against the edge of the coffee table, legs wide and three
fingers pumping her orange-trimmed slit hard and fast.  Jean came down on my
cock in one smooth motion, taking it all straight into her throat.  I groaned,
resisting the urge to try to fuck her mouth, knowing that I would cum soon.
    Shauna's voice was unexpected, and her words were even more unexpected once
they registered on my lust fogged brain.
    "I told her your cum tastes sooo good." She said. "That you cum a lot and
you'd love to fill her mouth with your hot creamy cum."
    I looked at Shauna, her pale body now flushed a light pink, perspriation
accentuating her curves, close to her own peak, her tits moving as she
pounded her damp mound with one hand and her fingers blurred over her clit.
Jean let out a soft moan and swallowed my cock again, making my hips sway
forward, and my knees bend.  Again, I moaned, not wanting to cum too soon.
    "Shoot your cum!" Shauna commanded, her voice loud in the still air of
the night. "Fill her mouth full of your cum.  Flood her mouth!"
    Her lusty, carnal cravings drove me to new heights, just as Jean was pull-
ing back.  I felt a string being pulled as her fingernails lightly caressed
and teased the sensitive line running down between my balls.  Five hours of
relentless teasing, promising, and lusting came forth all at once.  Groaning
loudly, I felt the dam break and my hips lunge forward.  Cum spewed from my
cock like a gusher, sending hot streams into Jean's mouth. Again and again,
gushing and gushing, her tounge-tip, hot with my come, kept coaxing more from
my cock.  I felt like I had shot a gallon of gooey cream into her mouth and
she wanted more.  I looked down, her eyes were closed, hands on my stomach,
cock half in her mouth, still teasing with her tounge.  She had slid her body
close, almost under me, and I could see that cum was oozing from her mouth,
around my cock to dribble down her chin, down onto her chest and stomach,
her nipples erect and hard.  The sight of her brought forth another rush of
jism, just as she released my cock from her lips.  I spurted a short white
burst onto her upper lip and cheek.  Shauna's voice, breathy and soft broke
my concentration on Jean.
    "Oh God yesss Jean!  Suck his cum, drink him, suck it outta his balls!"
    Shauna's hips rose high off the couch, her legs closing around her wrist,
her buns tight, breasts heaving and wriggling as she came.  Sweat now formed
drops that ran down her stomach, coursed down her thighs, and dripped wetly
on the couch.
    Jean sat, fingering herself, her eyes glassy while she watched Shauna's
orgasm.  I leaned over to her ear, asking her if she'd like Shauna to watch
as while she creamed all over my face.  Jean's eyes stayed on Shauna, but
she repeated back to me "cream all over your face?" just as her tits began
to shake, and her body stiffened.  This time, she let out small breathy "huh"
sounds as she came, her legs closing around her hand.
    Shauna watched, still toying with her pussy as Jean's orgasm started. She
smiled when I looked at her, but watched as Jean, her body slick and wet from
cum and sweat, shuddered noisily.
    I sat next to Shauna while Jean finished, Shauna leaning over to lick a
missed drop of cum from the end of my semi-hard cock.  She told me that it
did taste "soooo good", as Jean leaned back against an easy chair.  Shauna,
her carnal instincts running high, stood moved to kneel by Jeans side.
    "I see you enjoyed that" Jean said weakly.
    "Hmmm yes!" Shauna laughed. "Did he taste as good as I said."
    Jean seemed to just realize that she was literally dripping in cum, her
neck wet, her dark nipples streaked with a cloudy white cream, some of which
was running down her sweaty stomach towards her bush.
    "Jeeez!  You weren't kidding that he could cum!" she joked. "Look a me!
I'm drenched!"
    Shauna reached over and wiped a shiny pearl from Jean's nipple onto her
finger, taking the finger into her mouth and tasting it.  Then, she wiped a
drop from higher on Jean's tits, again tasting it.  They looked at each other
as Shauna leaned over an her tounge licked away a streak on Jean's face.
Another look, longer this time, and Shauna leaned down, tounging Jean's left
nipple, chasing and licking every drop of cum from the girl's tit.  Shauna
had leaned over, her ass facing me, and I watched as a thick white cream began
to appear around her cunt lips.  Jean looked at me, and I smiled slightly,
licking my lips and kissing towards her.  She smiled and looked down at
Shauna who was greedily tounging the right tit clean.  Jean's hands cupped
under Shauna's chin and brought her face up.
    "He's watching US now." She said quietly to Shauna. "Let's give him as
good of a show as we can."
    I couldn't tell who started, but their lips met, Jean's arms encircling
Shauna's neck.  Shauna moved and straddled Jeans hips, leaning forward and
rubbing her tits against Jean's smaller ones.  They continued to kiss as
Shauna's rubbing began to get furious.  Jean glided her hands down Shauna's
sides, over her hips, and cupped her ass.  She squeezed and, unknowingly,
treated me to watching  Shauna's pussy emit more thick white love juice.
Jean's hands forced Shauna's hips down against hers, and they rubbed to-
gether.  I felt ready to fuck all night, just watching these two hot, lusty
women.
    "If you want to put on a show," I said lustily, "let's do it right."
    The girls looked at me quizically as I stood, I offered each a hand up.
They stood, and I kissed each one long and hard, becoming very aroused by the
taste of my cum on both their lips.  I motioned to them to pick up their
wine glasses and, turning out the house lights, told them to follow me.
    The house was really just outside Palm Springs, with the nearest real
neighbor about five hundred yards away.  The back yard was enclosed only by
a chain-link or "cyclone" fence, making it visible to anyone behind the
house or to the side.
    We walked outside, in the warm darkness that only comes to deserts and
remote places in summer.  The moon, in a smaller phase, cast a faint glimmer
around the pool and patio.  I motioned to a recliner-lounge chair near the
pool, and took a single chair nearby.  The girls didn't understand until I
motioned again, sipping my wine.  Shauna laid back, as Jean straddled her
hips in the faint light. Jean's hands cupped the Shauna's larger breasts and
she bent her head to lick and suck.  I sat and watched as Jean, excited by
being watched, and at being "outside" started working her way down towards
that orange triangle.  I wasn't sure Shauna was ready for that and was just
about to suggest something when Jean plunged her head into Shauna's bush.
Shauna gasped and flung her legs wide, wrapping them around Jean's shoulders.
She slid down and lifted her hips up to meet the tounge probing her wetness.
Jean sat down on the lounge chair, cupping Shauna's ass up to her face.  I
stood and moved over to them, lowering the back of the lounge almost fully,
so Shauna could lift her hips higher.
    Jean looked up over Shauna's fiery bush, I think, to see if I was going
to stop them.  I moved up beside Jean and began to talk softly.
    "You like to watch, and you like being watched, don't you?"
    "Um-hmmmm!" Came Jean's muffled reply.
    "She likes...to talk...dirty too," Shauna said as she was obviously not
objecting to her tounging, "like you asked me once.  She told me...she wanted
...to...suck you off...and what to say...to make you cum."
    I eyed this blonde carefully, sizing her up and trying to choose my words
carefully.  She liked to watch or be watched, and dirty talk.
    "If somebody had binoculars, or they were standing just out there in the
desert, they'd see you, naked, sucking that nice redheaded pussy."
    Jean moaned, as if someone had tounged her clit.
    "Maybe they saw me cum in your mouth...saw your tits just drenched with
cum...cock in your mouth, filling your mouth 'til it dripped onto your tits."
    Jean was breathing heavily, still lapping and tounging Shauna's pussy.
    "Now they're watching you tounge Shauna's gooey cunt.  Licking the juices
from her cunt-lips, fucking her with your tounge...I'M watching you eat her
cunt, lapping it up, making your face wet...I'm jacking off while I watch you."
    Shauna could hear me titilating Jean, and her lust allowed her to take her
turn, as she rocked her hips up and down.
    "Yesss, eat me...lick me...suck me...I want to feel your tounge in me."
Shauna was breathing hard. "I want...to cum...while you fuck me with your
tounge... I want to...make...your face wet...I'll rub my...my...cunt...all
over your tits."
    "I'm going to make you stand next to us." I started again. "Watch us fuck
each other good and hard.  You stand there, naked, fingers in your dripping
snatch...watching us fuck.  Then, I'm going to watch as you eat her again...
eat her cum drenched pussy the way she licked cum from your tits..."
    Jean broke away from Shauna, lowering her hips to the lounge chair and
stood suddenly, her eyes glassy and shining even in moonlight.
    "Yesss!" She hissed. "Fuck her cunt hard.  Cum all over her cunt and I'll
stand here naked fingering my clit...licking her snatch, cumming and cumming
and cumming...Oh yessss!  Fuck her damn it!"
    As I moved around, Shauna rolled off the lounge chair, grabbing and kissing
Jean, squeezing a tit hard.  Shauna's hand rubbing the blonde's bush hard
and fast.
    "You wanna cum don't you?" Shauna whispered lustily to her.  "You want to
be outside, naked licking my cunt don't you?"
    Jean fairly cried, "Yes!".
    "NO!" Shauna said firmly. "Kneel down on the chair".
    Both Jean and I were suprised and aroused by little Shauna's bold change.
I had no idea what she was going to do.  Jean kneeled on all fours on the
lounge chair as instructed. Shauna positioned the blonde just the way she
wanted her. She came over to me and moved me behind Jean, aiming my cock into
her warm, wet, slit.  "Now," She warned, as she pushed me deep into Jean's
sopping pussy, "don't move until I tell you."
    Shauna's sudden dominance over us held us both spellbound, waiting for her
next revelation.  She went to the other end of the lounge chair, sitting down
with her legs on either side.  She waited several long moments before she
continued, just looking at us.  I flexed my shaft, deep in Jean's cunt, and
felt her contract in return, telling me that, she too, was excited and eager.
    "First," Shauna started. "We speak normally now, as if nobody could hear
us...no whispering...as if we were in our own bedroom."
    We waited, Jean this time clenched her ring around my cock, causing me to
stiffen and flex in return.  This was beginning to be fun.
    "Second," Shauna addressed Jean, "I want to watch you get fucked.  I want
to SEE him pound your pussy and cum.   Third: You don't touch me.  I want
you to know I'm here, inches from you, but you can't touch me unless I say
you can."
    Jean moaned and said "Bitch."
    "Uh-huh.  I want you to imagine that light in the kitchen over there is
your dad, your brother, and some other guys playing poker like they did when
we were in high school.  Only you're here in the dark back yard."
    Jean's cunt squeezed me tightly as Shauna mentioned her family, then
again as the final fantasy formed.
    Shauna looked at me, laughed huskily, and went on, "I want you to know I'm
watching you fuck her.  I watched you cum all over her tonite, now I'm gonna
watch you cum deep inside her before I eat her pussy.  And last: You can say
anything you want, scream, or laugh.  I want us all to cum over and over and
over again tonight."
    Jean squeezed me again, her hips swaying a bit.
    "Fuck her good for me." Shauna said as we started.
    I pulled back in Jean's pussy, her muscles clenching to try to stop me.
I drove forward, burying my cock deep into her, feeling the head against her
cervix.
    "Oh GOD!" Jean shouted. "FUCK me!"
    "Shhh!" Shauna warned, playing out the fantasy, "You want your dad to find
us out here?"
    Jean's cunt contracted again. I grabbed her hips and plunged into her as
she started to moan with each stroke.
    "C'mon baby, fuck her twat good.  Fill it full of cum.  Grab her naked ass
and fuck her.  She want to be filled with cock tonite."
    Talking in normal voices was almost the same as shouting in the quiet
desert night.  Shauna's voice rang off the walls of the house, seeming to
be amplified.  She leaned backward, legs spread to show her shocking orange
bush, inches from Jeans face and started pulling her nipples while I pounded
that blonde pussy.
    "Oooh, so good isn't it?  Fucking outside?  Spread your legs and let him
fuck your naked cunt deep and hard baby, milk his cock into your pussy.  Make
him fill you up."
    Jean was meeting each thrust, trying to jam my cock and balls into her
pussy. I could feel her cream on my balls.
    "Oh, you're so wet." I crooned to her, "God, you've got such a dripping
wet cunt.  I'd love to have you rub your pussy alllll oveer my face.  Let me
fuck you with my tounge, lick your wet pussy."
    Jean was moaning loudly now, getting ready.  Shauna was playing a differ-
ent tactic, rubbing her pussy, making wet sounds right in Jean's face.  She'd
take her wet fingers and rub them on her thighs, on the blonde's tits, on
her own nipples.  After doing this she finally broke in on my verbalizations.
    "...gonna make you cum, soak your tits again..."
    "Oh, Jean!  I'm so wet for your tounge!  My cunt is aching to have you eat
me. I want to feel your hot tounge.  Let me cum in your mouth.  Let me gush
my cunt all over your face. Eat me!  C'mon bury your fucking face in my cunt!
Suck my cunt!" Shauna was losing control of herself too.  Her hips were buck-
ing up to Jean's lips.
    Jean's pussy was clenching and grasping at my cock even as she dove into
Shauna's snatch. I could hear her moaning now, lapping Shauna into a fenzy.
I slowed my pace, trying to prolong my pleasure as well as theirs.  Shauna
looked at me, past Jean's tangled blonde hair.
    "Ohh, Fuck, we're all such sluts!  Eat me baby, lick me, yesss!" Shauna
cried.
    "Shhh!" I pretened. "Not so loud, you wanna get us caught?"
    Jean raised her head, shoving several fingers into Shauna's sopping pussy,
she backed down onto my cock.  Turning her head as she pumped us both, she
said "I don't CARE if they catch us!  Fuck my CUNT!  FUCK me!  God I wanna
make you both cum!  Shauna; rub your juice on me, make me wet, soak me with
your pussy!"
    "GOD!" Shauna cried. "What a fucking slut you are!  Naked and fucking in
your back yard where your parents can catch you, begging me to rub my sopping
wet cunt all over your face!  Jeez are you a dirty bitch!"
    "Who's the naked fucking slut who's been shoving her cunt in my face all
night?  What cum-drenched slut stood there and fingered her twat while I was
cumming?  Who told me she'd get off sucking cum from my cunt?" Jean hissed
back.
    "Ohhh baby, eat me now!" Shauna pleaded.
    Jean just kept fingering her slit, making her thrash, not letting her
reach orgasm.
    "Not yet bitch.  I want you nice and horny to eat me later." Jean said in
a voice dripping with lust. "I bet you love it up the ass don't you?  Do you
like his cock in your ass?"
    We'd never tried it, but Jean slipped her wet thumb into Shauna's ass as
she kept fingering her.  Shauna gasped, then clenched her tits in her hands
an moaned.
    "You like my thumb in your ass?" Jean hissed. "I love to be fucked in the
ass." Then to me, "I want you in my asshole. Fuck my ass.  Fill it with your
fucking big cock.  Cum in my ass."
    I couldn't resist the invitation, and I pulled my cock from her pussy, her
juice dripping from the head.  I rubbed the head of my cock against her small
brown nether hole, pushing gently.  Jean relaxed and I eased up her ass. I
could feel her hot pussy even inside her ass.
    "Ooohhh yeaah!  Slide that cock...up my ass...fuck my ass."
    Jean bent her head down and sucked on Shauna.  I slowly started moving in
and out of Jean's tight hole, feeling my balls sticking to her wet pussy
below. As I moved faster, her juice on my balls started trickling down and
dripping off onto the lounge.
    "Ohh God Shauna!" I moaned. "My cock is buried alll the way in her ass. I'm
deep inside her asshole, fucking her for you!"
    "I'm gonna cum!" Shauna shouted. "Make me cum!"
    "Yesss!" Jean cried. "Make your pussy juicy and wet for my tounge!"
    Shauna thrashed and came, Jean locking her lips around her clit.  Shauna
panted and shouted loudly as she came long and hard.
    "Ohhh GOD!  Ohhh GOD!  I'mmm cuummmmming!!"
    As Shauna's orgasm subsided, I started pumping Jean's ass harder and fast-
er. My balls, the sacks hanging low in the hot air, slapped her cunt wetly,
forcing grunting noises from her.  I was on the verge of firing my cum deep
into her ass, but trying to make her cum first.
    Shauna recovered quickly and even kept the fantasy going as she moved to
lay underneath Jean and tounge her dripping slit.
    "Oh god I hope your dad doesn't catch us!" She said. "If he came out here
and saw you, naked, your cunt creaming all over, your face wet with my cunt
juice...if he saw you getting butt-fucked as I ate your juicy wet cunt...
if your dad and brother came out and saw you drenched in sweat and cum with
me eating your pussy, your asshole being fucked hard...Oh I hope they don't
catch us!"
    "I don't CARE.  FUCK ME. FUCK MY ASS!!  CUM IN MY ASS, CUM ALL OVER ME!
EAT ME BITCH, SUCK MY PUSSY!!"  Jean was yelling now, fantasy gone, trying
to reach her orgasm.
    Shauna licked her clit. As I moved forward, she grabbed my balls and she
started rubbing them against Jean's wetness.  She tried to stuff them into
her pussy, but their slick wetness hindered her.
    On the verge of my own orgasm, my voice strange with carnal lust, I tried
to drive Jean over the edge.
    "Ok bitch, You want me to cum?" I panted. "I'm gonna cum deep in your ass;
I'm gonna pull out and shoot hot cum all over your ass and cunt while she's
sucking your clit.  I'm gonna soak you with gallons of hot sperm!! I'm gonna
make you in cum!!"
    "Soak me!  SOAK me!  SOAK ME!  Ahhhhhhnnn" Jean shouted as she started to
come.  Her hips bent down, Shauna nibbling her clit as she came.
    Feeling my own impending flood, I pulled out of Jean's ass, and as I
looked down, seeing Shauna's red hair, her face buried in Jean's pussy, a
wet sheen on her cheeks, I came.  Holding my cock, I aimed the first spurt at
Jean's asshole, squirting hot liquid onto it, and some running up the crack
of her ass towards her back.  The next surge landed at the bottom of Jean's
slit, running downwards toward her clit and Shauna's tounge.  The next one
followed the first, landing on her pussy-lips and flowing down.  I leaned
forward, pushing Jean's ass down and pumped several more streams onto Shauna's
tits and chest, then I sat back and watched as Shauna greedily licked the
blonde hairs clean.
    After a quick dip in a very cold pool, we laid out a blanket an the three
of us cuddled and talked.  I told Shauna I was suprised to find that she so
easily accepted kissing and sucking Jean.  They giggled and told me that they
had tried it once before, but fear had gotten in the way.  Jean had known
since she was 15 that she liked to watch or be watched, when she and her
boyfriend parked with another couple in the mountains.   That was when she
had the most intense orgasm of her life up to that point.  Afterwards, making
it in private had become boring.  She'd cum, but not as intensely.  We all
discussed our favorite "kinks" and slowly fell asleep together.
    The coolness just before dawn woke us, and as the first light of the new
day began to creep up, three naked people lay outside by the pool, arms and
legs intertwined.  Each of us took turns running to the bathroom, returning
to the patio.  This time, Shauna was on her knees, and we were going to get
"caught" by the sunrise.  As I stroked deep into Shauna's pussy, Jean laid
back, making herself wet in front of Shauna's face, using the same taunts
to Shauna as she had used against Jean.
    "See how wet I am?" Jean hissed at Shauna. "I'm watching a naked slut get
fucked in her backyard.  You'd better cum before your dad gets up and sees
you out here, on you knees getting fucked!"
    "She loves this." I said to Jean. "She loves having a thick cock pumping
her hot, dripping slit.  She loves to suck your pussy while she gets fucked."
    Shauna moaned, grinding her pussy against me.
    "Yesss, I be she does." Jean continued. "I bet you've gone home late at
night after fucking him, your cunt still wet and filled with cream.   You
sneak upstarirs into your room, get naked and finger your wet cunt, tasting
his cum, don't you?"
    Shauna's pussy tightened around my cock, making me flex hard against her
ring of muscles.  We both moaned.  The sun was making the skies light enough
that we could barely see the outline of the nearest house in the distance.
As yet, no lights burned from within those windows.
    "I hope your dad sleeps late today." Jean went on, still keeping the
fantasy of "capture" alive. "If he catches you out here, naked, your tits
bouncing as he fucks your wet cunt, my juice on your face, ohhh, if he does
catch you!  Standing there looking at you, naked with cum all over your face
and ass, and cunt, ohh!"
    Shauna was breathing harder, and I could feel my cock swelling up inside
her.  Jean was sitting back, her pussy only about two inches from Shauna's
lips.  I decided to change the subject.
    "Its getting lighter." I said to them. "That house over there has people
in it. Pretty soon, they'll get up and look out the window and see us over
here.  They'll see three naked bodies, sucking each other and fucking."
    Jean moaned and Shauna dove into her bush, uninvited.  Jean didn't bother
to protest as Shauna stuck her tounge deep into her gash.  Jean was hissing
and humming her approval of Shauna's tounging.
    "They'll look out here and see you two tounging each other's dripping wet
pussies, as I fuck Shauna's dripping wet snatch.  As my cock plunges into
her they'll see her tits move. They'll seen Jean's hips bucking as she cums
all over Shauna's face.  They'll get all hot and wet just watching us."
    The first rays of real sunlight started to appear in the eastern sky. The
sky, still dark to the west was turning a light pink against the sun. I could
now see that there was what looked like a bicycle against the near wall of
the neighbor's house.  Too, I could see Shauna's orange hair around the bottom
of her cunt, her swollen lips caressing my cock as it pulled back, plunged in.
    Jean let go with a torrent of dirty talk, as Shauna was apparently bringing
her to the brink.
    "Yesss, suck it bitch.  Eat that pussy.  C'mon you slut make me cum; cum
in your mouth!  You want it don't you?  You want to taste my cum?  Fuck me
with your tounge!  I'll cum in your mouth like you did to me.  FUCK!  Don't
TEASE ME!  I wanna cum!  CUM!  MAKE ME CUM!"
    I started fucking Shauna hard and fast, hoping to make us come with Jean.
Cool morning breezes stirred, wafting over us, caressing our damp areas and
making us all feel very naked and lusty.
    Jean's hips rose up, her hands grabbing Shauna's red hair, pulling her
face into her pussy.  I slowed my pace, letting them enjoy their sensations.
Shauna was pulling hard on Jean's nipples, streching her small delicate tits
up to the sky.  Shauna lifted her face and started to fuck my cock with an
animalistic fevor.
    "Yess. Fuck your twat.  Fuck your slut hard." She moaned. "Make me feel
your cum shooting in me.  I want your cum.  I want your cum to make me wet.
My pussy's sooo hot and wet!  Shove your cock in my cunt and FUCK ME!"
    Jean got up and stood, fondling Shauna's tits.  She looked up, then said
"Someone just walked out and back into that house overthere.  I think he just
picked up the paper."
    I hadn't even thought about a paper boy, but fortunately, by the time the
street got close enough, you couldn't see into the back yard.  The kitchen of
the neighbor's house must have been on the other side as no lights came on
that we could see (or they watched in the fading darkness). The sky was now
getting brighter behind me, as the sun fought off the darkness of the night,
winning its battle like it has for so many aeons.
    All heads had turned toward the neighbor's house, but still no lights, when
an idea occured to me.  To Shauna, I said,
    "You're such a hot little slut, you make me want to cum.  Let's put on a
show for the neighbors if they're watching."
    "Oh yessss." She said as my cock bumped her cervix.
    I had Jean move the lounge chair an lay down, her legs spread towards the
neighbor's house.  Then I had Shauna lower her steaming pussy onto her face,
again facing the house.  As Jean licked, Shauna looked from the house to me
and back.
    "What now?" She said, closing her eyes as Jean sent a shiver through her.
    "Suck me off." I said, standing just out of reach.
    She leaned for my cock, and I moved towards her slowly, finally letting
her taste only the tip.  I teased and toyed until she became petulant about
it, rocking her hips to her own impending orgasm.
    "Let me suck you!" She demanded.
    I gave it too her and let her suck me into her warm mouth.  My cock was
still wet with her juice, cool where the morning air caressed it, warm where
her mouth was.
    "Spread your legs wide, Jean." I demanded.  "Show them how wet your cunt
is. Show them how wet you get when you eat Shauna's pussy.  Grab her hips
an suck on her cunt!  Drink her sweet cream.  Make her cum in your mouth!"
    Jean's legs were wide open, her love hole leaking it's own fresh cream,
her hands pulling Shauna's hips down against her face.
    "Mmmmm.  Make me come in your mouth, Shauna." I kept up the talk. "Suck
that cock and make it spurt that hot jism all over your face.  You want them
to see what a hot mouth you have?  See you naked, cum in your mouth while
Jean makes you cream on her face...your tits heaving and covered with hot,
wet, creamy cum??"
    Shauna was about to burst as her ass twitched and she rocked herself
against Jean's face.
    "Shoot your jism all over me.  Cover me. Give me a cum bath!" She cried as
her cunt contracted, as she shuddered.
    "Cum on my tits.  Soak me!  Hot cum...all over me...pleassse...now! Cum on
me!  Cum with meee...Shoot your sperm...in my mouth...face...cunt!  Give me
your CUM!"
    Her blue eyes were half-lidded and glassy as she looked up at me, pleading
for me to come with her. I had removed her hand and was jacking myself off
with abandon, almost there.  But it was Jean's comment from between Shauna's
thighs that caused me to explode.
    "Yesss babee! Tell us you'll be our cum-covered little slut!"
    Jean's comment; something about the way she used "us" and "our" tweaked my
button.  Before Shauna could repeat the words I let loose a torrent of welled
up sperm.  She was just cumming too, and her mouth was open as I splashed my
first spurt on her face and lips.  As the second surge came, she was licking
her lips, hanging her tounge out like in a porno movie as I unleashed a long
stream onto her tits and neck.  She leaned forward, grasping for my cock,
mouth open, tounge still out and still inches from the head when another
burst of hot sticky cream splashed over her tounge and lips.  Sucking me into
her mouth, I felt three more spurts come on their own before she started to
pump and milk my shaft.
    Watching as she sucked, I saw Jean slide out from under her and crawl back
up the chair on all fours, her fine ass pointing to the neighbor's house, her
blonde hair, tangled and damp falling about her shoulders.  Shauna's hand
brought strands of sticky cream away from her lips as she continued to milk
the last drops from me.  Jean took my deflating cock into her mouth and she
sucked and licked greedily.
    "Ohhh, you're BOTH sooo good." I panted.
    Letting go of my empty cock, she turned to Shauna, her hips still rocking
for a tounge that wasn't there, her face wet and shiny in the morning sun,
and kissed her hard on the mouth.  Moans came from both as they embraced,
and, as I learned later, swapping the cum back and forth on their tounges
until they both swallowed what they had.
    Sitting back to catch my breath, I saw no lights in the other house, and
looked at "my" girls. Jean was trying to lick Shauna's tits clean, but it
was "shy" Shauna that was rubbing her wet tits all over Jean's face.  Jean
had her hand in Shauna's bush, rubbing her moist mound.
    "You're STILL horny?" I asked Shauna.
    Her response was a look that still stiffens my cock.  Her half-lidded blue
eyes, glassy, her lips parted as if to moan, nipples erect and hard.  Her
words told the whole story -- I'd cum too late, or Jean had tried too hard.
    "I want to CUM AGAIN!  Please.  Make me cum again!  CUM in my mouth again!
Cum in my pussy!  Pleasssee?" Shauna pleaded.
    Shauna had her first session of multiple orgasms, and she wanted more. She
had cum with Jean's tounge and again when I did.  She didn't want to stop.
    We took her inside, to bed, and Jean and I took turns tounging and teasing
her to different levels of estacy, making her plead for release before we'd
send her over the edge.  Finally sated after six (!!) orgasms in bed, she
watched as Jean and I took turns getting off.  This time, I actually had the
pleasure of cumming deep inside Jean's cunt, laying quietly as we all cuddled
together.
    It was Shauna, at about nine-thirty in the morning who announced with a
smile, and a hand between both our legs that she was horny again.

    What is it about redheads anyway?!?

    -- Good nite and wet dreams --
--
