     We just came back from a date.  You took me to a lovely
dinner at Roy's Restaurant in Hawaii Kai, then we stopped to
watch the moonlight dance over the ocean as the waves lap on
the shore.  I don't get out much to nice restaurants, and I've
had a wonderful time.  We've gone out on dates several times
now, and you can sense that I'm attracted to you.  So you're
more than interested when I invite you up to my apartment to
chat for awhile.  My roommate is out with her boyfriend, so we
have the place to ourselves.  I've already told you I'm single
and not seeing anyone.  You're attracted to me, and tonight
I'm making even more clear the feeling is mutual.  We're
sitting chatting on my bed, talking about different things,
classes, people we know, then relationships.  
     You say, "So Pam, what does a guy have to do for you to
really like him?", as you move closer next to me.
     Feeling your closeness I say, "Well, I don't like guys
who think they're the best, or who say I'll be sorry if I
don't go out with them.  And I really hate guys who pretend to
be nice when they really aren't nice and don't care about my
feelings.  Some guys brag they have a 9 inch cock.  I'm not an
expert, but I've never seen a 9 inch cock.  My old boyfriend's
cock was about 5 inches, and it felt fine.  I guess I'm not
asking for much.  I like guys who are nice, like you."  With
that, your heart leaps as I place my hand on your thigh.
     Growing more bold, you gently brush my hair and
shoulders.  You're so close you're almost whispering in my
ear, "Well, I'm glad you think I'm a nice guy.  I don't have a
9 inch cock, but I think I know how to use it.  Actually I've
never measured it, and don't really know how long it is.  What
do you think, shall we find out?"
     Feeling my heart beating faster from your gentle touches,
I smile and say "Yes, I think we'd better.  I'm sure you're
cock is big enough, but lets find out."
     Sensing victory, you gently kiss me on the lips, and take
me in your arms.  You feel my body go limp as I surrender to
you.  As you kiss me, your hands wander over my body, along my
shoulders and brushing against my firm breasts.  You reach
behind my dress and pull down my zipper. My hand wanders over
your strong shoulders and chest.   Then one hand reaches
between your legs, exploring your manhood.  You've unhooked my
bra, and pull the straps along with my dress down over my
naked shoulders, to expose the flesh of my breasts.  I lay
back on my bed with my dress still around my waist, topless,
as you lean over to massage one breast in your hands and
gently lick my other breast.  "OOOHHHHH!  That feels good.", I
moan, as you lick my sensitive nipple with your warm tongue,
and play with my other nipple with your fingers.  I stroke the
back of your head, encouraging you on.
     After awhile, you sit up and pull my dress further down. 
I help by lifting my hips up, and in a moment my dress is in a
crumpled heap on the floor.  I lift my hips up again as you
remove my panties, leaving me completely naked.  You pause a
moment to admire my naked body, then you lean forward while
spreading my legs open to expose my pussy.  Gently you begin
licking me between the legs.  "OOOOOHHHHHH!!!", I gasp in
surprise as your warm tongue touches my sensitive pussy lips. 
"That's really sensitive, but feels nice."  Your tongue
strokes my pussy up and down, and you notice the moistness as
my pussy juices start flowing.  "MMMMmmmmmm, that feels soooo
goooood!", I moan, as my body wriggles with pleasure.
     You stop to get undressed, first your shirt, then your
pants, and then your underwear.  I'm watching, excited at
seeing your muscular body.  Now you're standing in front of me
as naked as I am.  I sit up in front of your cock, and take it
gently in my hands.  It's already erect and ready for action. 
I gently rub it up and down with my fingers.  Then I take your
big cock between my lips, and let is slide in and out.  You
feel my warm, moist lips running up and down your sensitive
shaft, feeling wonderful pleasures as I suck on your cock! 
You hold my head in your hands as you pump your hips forward,
forcing your hard cock further inside my willing mouth!  Your
pumping cock thrusts further and further inside my mouth, and
soon your shaft enters my throat!  My lips slide up and down
your long shaft, from your cock head down to the base of your
cock by your pubic hair!  "OOOOOHHHHH Pam!  That feels soooooo
wonderful!"  The feeling is incredible!  You feel my warm,
moist lips and throat encircle your long shaft, as your
manhood slides in and out, sending incredible sensations
through your loins!  You know if we keep this up, you'll soon
cum down my throat!  Not a bad idea, but you want to fuck me.
     Pulling your big cock from my hungry lips, you make me
lie on my back and spread my legs.  I see what you're trying
to do, and I willingly open my pussy to you.  You position
yourself over me, with your big cock just touching my pussy
lips!  Then slowly and gently you thrust your hips forward,
driving your thick shaft between my legs and into my wet,
sensitive pussy!  "OOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!!!!", I moan, as your big
cock penetrates my most private area.  I feel so weak and
vulnerable, as you pump your thick shaft its entire length
into my helpless pussy!  Each stroke of your wonderful cock
sends shivers of pleasure through my loin, driving me wild
with ecstasy!  "OOOHHH YYYEEESSS!", I moan deliriously,
"YYYEEESSS!! That feels soooo goooood!"  You're pumping your
big cock in long, even strokes into my pussy, and I can only
wriggle and moan with pleasure!  I try to stretch my legs
wider, completely opening up my helpless pussy to your attack! 
You reach down and begin rubbing my clit with your fingers,
sending me deliriously wild with the intense sensations! 
     Your pumping cock and fingers playing with my clit drives
me wild with ecstasy!  I'm wriggling and moaning, barely able
to stand it! "Oh!  Oh yeah!  Keep doing that!  Yes!  It feels
so good!  Oh yeah!  Fuck me!  Pump your hard cock in my pussy! 
Oh yeah!  Yes, like that!  Harder!  Pump me harder!  Oh yeah,
fuck me!  Oh, your fingers feel so good!  Rub my clit!  Oh
yeah, rub my clit!  That feels so good, don't stop!  Oh yeah,
pump me!  Fuck me!  Oh, you're going to make me cum!  I'm
getting close!  Oh yeah, that feels so good!  Fuck me!  Oh
yeah, fuck me!  I'm almost there!  I'm ready!  Oh yeah, I'm
going to cum!  Rub my clit!  Oh yeah, fuck me!  Don't stop! 
I'm going to cum!  Oh yeah, I'm going to cum!  Oh!  Oh yeah! 
Here it cums!  Oh yeah, here it cums!  Oh!  Oh yeah!  Don't
stop!  Oh yeah! OOOOHHH!!!! OOOOHHHH!!! I'm cumming!  Oh yeah,
I'm cumming!!!  AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!  Don't stop!  I'm
cumming!!!!  AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!"
     My body stiffens and spasms as my orgasm takes control! 
I'm delirious with ecstasy, oblivious to everything except my
intense orgasm!  You feel my cunt muscles tighten around your
hard, pumping cock, sending wild sensations through your
loins!  The intense sensations are enough to send you over the
edge!  You feel the building pressure deep in your balls
finally explode as you reach your own orgasm!  Spurt after
spurt, you pump your warm sticky cum deep inside my pussy! 
Gobs of your thick cream fill my pussy, as you pump on and on! 
You wish you could keep pumping your cum into me forever! 
Finally your orgasm ends, but you keep squeezing, trying to
pump every last drop of cum deep inside my sopping wet pussy!
     "Oh Pam, you were great!", you whisper as you lay on me. 
I'm still gently moaning, reveling in my wonderful orgasm. 
I'm so tired, I can't move, but I'm gently stroking the back
of your head and your shoulders, completely satisfied.  We
drift off to sleep.  I never did get around to measuring your
cock.  Maybe later.  Right now your size doesn't matter.
