Pamela and the toyman.
Original Compositon
The Weatherman
May - 1994

Chapter One

Pamela walked into the bedroom and closed the blinds.  Another 
uneventful week at the library was over and now she was free to relax.  
Her mind drifted to Jonathan.  She hated to admit it, but he had really 
gotten to her.  She kicked off her shoes,  stepped out of her dress and 
walked to the mirror.  Hiding under her quiet exterior, Pamela was 
wearing her favorite leather corset and stockings.  She admired her form 
and wondered what Jonathan would do when she told him how much 
into bondage she was.  She yearned to tell him, but something had always 
held her back.  Why did he have such a hold over her?  He was the most 
straight laced boyfriend she had ever had.  For god's sake he ran a toy 
company.  

'Not toys' he always said, 'personal electronics.'  OK whatever.  Of 
course he WAS gorgeous...and intelligent...and witty and... there she went 
again...

Pamela, opened her eyes and looked at her reflection in the mirror.  She 
had been playing with herself and not even noticed.  Jesus, she must have 
really stepped over the edge for this guy.  She was so scared of losing 
him.  Normally, in every other relationship she had been involved in, she 
was the one in control.  But this was different.  All she wanted was for 
Jonathon to take control.  Complete control.  The thought sent shivers 
down her spine.

She knew that eventually he would figure out that she was kinky.  She was 
amazed that he hadn't already.  He seemingly hadn't picked up on any of 
her signals.  He hadn't even noticed the pair of handcuffs that she had left 
on the bed "by accident".  She wondered how a man could be so 
intelligent and so dense at the same time?

The doorbell rang and it brought Pamela out of her trance.

"Hold on!" she said throwing on a long robe.  She walked to the door and 
looked through the peephole.  It was Federal Express.  She put on the 
door chain and opened the door.

'Delivery for you.  Here.' the young Fed Ex man said, as he handed her a 
small box.  'Line twelve.  Have a good evening.'

'Thank you.'  Pamela said closing the door.  She walked over to the couch 
and sat down.  The package was quite heavy; though small, it was about 
the size of a video cassette.  It was from Jonathan.  She ripped it open.  
She was never one for carefully opening packages.  Inside was a plush 
dark blue jewelry box and a note.

'I made these especially for you.  Wear them tonight with something 
arousing.  Can't wait to see you.'  Love Jonathan.

Pamela opened the box to reveal two beautiful bracelets.  She picked one 
up and examined it closely.  They looked like they were made of silver 
but they didn't feel like silver.  They were much heavier.  As she picked 
it up it folded over in her hand.  It wasn't one solid piece of metal like 
she had thought at first. It was made up of tiny thin plates attached very 
closely together.  Each bracelet was about an inch and a half wide and 1/8 
of an inch thick.  The closure was quite unusual too.  At one end of the 
bracelet were little rods that fit into matching receptacles on the other 
end.  Pamela reread the note.  Jonathan said he had MADE these.  He was 
unbelievable.

She laid one of the bracelets over her wrist and it enveloped it.  She 
gently pushed the ends together and they clicked shut, forming one solid 
band around her wrist.  The closure was so well made that once it 
fastened together, she couldn't tell where the bracelet ended and where it 
began.  She put the other on as well and looked in the mirror.  They were 
truly beautiful.  She thought back to the note.

'Something arousing?'  She said aloud, putting her hands on her hips.  
'You don't know what provocative is Jon.  But you will.'

Pamela, gingerly removed the bracelets and put them back in the box.  
She took a shower, carefully styled her hair and put on her makeup.  
Then she walked into the closet and opened the bottom drawer.  Inside 
was all of her really "kinky" lingerie.  She hadn't worn any of this for 
Jonathan until now.  She decided that this would be the night that she 
would come clean.  And to put him in the proper mood, Pamela picked 
out her most provocative white teddy.  It was made of a stretchy patent 
material and it was extremely tight.  To compliment her teddy, Pamela 
pulled out her very favorite pair of white patent leather pumps.  They 
were handmade European imports with five inch stiletto heels and thin 
ankle straps.  She also grabbed a brand new pair of white lace top 
stockings and as an afterthought, a pair of long white patent gloves.

She walked out of the closet and laid the items on the bed.  Then she sat 
down on the edge of the bed and pulled up each stocking in turn, over her 
smooth, tan legs.  These particular stockings were extra tall, allowing her 
to wear them with her very shortest skirts.  Of course she did tend to get 
some long admiring glances from men and some women as she went up 
stairs or sat down.  -But that was all part of the fun.  She loved to tease.

Next came the teddy.  It was always a bitch to get on.  She struggled with 
it and got it over her hips and eventually all the way on.  It glistened and 
clung to her every form like white liquid glue that had yet to harden.  
Then she reached down, picked up her shoes and put them on.  She loved 
to wear high heels.  She owned so many pairs that she felt like Emelda 
Marcos.  She could tell that Jonathan appreciated her wearing them too.  
The other night at the restaurant, she had noticed him staring at her feet.  
Yes, she was sure that he would notice these tonight.

Pamela went back to the closet.  She had decided to wear her favorite 
white mini dress.  It was made of a stretchy nylon / lycra material that 
showed every curve of her sumptuous body.  She slid it on, stepped out of 
the closet and looked in the mirror.  The tops of her stockings were just 
barely peeking out from below the hem of her dress.

'Perfect.' she thought as she admired herself in the mirror.  'He will turn 
to butter in my hands.'

She turned to the bed, picked up the gloves and slid them on.  They were 
very tight and gave her outfit that final kinky touch she was looking for.  
The last thing to go on were the bracelets.  She carefully took them out of 
the box and put them on.  They looked great.  Jon would be impressed.  
She glanced at the time and found she was late.  She grabbed her handbag 
and dashed out the front door.

Pamela drove up the long driveway to Jonathan's house and parked next 
to his restored Lotus Europa.  She took one final look at herself in the 
rearview mirror and put on fresh lipstick.  After get out of the car, she 
pulled the hem of her dress down and then walked up to the door of Jon's 
sizable home.  Jonathan Gatts had certainly done well for himself.  He had 
parlayed a small investment into a huge multi-million dollar company.  
He designed and built some of the top selling, most expensive, executive 
toys on the market.  Intricate, one of a kind gadgets, that rich 
entrepreneurs with vast amounts of disposable income loved to buy.

Pamela walked up to the door and rang the bell.  Marie must have been 
waiting by the door because she answered it immediately.  Marie was 
Jon's maid.  She was in America studying at the University for a degree 
in psychology.  Jon insisted that their relationship was purely 
professional, but Pamela had her doubts.  Maybe it was because Marie 
was so damn beautiful.  Or that she insisted on wearing short skirts and 
high heels to do the house work.  Maybe it was her cute French accent.  
There were alot of maybes.  Basically, Pamela couldn't imagine anyone, 
given any extended periold of time around her, that would be able to keep 
their hands to themselves.  It was like Marie had a sign on her that said, 
"I'll do anything, just ask".

''ello Ma'm'selle, come in.  Ooo you look very beautiful today.'

'Thank you, Marie.'  Where is Jonathan?'

'Monsieur Gatt ees downstairs.  'e's been tinkering down there for 
weeks.'

'Pamela!' Jonathan said entering the room.  He looked very suave with in 
his Armani suit and dark tan as he effortlessly drifted across the room.

'Jon!' Pamela said kissing him passionately.

'You look stunning...extraordinary..and the gloves..'

'Why thank you.  I'm glad you like my outfit.  I picked it out specially to 
match these gorgeous bracelets -thank you very much.'

'Marie, why don't you get Pamela some champagne and then you can 
retire for the evening.'

'Oui, Monsieur.'  Marie went away and came back with a bottle of chilled 
champagne and a couple of glasses.  She served them and went upstairs.

'Oh, Jon, I love you.'  Pamela said, taking a sip and then enjoying a long 
kiss.

Jon looked her in the eyes and whispered, 'I love you too.  I have a very 
special evening planned for you.  Do you want to play a little game?'

'What type of game?' Pamela  said, grinning.

'A little fantasy game.'

Sounded intriguing.  'I'd love to.'

'Great.  Now here is the one and only rule.  If you want to stop at 
anytime, all you have to do is make a make a signal.

'What kind of signal?'

'A shave and a haircut' Jonathan said.

'You mean 'Tap>...<tap><tap><Tap>...<Tap>?' Pamela asked tapping on 
the table.

Yes.  Of course you don't have to tap it.  You can't grunt it or sing it if 
you wish.  That's all you need to do and the game will be over.  OK?'

'I'm ready when you are.' she said putting her hands by her hands on her 
hips.

Jonathan reached into the pocket of his jacket and pulled out a small thin 
device about the size of a credit card.  He pointed it at her and pushed a 
button.

Suddenly, the bracelets tightened around her wrists.  Pamela looked down 
just in time to see her wrists being forced behind her back.  Pamela tried 
to pull her wrists back, but it was too late.  The bracelets had already 
come together behind her back.  Held together by some sort of strong 
magnetic force.  She tried to pull them apart, but they wouldn't budge.  It 
was as if they were welded together.  She tried to wrest her hands free of 
the bracelets but they had locked shut around her wrists and would not 
open.

As she continued to struggle, Jonathan walked behind her, and pull her to 
him, his hands beginning to explore her defenseless body.  Pamela 
stopped struggling and tilted her head back toward him.

'Very devious Jonathan.  OK, now you've had your fun, come on, let me 
go.'

'Do you really want me to stop?' Jonathan said quietly as one of his soft 
hands slowly rubbed up and down the outline of her body.

His right hand moved down the outside of her body, then forward 
between her legs.  Pamela instinctively closed her thighs.

'Do you want to stop?' Jonathan said, his hand pulling away.

Pamela closed her eyes, and didn't answer.  She was overwhelmed.  She 
had been taken completely by suprise.  Jonathan was about to fulfill one 
of her deepest fantasies.  Her mind raced through the infinite possibilities 
of what he could do to her....She thought about them...They all excited 
her.

'No...don't stop.' she replied, opening her legs slightly.

Jonathan took the invitation and moved his hand back between her legs.  
She was already wet.  As he massaged her pussy, her breathing became 
heavier and she began to swirm in her captivity.  As soon as she was 
thoroughly worked up, Jonathan stopped caressing her.

'Please don't stop.' Pamela said softly, rubbing her thighs together in an 
attempt to make him continue.

But he didn't.  Instead, he pulled his hand from between her legs, reached 
into his coat pocket and pulled out a pair of scissors.  Without warning, 
he reached down, grabbed the hem line of her dress with one hand and 
began cutting upward with the other, slowly shearing her dress in half.  
Pamela tried to twist away, but he his left hand had a firm hold of her 
dress.

'Don't do that!' she exclaimed. 'You're ruining one of my favorite 
dresses!  Please no...'

Jonathan didn't stop, he just ignored her and continued cutting.  When he 
reached her breasts he stopped, grabbed the dress in both hands and 
ripped it apart, revealing her white patent teddy.  He then cut away the 
shoulders and the dress fell away, bunching up in a heap around her 
ankles.  Jonathan stepped back a few feet and took in the view.

'You are the most beautiful woman, I have ever known.' He said, slowly 
taking in the sight of her.  'Tonight you belong to me.  Come here.'

Pamela looked down at what was left of her dress and then back at 
Jonathan.  Then she slowly walked to him, accentuating each step.

'Turn around.'

Pamela obeyed and Jonathan reached in his pocket and pulled out a 
leather blindfold.  It was large and had a hole cut out for her nose.  When 
Pamela saw the blindfold she began to protest, but Jonathan put it on 
anyway.  Inside the blindfold were two soft pads that covered her eyes, 
making it impossible for her to cheat and look down the edge of her nose.  
Jonathan tightened the strap behind her head and walked away.  Pamela, 
push up on the blindfold with her upper lip trying to see if she could 
move it enough to see some light.  But it was too cunningly constructed.  
She was completely blind.

It had grown suddenly quiet.  Every sound was magnified.  She could 
hear the rustling of her stockings as she moved her legs back and forth.  
She could hear her breathing, quick and shallow.  She could even hear 
her heartbeat.  Everything was still.

Then she heard the unmistakable sound of high heels on the hardwood 
floor.  

'Ma'm'selle ' in a little pickle, non?'  Marie said, stopping in front of 
her.

'Marie!' Pamela exclaimed, as she felt Marie's hand softly caress her 
breast. 'Oh god!'

'I love your outfit.  So smooth.  So very tight.  ..Ooo and so wet,
I t'ink Ma'm'selle likes to be tied up, non?'

Pamela didn't answer and tried to turn away, but Marie had a firm hold 
of her arm.  She struggled in earnest now, trying to pull her hands from 
the bracelets but it was no use.  She was helpless.  Her mind was racing.  
This was not what she had expected.  Marie's presence had taken 
everything to another plane.  The feeling of helplessness was somehow 
much more real now.  She was more than a little scared, but....it excited 
her.

'Ma'm'selle not like zee beautiful bracelets now?' Marie said, commenting 
on Pamela's renewed efforts to remove them.  'I t'ink Ma'm'selle able to 
move too much.'

She heard Marie walk away and after a short time return.  She heard a 
thud as Marie dropped what she was carrying onto a nearby chair.

'First t'ings first.'  Marie said.

Something cold was put around her neck.  It was a collar.  It had the 
smell of fresh leather.  Pamela felt it tighten around her neck, and heard 
the familiar click of a lease being attached to it.

Marie grabbed the leash close to the collar and pulled Pamela face close to 
her own.

'I t'ink you will find my tastes in bondage ' little more stringent than 
Monsieur Gatts.' she said, and then kissed her hard on the lips, her tongue 
darting in for the briefest of moments.  Pamela moved forward in 
response but it was over.  Marie let go of the collar and walked over to 
the chair.  'Turn around.'

Pamela felt disoriented, but obeyed.  She heard the sound of Marie 
doubling a piece of rope.  Then she felt her loop it around her elbows.  
She felt the ropes tighten, forcing her elbows together until they touched 
behind her back.

'Ma'm'selle ees flexible, non?'  Marie said, as she looped the rope around 
her upper arms a few times and then cinched it off.  'Bon.  Ma'm'selle 
need to be flexible tonight.'

Pamela heard the sound of chains rattling and then felt the leg irons close 
around her slender ankles.

'Spread you legs.' Marie commanded, opening the snap on Pamela's 
teddy.  Pamela flinched as she felt something small being inserted into her 
pussy.

'What are you doing?  What is that?'

'That's for later.' Marie said, snapping the crotch of her teddy closed 
again and grabbing another length of rope.

She doubled it and pulled it around Pamela's waist.  Then she fed the ends 
through the loop she created.  Tightening it, she fed the ends between 
Pamela's legs, and then up between and over her elbow ropes..  Marie 
smiled wickedly, as she began to pull down on the rope slowly, forcing 
Pamela's elbows downward and the crotchrope upward.

'What are you doing?!  Pamela squeeled as the crotchrope slowly 
tightened forcing it's way deep into her aching pussy.  'Oh!...OH!'

'Uncomfortable, non?  Tres bon....'  Marie said, making a knot and then 
feeding the two ends tightly around the outside of Pamela's 
shoulders...then crossing behind her neck...then forward around the sides 
of her neck...then down, crossing again under each breast and back to her 
elbows.  She made a couple more tight turns around her torso and began 
to tie it off.

'Thees make Ma'm'selle stand up very straight' she said, taking in some 
slack.

'Ouch!  Does it really have to be this tight?  I can barely move.' Pamela 
wimpered struggling.

'But of course, Ma'm'selle.  We wouldn't want you to get free, would 
we?'

Marie finished tying off the ropes and walked around in front of Pamela.  
She gave an experimental tug on the crotch rope which brought the 
desired cry of distress, and then grabbed the leash.

'Come with me.'

Then, with a tug on the leash, Pamela was slowly led across the room.  
She found it extremely difficult to balance in the dark in such high heels, 
with her hands tied behind her back.  The leg irons only allow her to 
make small steps which made her quite wobbly.  Once she almost fell 
over, but helping hands steadied her.  A door was opened and she was led 
into the next room.

'Eeet's time for Ma'm'selle to have some....fun...non?.'

