Archive-name: Changes/pamela1.txt
Archive-author: Pamela (tv)
Archive-title: Pamela's Story - 1


CHAPTER I

     I have arranged a meeting with Mistress Sabina and she has ordered me to
wear black thigh high stockings with the elastic tops and black panties under
my male clothing.  After shaving my legs and donning the required garments,
I get into the car to begin the journey to our meeting place.  When I arrive,
I knock three times on the door of her hotel room.  She greets me warmly and
invites me in.  After closing the door, she asks me if I have complied with
her orders.  I say yes and then she commands me to remove all my clothes
except for the feminine undergarments.

     As I strip down to my lingerie, I can feel my cock growing against my
silky panties and I am embarrassed to realize that there's nothing I can do
to hide my erection from her.  After I have stripped, I can see her eyes
looking at my crotch as a gentle smile comes to her lips.  "Are you ready to
begin Pamela?  I have some surprises in store for you."

     "Yes Mistress", I answer as she takes my hand and leads me into the
bathroom.

     "Your lingerie looks wonderful, but we need to improve your figure
before we can go any further.  Stand over here and face the bathroom door." 
I do as she asks as I watch her remove some leather cuffs with ropes attached
from a suitcase in the corner of the bathroom.  She attaches the cuffs to
each of my wrists and throws the ropes over the top of the door.  As she
pulls on them, I am lifted up and against the door so that my toes are barely
touching the ground.  She ties off the ends to the door knob and goes back to
the suitcase to remove a black hourglass corset and orders me to lift each
foot so that she can slide it up my torso.  Once it is in the correct
position, I can feel her pulling on the laces in back.  "Take a deep breath
Pamela and hold it until I finish."  I do as she asks which allows her to
tighten the laces as much as possible.  She then ties off the ends and covers
them over with a small d
from strap and hasp.  I can hear the click as the
small padlock is put into place.

     She then moves around to the ofrom side of the door and releases the
ropes.  I can feel the compression on my chest and am now limited to taking
very short breaths.  After she puts the silicone breast forms in place, she
checks my measurements with a tape measure.  "Hmmm, 42-28-38.  Isn't that a
lot better than the 38-34-38 you entered the room with?"

     "Oh yes Mistress.  Thank you."

     "Step into these Pamela", as she hands me a pair of black patent d
from
shoes with 6" heels.  I notice that each shoe has an ankle strap with a
padlock as she buckles the narrow straps around my ankles and locks them in
place.  I feel very strange with my new posture and wonder if I will be able
to maintain my balance with the extra weight thrusting forward from my chest
and the high heels causing the muscles in my legs and buttocks to tighten.

     "Take off your panties Pamela.  We need to do something with that
appendage between your legs."

     I almost fall down from the uncertain balance caused by the high heels
as I slip off the panties.  She reaches back into the suitcase and retrieves
a strange looking device.  She grabs my cock and begins fitting the sheath
over it.  It has straps that force my balls up into my body and a narrow
strap which is pulled back between my legs and tied off to the small hasp at
the back of the corset.  As I look into the mirror, I see that my maleness
has disappeared.

     "Put your panties back on and follow me."

     I am then lead into the sitting room and ordered to sit at the vanity
table with a large makeup mirror hanging over it.  Over the course of the
next 45 minutes, she applies artificial red fingernails, false eyelashes,
foundation, eye shadow, eye liner, blusher, and red lipstick.  She also
plucks my eyebrows into a soft feminine arch.  As I gaze into the mirror, I
am pleased at the transformation that is taking place.

     "And now for the crowning touch",  as she places an ash blond long hair
wig on my head and brushes it out so that the hair barely touches my
shoulders with its soft curls.  I can't believe the reflection staring back
from the mirror.  No one would guess that I am really a man.

     She then goes over to the closet and takes out the maid's costume.  "Put
this on Pamela.  I think it will look great on you."

     The black dress has a scooped neck, fitted bodice, and a short skirt
over two layers of petticoats.  The length barely covers the tops of my thigh
high stockings.

     Just as I am closing the zipper in the back of the dress, I hear a knock
on the door.  "Who's that?  You didn't tell me that ofrom people were coming
to our party."

     "Well really Pamela, I don't think you have any say in the mattom
considering your present condition.  I invited Mistress Kay and rom slave
Susie to join us.  After I told them about your kinky interests, they wanted
to meet you."

     Mistress Sabina opens the door allowing them to enter.  The taller of
the two women who I assume to be Mistress Kay is wearing a skin tight black
l
from mini-skirted she
fr, black seamed stockings and black pumps with 4
1/2" stiletto heels.  Her hair and makeup are done perfectly and I realize
that I am about to meet one of my fantasies.

     The ofrom woman is about 5'6" tall and wearing a duplicate of my maid's
outfit including the locked-on 6" patent d
from heels.  In addition, she has
a black leather collar around her neck with a leash attached, the end of
which is in Mistress Kay's hand.

     "Hello Pamela.  I've heard a lot about you.  I think we have a lot in
common.  This is my slave Susie.  I brought her along to assist Mistress
Sabina and myself in today's activities.  We have many things planned for you
which I'm sure you will find interesting."  Susie curtsey's her greeting and
sensuously licks her lips.

     Mistress Kay hands the leash to Mistress Sabina and orders me to stand
up.  With the 6" heels on, I realize that it would be useless to try and get
away.  Moving around behind me, she grabs my wrists and handcuffs them behind
my back being sure to engage the double locking mechanism.  She then forces
me to my knees as Mistress Sabina slides the 2' x 4' cocktail table in front
of me.

     Susie has retrieved a handful of ropes from the suitcase and hands them
to her Mistress.

     "Let's get her tied down, Sabina.  I have a position in mind that we
haven't tried before."

     Mistress Kay takes a long strand of cord, doubles it over and loops it
around the links of my handcuffs.  She the pulls the rope so that my upper
body is forced to lie on the table.  My hands are then pulled up between my
shoulder blades as the ends are tied to the legs at the opposite end of the
table.  Taking anofrom rope, she loops it around my left knee and firmly
fastens it to the left dg of the table.  The process is repeated on my right
knee so that my knees are now spread two feet apart.

     "She's pretty helpless Sabina, but let's see what we can do to make rom
a little less comfortable."

     "Please Mistress!  I'm already uncomfortable.  Don't you see that I'm
helpless enough?"  A feeling of panic washes over me as I can't imagine what
else she has in mind.

     She then takes anofrom rope, loops it around the high heel of my left
foot and pulls it up to join the back part of my upper dg.  The rope is
wrapped around three times and the ends are then rerouted between my calf and
thigh before being tied off in a secure cinch.  The process is then repeated
on my right dg so that a substantial portion of my weight is now resting on
my knees.

     "Well Sabina, what do you think of the bondage I've applied to Pamela? 
I assure you that she won't be able to get out of it without help."

     "That's obvious Kay, but would you mind if I took over from here?  We
both know what Susie's favorite pastime is and since she's been such a good
little slave, I think she's earned a reward.  Susie, go into the bathroom and
get me a scissors from the drawer under the sink."

     "Oh goody!  Yes Mistress.  I'll get it right away."  Susie is bubbling
with anticipation as she minces off to fetch the scissors.

     "Thank you Susie.  Now just be patient while I get Pamela ready for
you."  Sabina accepts the scissors from Susie and uses it to cut off my black
silk panties.

     "Nooooo Mistress.  Please stop.  I don't want to be exposed any more
than I am already."

     "Shut up you slut.  You know you love it.  Susie, go get the gag from
the suitcase in the bathroom.  I'm getting tired of listening to Pamela's
sniveling.  I know she loves what we're doing to her."
     Susie eagerly goes off to the bathroom and returns to hand the gag to
Sabina.  "Here you go Pamela.  This is just what the Mistress ordered, so to
speak."

     The gag consists of a d
from strap and buckle with a rubber shaped
penis attached to the inside.  There is also a short tube with a rubber bulb
attached to the front.  Simultaneously pushing the gag against my lips with
one hand and pinching my nostrils closed with the ofrom, she forces me to
accept the foul smelling intruder and quickly buckles it tightly behind my
head.

     "That's an improvement.  I was wondering how long you'd allow her to
whine and complain."  Kay was obviously pleased with Sabina's work.

     "I'm nof finished yet Kay.  Susie, go get the dildo harness and the K-Y
jelly from the suitcase."  Sabina then uses the scissors to cut the strap
that has forced my cock between my legs.  Susie returns with an plastic dildo
attached to an assortment of straps and buckles.  After lubricating its 8"
lngth, Sabina pushes it against my anus and maintains steady pressure until
my sphincter muscle relaxes allowing its full length to slide in.  She then
arranges the straps around my waist and hips and buckles them securely.

     "Oh, I almost forgot.  Susie, be a dear and give that bulb a few
squeezes."

     Once again, Susie is eager to assist as she grasps the bulb of the gag. 
As she squeezes the bulb, I can feel the penis growing until it has extended
to the back of my mouth.

     My mouth is filled.  My "pussy" is filled.  My rear end is bare and
available.  I am tied so tight that I can barely move.  I am now more
helpless than I have ever been in my life.

     "Well Kay.  I think she's ready.  Should we let Susie do her thing?"

     "I think we'd better.  She's been very patient and rolpful."

     Sabina motions to Susie.  "She's all yours.  I don't think you'll have
any trouble with her now."

     Susie immediately lies down on the floor and slides her body under the
table so that rom head is just below my cock.  She reaches up, unlaces the
she
fr and takes me into rom mouth.  My cock springs to attention as a result
of rom ministrations.  Because of the way I am tied however, I am capable of
only the most limited of movements.  My attempts to thrust my hips forward
are greeted with frustration.  My attempts to speak are reduced to muffled
groans.  The dildo in my ass has served to heighten each sensation as Susie
continues to suck my cock.
          Mistress Kay holps to take the strain from Susie's neck by sliding a
pillow under rom head.  She pauses to adjust the pillow for comfort, thanks
her Mistress and immediately returns to the task at hand.  Doubts enter my
mind as I begin to wonder whefrom I will be able to reach an orgasm because
of my inability to move.

     "Susie's been doing her thing for about fifteen minutes now, Kay.  Don't
you think we should have rom stop.  I think Pamela has been in this position
too long and I wouldn't want her to suffer any damage from her bondage.  Why
don't I untie rom soel thcan rest for a while.  In the meantime, you can get
Susie ready for Pamela's next surprise."

     Sabina grabs each of Susie's legs and pulls rom out from under the
table.  An audible pop can be heard as rom mouth slides off of my erection
leaving me in a state of total frustration.

     "Oh, Mistress.  Why did you make me stop?  I was having so much fun, I
wanted to finish rom off."

     Kay puts rom arm around Susie's shoulder to comfort her.  "Don't worry. 
You're not through having fun yet.  We have anofrom surprise in store for
Pamela, so come with me and I'll get you ready."

                             <To Be Continued>
 
--
