I was just 15, a sophomore in high school.

A very late "bloomer" both physically and socially, I was quite shy,
because of my immature body and my lack of social graces.  I had had
several dates, though nothing very serious.  My breasts had just become
full, blooming at last from the little nubs I had lived with for some
time.  They had, at last, assumed a breast shape, so admired in
magazines.  Small, pink, pointed nipples that got so hard sometimes,
like tiny, little diamonds, and so very sensitive, aching to be
touched.  My breasts, though full and shapely, were small, but my
figure was developed.  Very well shaped legs and full, rounded hips
with a slender waist.  Physically, the end result was a woman with
small breasts.  This would plague me most of my life.  I did learn to
live with it, though, and to become not so overly sensitive about it.

The thing that bothered me at this time of my life, however, was the
almost total lack of pubic hair.  There was a bit of blonde fuzz in a
patch right at the top of the slit, but other than that, I looked just
as I had all my life.  It was really frustrating to me that having
finally achieved the breasts I had longed for so long, my body
would play its joke on me by failing to give me the mark of a real
woman.  This, being a very private place, wouldn't have bothered me
so much, except for the rule in California that students would have to
take P.E. classes through all 4 years of high school.  Picture a very
large class of teens in various stages of secondary sexual development,
all in a huge locker room after having showered, (another requirement).
Most girls were fully developed in all ways.  Some freshmen, of course,
had a ways to go, but that was accepted as a normal part of life.  In
my case, I had most of the attributes of a woman, but seriously lacked
in just one very obvious area, and as such, was the object of some
amusement to some of the girls.  I tried so many things to cover up in
these periods, but it got to the point that I actually hated the class.
I was so sensitive about it that it began to affect my social life.

One day my best friend, Carolyn, asked me to stay overnight with her.
This was a thing we did whenever we could and was a nice thing for both
of us.  We could talk about boys and pretend that we knew so much more
than we really did about sex and life.  We would listen to records and
just lie around in our nightgowns and giggle and talk.  It was always a
pleasant experience having her over to my house for the night or for
her to have me over to her house.

I went home after school, got my things together and went to Carolyn's
house.  On this particular occasion, however, things were just a little
different.  Her parents had parked a "mobile home," what we today would
call an RV, out in the back of the house.  It was quite large, having its own bath,
a full bedroom, small living room, etc.  After dinner and a few pleasantries with her parents, we retired to the RV.

Typically, the dress for one of these 'sleep overs' would be modest
cotton nighties.  However, Carolyn, after going to the bath to change,
came out in a pink baby doll outfit.  I knew she had one, because she
had shown it to me a while before, but I had never seen it on her.  I
must have appeared to have been shocked, because she just smiled at me
and followed the motion of my eyes as I looked with envy at her
beautiful breasts.

The look on her face was something that lives on in my memory.  The
expression was at the same time knowing and shy.  The ageless Mona
Lisa smile of a woman with something on her mind.  I wondered at this
turn of events, was a bit bothered in fact, but I had no inkling of
what was to come.  I know now the feeling was sexual, but at the time I
honestly didn't have any frame of reference from which to compare it.
I just knew I felt funny and a bit uncomfortable.

I stepped into the bathroom to put on my old cotton.  I brushed my
hair, brushed my teeth and generally got ready for the evening.  As I
looked at myself in the mirror, I recalled the look on her face and had
to wonder again what that look meant.  As I peered at my reflection, I
noticed my own nipples were very erect and pushing against the cotton
of the nightgown.  My cheeks were very flushed.

"Why did she look at me like that?  What was in that look?  Why am I
feeling so nervous now?  Why are my nipples so hard and so excited?
What is happening to me?"

I returned to the bedroom to find her laying on her side, once again
looking at me.  I was fully conscious of the possible sexual
implications then, and knew I was blushing, because she told me to
relax and to take it easy.  She opened a drawer, removed a yellow
bundle, handed it to me and told me to put it on.  Now, she didn't live
in that RV, so I knew she must have put that little bundle there before
we came out.  I took it and looked at it.  It was soft and silky.  I
went back to the bath, took off my nightgown and, standing there naked,
saw what I had.  It was the softest, prettiest, filmiest little nightie
I had ever seen.  Made of the softest silk, it was nearly transparent.
It was WONDERFUL!  So sensual, so sexy, so grown up.  I had never seen
anything so lovely in my life.

Standing there naked, holding this bit of filmy wonder, I looked again
at my own body.  My nipples felt like they were ready to burst now.
So hard.  Like little diamonds.  The feelings that were coming to me
from between my legs were almost too much to bear.  The fact that
Carolyn had given me this to put on removed any doubt from my mind of
what she had in her mind.  The excitement coursing through my veins was
almost more than I could bear.  Visions of her body danced through my
head.  Of what we were going to do.

I slipped the top over my head, feeling the smoothness flow down my
body.  Stepping into the little panties was like stepping into a cloud.
When I had them on, I pulled them up tight and looked in the mirror.
The fabric was clinging to me in such a way that the lips were outlined
as if there were nothing at all there.  The silk was semi-transparent.
Everything was visible.  Then confusion and fear.  What do you do
anyway with a girl?  I'd never even thought about sex with a girl
before.  What if I do it wrong?  What if I'd read her wrong?  What if I
do something to make her think I was a pervert or something?  Getting
myself together to go out into the bedroom was nearly all that I could
do.  I was scared, excited, filled with curiosity, fear, shame -- all
emotions mixed up together.

I emerged from the bath and saw her again, laying the same way.  I knew
I hadn't misread her.  Her body was outlined by the material of her
nightie, too, and I saw her fully, for the first time as a woman.   Her
breasts were full, round and beautifully shaped.  Her waist was tiny,
swelling into round, womanly hips.  The whole picture was one of
womanly sensuality.  Where before she was my closest confidant and best
friend, now she was a sexual image - and that excited me.

I walked to her and sat down at the edge of the bed.  She was still
looking at me, and by now I was just looking back.  Our eyes met and
held each other.  No shyness, no pretenses now.  We both knew what was
going to happen, and we both anxiously wanted it.  We both knew this
was supposed to happen.

She said I looked very pretty in yellow.  I told her it made me feel
beautiful.  She said, "You are beautiful," and put her hand on my
shoulder.  Her fingers slid down the strap of the nightie, trailing
down to my very erect nipple.  She ran her finger very lightly around
the hardness.  I forgot to breathe.  It literally took my breath away.
The feeling was exquisite.

By the time I caught my breath, she was very lightly rubbing my whole
breast with her hand.  The nightie slid around between her hand and my
breast.  I very tentatively reached out to touch her.  As my fingers
traced her outline, I began to feel a little lightheaded.  Her breasts
were very warm and firm and soft at the same time.  And her nipples
were hard like mine.

It seemed like my pussy was throbbing.  I felt the ache deep inside me.
The sensations of touching and being touched in such a forbidden, but
compelling way was too much for me.  I laid back on the bed.  She asked
if I was OK and could she help.  She was on her side, holding herself
up with one hand.  I said I was fine now, and she could help by letting
me put my hands under her nightie and touching her naked body.  She sat
up on her hip and lifted the top over her head.  Her breasts blossomed
forth.  Even though I had seen naked girls before in P.E., I had never
really looked at such close range at any other naked breasts, much less
touch them.  She leaned back over me.  They were right there in front
of my face.

I could smell her body, her perfume and powder.  They say the sense of
smell is the strongest, and it must be so.  I can still smell those
wonderful smells today.

I reached up and touched a nipple very gently, then the other.  I
rolled one between thumb and forefinger.  They were so hard.  Pink and
soft, yet so hard.  I gave one nipple a pinch.

"Do it harder,"  she said.

As I did, she leaned closer to me.  Almost by instinct, I began to kiss
the nearest nipple, then took it in my mouth, sucking gently, then
harder.  First one, then the other.  I began to kiss and lick her
entire breasts.  They were very full and white, which highlighted her
deep pink nipple even more.  It was all so very exciting - and felt so
natural, so loving.

She was straddling me by now rubbing her pussy against mine.  She sat
back and pushed my nightie top up.  She pinched my nipples and leaned
over to suck them until I thought they would pop.  I could hear myself
groaning.  We rolled over and lay facing each other.  We rubbed our
tits against each other, and the entire front of our bodies were
pressed tightly together.  I was sure I could feel her pubic hair
rubbing against my leg.  She reached around and began squeezing the
cheeks of my ass.  Closeup images of her breasts danced through my mind
along with the wonderful sensations I was feeling.

In a very smooth movement, she started to pull the panties over my
hips.  Instinctively, I grabbed for the front of them to keep them on.
I saw that look from her again and happily let go.  I kept my legs
close together, though, and rolled over onto my back.  She said to
close my eyes and enjoy the sensations.  She began stroking the front
of my pussy.  I was a little embarrassed, because I was almost naked of
any hair.  I knew what she was seeing, because I had looked at myself
very closely with a mirror many times when I had been exploring my
body.  My pussy was very plump at the outer lips, and the inner lips
were always pink and wet and protruding.  Once, when very excited, I
had seen my clitoris.  She was gently stroking my pussy with her
fingers.  She slid one finger into the front of the slit, and at the
same time, turned her hand sideways to open up my legs.  I felt the
pressure of her hand, and slowly, I opened my legs a little.  I felt a
rush of cool air surround my pussy.  Her finger penetrated deeper to
rub back and forth in the slit.  I realized I was lifting my hips
trying to get more of me in contact with that lovely finger.  I opened
my legs further, all pretense gone now.  I wanted her touch now more
than anything.

At last I felt her finger contact that wonderful, little "pool of
wetness" that I knew I had.  Just between my lips, down low, right at
the opening to my body.  My lips kept it there, waiting for a finger to
touch, so it could do it's job and get everything really wet.  She
moved her finger a little before I felt it slowly enter me.  I had put
my own finger in me before, but it never felt like this.  Deeper and
deeper into me it slid.  I had never gone this deep before.  I felt it
move in, then out of me.

Then she did the most incredible thing.  She pressed her mouth against
my pussy, licking and sliding her tongue up and down in my slit.  Her
finger was still in me, making the nicest, wettest noises.  I felt her
tongue go up and down my slit, lingering at the top, trying to make
full contact with my clitoris.  She moved a bit, and I spread my legs
more, wanting, waiting.  She found it with the tip of her tongue.  I
never knew I could feel feelings like this.  Waves washed over me again
and again.  Her finger was still in me, but I don't think I felt it
anymore.  The orgasm rushed through me repeatedly.  I thought I was in
heaven.  It was sheer ecstasy.  I KNEW I was in heaven.  My pussy was
the center of my being.  All thought of pretext was gone, and I pulled
my legs back and opened them further, begging for more.

She said yes, but first she wanted me to do something to her, that her
pussy was aching after playing with mine.  In a daze, I watched as she
stood up and pulled down her panties.  I wanted to do it for her, but
was too fascinated at seeing her naked pussy to say anything.  She
quickly lay back down, legs spread lewdly for me.

Her pussy was thinly covered with light blonde hair.  It smelled so
musky.  I reached up and rubbed my hand over her mound.  Her pussy hair
was very moist and soft, and I ran my fingers through it.  I slid my
finger into the front of her slit.  She groaned and shoved her hips
forward.  I pulled her lips apart and saw up inside her pussy.  Her
inner lips were tiny where mine were large, and she was not as pink as
I.  But she was very wet, and her clitoris was swollen and wet.  It
looked a lot like mine, but a little more pointed.

As soon as I touched it, she started groaning.  I stroked it, pushing
the skin back and forth.  It seemed to be getting bigger.  She spread
her legs even more, her pussy lips spreading a little with them.  I
stuck my tongue up into her cunt, and when I began licking and sucking
on her clit, her moans began in earnest.  Her taste, her aroma was just
as I suspected, so similar to my own.  Her hips bucked on the bed, and
I had to hold on to keep contact with her.

My finger found her vagina, and slowly, I inserted it, feeling the
wetness and slipperyness that I had only felt before when I had touched
myself.  Slowly, pushing into her, I remembered feeling that when she
did it to me, I knew that it went further than I was able to do it
myself.  Deeper and deeper into her I went, feeling textures that I had
never felt before.  I felt that she was feeling things for the very
first time, too, like I had just moments before.

Her hips bucked, and I watched with fascination as my finger moved in
her.  So very close.  Licking now and then the wetness that I saw.  Her
clitoris fascinated me as it winked at me from between the folds of her
lips.  I would lick and touch it when I could, but maintained most of
the contact with my finger.

I somehow knew that she was ready, so I put my whole mouth on her.
Taking her clitoris between my lips, I sucked and licked it, pulling
her inner lips up into my mouth when I could.  I must have had contact
with every part of her pussy that was possible.  She nearly screamed
with pleasure, bucking and moving her hips all around.  I kept with
her, feeling with her the waves of orgasm that I knew she was feeling.

That turned me on even more.  After she came, we lay side by side in
bed.  The quiet peace of wonder.  I looked at her, and she smiled that
same smile - and I understood.


NOTE:

After that we became even closer as friends, but, strangely enough, we
never discussed that night.  I know I wasn't embarrassed.  In fact, I
revelled in the memories.  And I never noticed any embarrassment from
her, either.  We just never discussed something that seemed so natural
and loving.  Yet I remember it distinctly and fantasize a great
deal at both the memories and the fantasies that experience produced in
my mind.

Carolyn and I had just one more occasion together like that.  It
happened some time later, just after I had married, and just after my
husband had left on a Navy cruise.  If anything, the next time was far
more exciting and erotic than the first, but this is the one that I
will remember always.  The details are with me all the time.  I can
bring this picture up in such great detail any time I wish.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
