Archive-name: Bestial/pandgirl.txt
Archive-author: George
Archive-title: Panda Girl


     There were two major facets of Jane's life, the first was her fascination 
with collecting teddy bears; the second was the fact that she was incredibly 
sexually frustrated.  Ever since she was a young girl she collected teddy 
bears, and ever since puberty she'd been terribly frustrated.  No matter when, 
where, or how she had had sex she had never had an orgasm.  It was a source of 
great consternation for her, she had always been sexually active; but to no 
avail.  She had even developed the reputation for being loose while in high 
school; so great was her quest for relief.
     At 5'4" she was a pleasingly plump, honey blond; she was never at a loss 
for finding willing partners.  Every weekend would find her getting humped any 
where she could find the privacy to do it.  She just couldn't figure it out, 
she liked the sight, smell, and feel of the boys; yet no orgasms were 
forthcoming.  Even masturbation hadn't helped, although once she strapped a 
dildo to one of her largest teddy bears and rode it for a while; almost 
producing an orgasm.  She had even gone beyond her normal bounds in college.  
It was there that she had met Patty.
     Patty was a chubby redhead in her early forties, she became Jane's close 
friend and confidant.  Patty had suggested that maybe Jane needed something 
kinky to solve her problem, it had always worked for Patty when she and her 
husband became bored with sex.  Patty even volunteered to start the ball 
rolling and accompanied Jane back to her dorm, where Jane had a woman go down 
on her for the first time.  Jane later admitted that she had enjoyed Patty's 
attentions and had no qualms about returning the favor; her first attempt at 
eating pussy, something still kept her from achieving the final result.  Patty 
refused to give up, she began setting up strange situations for Jane in hope 
that something could be done.  There were some memorable instances, like the 
time Patty set her up with the black football player, who's cock was as big as 
a firehose.  He fucked Jane until he passed out, but all to no avail.  Then 
there was the transsexual Patty introduced her to.  The he/she had 44D tits and 
an eight inch cock, the sight of such a bizarre creature really turned Jane on 
and she was eager to hit the sack; but still no orgasm.
     And so Jane went on, studying and collecting teddy bears.  She made it 
through college and grad school, finally graduating with a degree in zoology.  
She still kept up her quest for sexual fulfillment, balancing it with her 
career.  She had no trouble finding a job, especially since she made it known 
that she had no intentions of settling down.  She considered herself lucky, her 
first job was as a research assistant on a project involving Panda's.
     Jane had always been partial to Panda's.  Of all the teddy bears she had 
collected Panda's were the most prevalent.  She had often thought about how 
they looked so warm, soft, and cuddly; almost like living teddy bears.  She was 
a bit embarrassed though, the project was a study of the mating habits of the 
bears.  Part of their task was to try an artificially inseminate a female 
Panda.  This necessitated that a male Panda must be masturbated, his semen 
saved for a try at impregnating one of the females.  Several Panda's of both 
sexes had been made available for their work.  An area was set up for this, 
containing a small pen not unlike those used by breeders for obtaining samples 
from stud cattle.  They had been provided with the tools of the trade, 
including a contraption for jacking the bears off.  This always embarrassed 
Jane, why she didn't understand.  Jane had become especially close to the 
bears, they were gentle by nature and she seem to have a greater rapport with 
them than any one else on the staff.  Since they meant so much to her it was 
almost torture for her to have to endure the jibes and jokes of the male 
members of the staff as they engaged in wanking the male Pandas.
     There was one Panda, a male named Ting, that was definitely Jane's 
favorite.  Ting was older than most of the males and was therefore used as a 
control in the experiment.  He was larger than the others, and seemed more 
docile that the others.  Jane had taken to him immediately, she visited him 
every day often bringing him special treats.  Ting was so used to her that he 
even ate out of the palm of her hand.  Then one day disaster struck.  A new 
male was brought in as a control and Ting was to be used for his semen.  This 
upset Jane greatly,  she couldn't handle the thought of Ting penned up, having 
one of the grinning twerps that worked there making fun of him as he was beaten 
off.  Jane felt and even greater distress when she found out that she was to 
supervise Ting's first trip to the pen.  Worst of all Jim was to assist her.
     Jim was the asshole's asshole.  Not only was his personality revolting, 
but to top it off he fancied himself a stud.  Jane couldn't stand him, and the 
thought of having to stand there and watch Jim jerk Ting off depressed her.  
Nevertheless she resolved to go through it.  But Jim had a surprise for her.  
He knew about her affection for Ting, so he planned to not be there.  He had a 
good laugh, imagining her standing there not knowing what to do.  She wouldn't 
be able to bring herself to jerk the Panda off, and he wouldn't be there to do 
it for her.
     The fateful day arrived, Ting was herded into the pen to be masturbated in 
the name of science.  Jane had planned to excuse herself as soon as possible to 
avoid having to watch Ting's degradation.  She waited patiently for Jim, but he 
never arrived.  The sight of Ting penned up waiting sent chills down her 
spine.  She waited nearly an hour, but no sign of Jim; and the project head had 
been in several times already wanting to know why the specimen was not forth 
coming.  Jane swallowed hard, she would have to do it herself.
     She looked at Ting, he had been kept caged near the females all night and 
was sporting a hard on.  Jane couldn't quite understand why, but the sight of 
his thin, spiky, penis embarrassed her.  She looked at the device, the thought 
of looping the rubber grip end over his cock; tightening it, and working the 
handle up and down horrified her.  Her courage nearly failed her, but she 
finally resolved the matter; she would have to jerk him off with her own two 
hands.  At least, she thought, he would be jerked off by some one who cared 
about him.  She kneeled down next to his flanks, Ting was on all fours; penned 
up so there was very little he could do in the way of movement.  Jane coated 
her hands with KY jelly, she would have never forgiven herself if she hurt 
him.  Hesitating for only a moment, she reached out and grasped his reddish-
pink pulsating cock.  She was surprised, she had thought that the feel of his 
flesh would cause her to cringe; but the longer she held his cock the more 
relaxed she became.  She liked the warmth of his cock, it felt good in her 
hands.  Playfully, she reached up with her free hand and began massaging his 
balls.  His gamey animal smell filled her nostrils.  She had no trouble getting 
started, gently stroking his cock and kneading his balls.  Her heavily 
lubricated hands slipped up and down his throbbing cockmeat.  It was not long 
before Ting orgasmed, the huge flood of semen gushing out into the specimen jar 
she had carefully placed on the floor.  Ting gave a grunt of satisfaction.
     Jane was relieved when it was over.  She was sweating profusely, and she 
felt weak in the knees.  She washed her hands carefully, to hide all traces of 
what she had been doing.  Picking up the jar, Jane noticed that some of Ting's 
cum had missed and was dribbling down the side of the jar.  Following an 
irresistible urge she ran her fingers across it, and rubbed them together.  She 
didn't understand why, but she like the slick feel of Ting's jism.  She turned 
the specimen in and headed back to the lab.  Half way down the hall she felt a 
burning in her gut, thinking that the experience had shaken her more that she 
thought she decided to go home early.  Arriving home, Jane promptly lay down on 
her bed.  The burning sensation seemed only worse.  Then as if out of the blue 
it occurred to Jane, she was horny.
     Part of her dysfunction had always been a lack of sexual desires, now for 
once in her life she was hot.  Could it have been her experience with Ting?  
She couldn't believe it, but there was no other explanation.  She always knew 
she had been fond of bears, but not like this.
     She remembered her experience with the teddy bear some years ago.  It had 
almost produced the long sought after orgasm.  In light of the days events Jane 
could only wonder if it would work this time.  Jane shed her clothes quickly, 
almost running into the room where she kept most of her teddy bear collection.  
It hit her as she walked into the room, she had never noticed it before but the 
majority of her collection were stuffed Pandas.  Selecting the largest one, she 
hurried back to the bedroom.  She still had the dildo and harness in her 
underwear drawer.  She strapped the dildo to the stuffed Panda, and carefully 
placed him on the bed.  Climbing onto the bed she swung her leg over, 
straddling the bear.  He cunt was dripping, the dildo had no trouble 
penetrating her.  The sensation of the dildo entering her twat shocked her.  
Although she had been fucked before, she had never felt anything like it.
     Jane began to fantasize, something that was unusual for her.  In her mind 
she saw herself deep in the heart of the Asian jungle.  She was running down a 
trail, and Ting was beside her.  They ran until they came to a stream, Jane 
plunged in to cool her body off, Ting lay down in the soft fronds to sun.  She 
swam until tired, the lift her self onto the bank.  She walked over to the 
Panda, who was lying on his back.  She gently lowered herself onto his massive 
bulk, feeling the softness of his sleek fur.  Ting gently wrapped his arms 
around her as she slowly slid her pussy down towards his erect cock.
     Jane slid up and down the dildo, each time allowing it to penetrate deeper 
and deeper.  Each thrust of her hips causing even more pleasure that the last.  
She had left her dress lying on the bed, Ting's scent still clung to it.  She 
caught it up in her hands and held it up to her face, inhaling deeply.  She 
reeled with excitement.  She had never felt this way before, her loins were on 
fire.  It was not long before her first orgasm ever ripped through her.  She 
could feel it building, the muscles in her legs beginning to lose feeling.  It 
hit her, sending sharp tingling sensations down her spine.  She felt like she 
had pissed in a light socket.  She lay on her bed afterwards, sweat pouring out 
of her body.  The day's events had bewildered her.  After all these years of 
total frustration, she had finally found out what turned her on.  But, it 
wasn't exactly normal, at least not to her thinking.  Jane was too sheltered to 
to know about bestiality.  Nevertheless, the thought of forbidden love excited 
her.  She thought deeply about Ting's dual nature; so soft and furry, yet still 
having that animal like quality that inflamed her passions.
     As she lay there thinking about Ting she felt her lust rise again.  This 
time it was more than any dildo could handle.  Jane knew that she would have to 
have Ting's cock in her.  It would be no problem getting in the lab, she had a 
key and the guards would leave her alone.  They were used to her working late 
at night.  She paced her bedroom, waiting for darkness to fall.  Then she would 
return and share her lust with Ting.  Jane had never done anything sneaky or 
underhanded before.  Even though, she went about preparing for her liaison with 
and ease that surprised her.  She took a long, slow, hot bath; carefully 
washing her curvaceous body.  Jane spent hours doing her make-up.  She wanted 
to look especially good for Ting.  
     Wearing nothing but a trench coat, Jane arrived outside the lab.  It took 
her a moment to gather up her courage.  Leaving her car, she moved towards the 
door at a brisk pace.  She made it inside with no trouble, even though one of 
the guards had seen her from afar.  After he realized who she was he had let 
her go about her business with a cheery wave.  Once inside she took several 
minutes to catch her breath.  She made her way down the hall towards the room 
where the Pandas were kept.  Ting awoke almost as she walked in, Jane rushed 
over to him and placed a soothing hand on him to keep him quiet.  Opening his 
pen she led him into the room where she had masturbated him earlier.
     Jane switched on half of the lights in the room, she didn't want to 
attract too much attention.  Ting gave her a funny look as she removed her coat 
and stood naked before him.  Jane was certain that he could sense her arousal.  
He cautiously padded over to her, the very essence of curiosity.  Jane could 
feel her knees go weak as he approached.  Ting began to sniff her crotch, his 
hot breath sent shivers through her.  She spread her legs to give him better 
opportunity.  The Panda sniffed for a moment, then his long tongue snaked 
forward towards her cunt.  As it touched she felt her juices start to flow in 
torrents.  Some of it landed on the Panda's long thin tongue, he drew it back 
and tasted it.  Jane could tell he enjoyed it.  It was evident that her passion 
was affecting him, Ting's cock was stiffening as she watched.  The Panda thrust 
his head forward, tongue extended.  Jane spread her cunt lips wider to give his 
tongue better access.  Although Ting had never lapped a cunt before, he proved 
to be a natural.  His tongue glided across the folds of her pussy lips, sending 
waves of pleasure through Jane.
     Jane had not expected this, but never the less she enjoyed it.  The 
Panda's tongue was long and flexible, it reached into corners of her cunt that 
none had ever before.  Unable to stand it for very long, she tottered 
backwards, coming down to a sitting position.  Ting moved closer, she wrapped 
her arms around his neck as he nuzzled her.  Jane began to rub his belly, as 
she did Ting slowly rolled on his back.  It was just what Jane wanted, rubbing 
his fur all the time; she worked her way down to his cock.  Ting's cock was red 
and swollen, she noticed drops of his cum welling up in the tip.  Gently taking 
his cock with one hand, she guided her mouth toward it.  Extending her tongue 
she scooped up the cum, the taste thrilled her.  
     She began by licking the head and working her tongue down the shaft.  She 
could sense Ting responding, she cupped his balls with her other hand and began 
to gently knead them.  She was in heaven, Ting's gamey smell filled her 
nostrils.  Working his cock into her mouth, she began to suck.  She could feel 
him begin to wiggle under her, giving out small groans of pleasure.  Jane had 
often been complemented on her cock sucking prowess, tonight she used all her 
skill.  Ting's cock was long and thin, and although she had never deep throated 
before she did now.  Jane could feed the heat rising in her loins, she couldn't 
restrain herself any longer.
     Easing Ting's cock out of her mouth, she straightened her self up.  
Swinging one leg over, she straddled his bulky body as best as she could.  
Moving her hips down toward his rod, she came to rest against his chest.  It 
was just as she had fantasized, he was large and bulk, yet soft and furry.  As 
his cock entered her pussy, she felt a thrill like never before.  His cock 
quickly filled her up, she even thought that she might tighten up from the 
excitement and that he would not be able to penetrate her.  But there was no 
problem, the Panda's cock slid into her dripping pussy like it was meant to be 
there.  As she bottomed out on the base of his meat, Ting gently folded his 
arms around her just like in her fantasy.
     It didn't take long for either of them to cum, Ting's hot semen filled 
Jane's cunt to the brim.  As it did she felt a sensation shoot through her that 
put her earlier orgasm to shame.
     No one knew what happened to Jane or Ting, it seemed that they both just 
disappeared.  None of the lab staff could conceive of how she had gotten him 
out, but it was assuredly her who had spirited him off.  No trace of them was 
ever found, but it can be safely assumed that where ever they are she is 
sliding down on his cock, as he wraps his arms gently around her.

--
