Virta 6, 0623

	I threw Krrain the 'chip Kathy had given me and stepped on the 
SDisk platform, nodding.  He inserted the 'chip into the control 
panel and threw a switch.  From my point of view, he vanished.

	And was replaced by a small, hilly meadow.  The air was warm, 
and small insects buzzed about busily, giving sound and color to the 
air.  The grass and trees were green, a welcome change from the last 
world we'd stopped at, where the oppressive black had gotten on my 
nerves.  In the background a large mountain ridge rose, naked rock 
towering to the heavens.  Funny how I still use that word.

	I scanned the meadow for Kathy, and found someone else instead.  
Down the hill and to my left I saw a large, grey-furred figure 
sitting on what clearly was a picnic blanket, accompanied by a wicker 
basket.  He waved to me so I walked down towards him, wondering where 
was Kathy.

	He stood in that slow, easy manner that comes with being 
centuries old.  He was an Uncia, the largest of the feline races on 
Pendor, but even beyond that he was muscular.  His body was 
well-proportioned, and I thought he must have spent hours daily to 
keep himself that way-- his proportions were even more outstanding 
than Aaden's, and I know how much my love puts into keeping *his* 
body in that wonderful shape.  This Uncia had strong thighs and I 
could just barely detect washboard abs under his fur.  His fur wasn't 
the usual grey of Uncia, but was well-groomed and sun-tinted to the 
point where it was a magnificent, shiny steel-blue.  His face was the 
least of his features; his muzzle was short and wide, his forehead 
low.   Oh, well, can't have everything, but his ears were large and 
sharp and pointed straight up.  He was wearing nothing but a pair of 
loose gym shorts imprinted with the Ring-and-Star of the Pendor 
Fleet, the words 'Engineering / Security' and three gold rings.  
That's not a bad rank, and to have two official positions like that 
is impressive.  I could do it, but it would run me ragged.

	He held out his hand and said, "Hi.  You must be Kennet.  My 
name is Thr'pan."  What? I thought.  No 'Pleased to meet you, 
Father?'  I like him already.  And his speech pattern was weird... He 
spoke slowly, as if he had thought about every word before letting it 
past his teeth.  His voice was deep and there was a beautiful growl 
under it that was apparent with every syllable.

	I shook his hand and smiled.  "Pleased to meet you, as well.  
Kathy said she had a new friend.  Guess you're it."

	"Aye," he said.  "Please, sit down."  He gestured wide.  "Would 
you like something to eat?"

	"What've you got?" I asked, dropping down to the blanket.  He 
handed me a variety of sandwiches, most of which were very typical 
for picnics: tuna, egg, ham, stuff like that.  I settled on roast 
beef, eating with gusto.

	I kept stealing glances at Kathy's friend.  "Thr'Pan..." I said.

	"Please, please, call me Pan."

	"Okay... Pan.  You didn't act surprised when I showed up.  
People usually act a little weird around me."

	He thought for a few seconds and said, "I understand you are a 
little tired of that.  One of my parents was a Tleil, but I didn't 
come here early to discuss that.  I arranged this so that we could 
talk about Kathy."

	I think I'm in love.  I found myself watching him move about 
with his feline assuredness.  I had to restrain myself.  He was 
sitting cross-legged eating as well, and I wanted to touch him, 
somewhere, anywhere.

	But the funny thing was, despite the intense lust I was feeling, 
I managed to keep my mind on the subject.  We discussed Kathy, her 
introduction into S/M, how that accompanied and in fact complimented 
her education as an engineer, the logic behind her piercings and her 
brand, her safeword.  We sat, talking one top to another, regarding a 
bottom we had in common.  And I wanted to bottom out to him.

	And finally my break came.  I had a chance to correct him; our 
conversation had drifted away from Kathy and onto the community in 
general.  I placed my hand on his leg.

	The moment was sheer electricity.  Like a shock running up my 
arm and into my head.  I looked up into his eyes.

	He smiled, and he raised his hand and crooked one finger in my 
direction; come hither.  I rose and moved closer to him, closing the 
distance and sitting next to him.  "What?" I asked.

	He chuckled, a deep, purring sound, and we kissed, my lips 
against his wide slash of a muzzle.  His rough tongue entered my 
mouth, probing against my teeth.  One of my hands held me up; the 
other roamed about his chest, finding his nipples and tweaking them 
gently.  He growled, and his claw pressed against my chest, the sharp 
tips just protruding from his fingers against me.  I felt reassured, 
comfortable.  Anyone Kathy trusted this much, I had to as well.

	We grappled slowly, not actually proceeding anywhere, just 
playing against each other, contained violence, when I distinctly 
heard someone clearing her voice.  "A-Hem."

	Pan and I broke.  "Kathy!" he said cheerfully, not at all 
disturbed at her interruption.  "Come, sit down.  We were getting 
acquainted."

	"Yeah, I saw how you two were getting acquainted," she laughed, 
crawling over the blanket to Pan and draping herself against him.  
She turned to me and said, "Isn't he wonderful?"

	I took a deep breath before answering.  "Where did you find 
him?"

	"You don't know who he is?"

	"Should I?"

	"Kathy..." Pan said in a warning tone.

	"Oh come on, Sir," she said.  "Ken, this is Pannel Throden."

	"Waitaminute.  You're the guy who did all those martial-arts 
films, aren't you?"

	Pan blushed.  "That was a long time ago."

	"Hey, you were great," I said.  "My coimelin thinks you've got a 
great ass."  We all laughed.

	He picked up his glass and swirled the juice in it before taking 
a drink.  "Since then I've decided to do something more important."

	I shrugged.  Kathy snuggled herself closer to him, her left hand 
stroking him through the cloth of his gym shorts.  I could see his 
erection standing up through the shorts; my immediate assessment was 
that Pan was built just as big all over.  Either that or he had a 
nunchukau growing in his shorts.

	He growled playfully said, "You're being very impertinent, 
slave."

	"I know," she said.

	"Then I suggest you decide how this scene is going to go, before 
you go any further."

	I lay back on the blanket, laughed and said, "Safeword!"

	Pan echoed my laugh and said, "Agreed."  His paw reached out and 
grabbed me by the collar of my jacket, pulling me up towards him.  I 
turned over, knowing what he wanted, and he pulled me to his face.  
"Or maybe you should decide."

	"I'd love to go down on you, Sir," I said.

	He smiled and said, "Convince me."

	My hand roamed down over his crotch, feeling his bludgeon of a 
cock throb under the thin nylon.  "I want you, Pan.  I want to suck 
on your cock, Sir, I want to feel it in my throat.  I can do a good 
job, Sir, please Sir."

	"Good enough."  I dove down to his crotch, already panting for 
him.  I pulled his shorts off, and I heard Kathy complain.  His cock 
popped out, large and throbbing.  I licked my lips and took the head 
into my mouth, sucking down, feeling it against my tongue.  I sucked 
down further, until my chin pressed against his belly and I could 
smell the sweet sweat of his balls.  He growled, a paw in my hair as 
I sucked down all of him.  I'd long been able to take cock deep into 
my throat, but my opportunities to display that little skill were so 
rare; I loved this chance to show off, especially to Kathy's new 
Master.

	He groaned loudly, and I was grateful that he didn't buck his 
hips to get deeper; I was taking him all the way.  His cock was 
magnificent, loose skin sliding over firm flesh.  But his other paw 
did seek out my crotch and stroke me through the material of my 
uniform.  As his paw caressed my ass I groaned and shook against him.  
His growling laugh   returned.  "You like that?" he said.  Despite 
the tone, I didn't think it was a question, but I managed an "mm-hmm" 
around his cock.

	"Kathy, does your old Master enjoy taking it as well as you do?" 
I heard him say.  Apparently I was getting to him because I could 
distinctly hear him gritting his teeth around his words.

	"If I recall, he was a regular gamer at Pit."

	His paw grabbed under my throat and lifted me off of his cock.  
I moaned, my eyes tearing.  I wanted him, I wanted more of him.  
Please.

	"So, would you like to be fucked, Ken?"

	I looked at him and said, "Yes, sir."  And I did want to be 
fucked, by him.

	He leapt up, as smooth as always but with a lot of enthusiasm.  
He grabbed me by the collar of my jacket and stood me up, turned me 
around and leaned me against a tree.  "I hope you have a spare 
uniform," he growled as his claws seized the seat of my pants and 
shredded it easily.  "Kathy," he said, "get him ready for me."  His 
paw wrapped around the back of my neck held me against the tree while 
I felt Kathy's two small hands part the cheeks of my ass.  Her tongue 
probed deeply between the cheeks of my ass and when she licked over 
my hole I swooned.  Held in place by such strong hands and caressed 
by such sweet licks, I was losing my mind, and it was such a nice 
feeling.

	"That's enough," Pan growled.  She withdrew slowly, and I felt 
him take place behind me.  I felt him position his cock against my 
ass, and pressed against my anus.

	I felt the flesh of my asshole bow inward, gripping his cock, 
and then it began to give way, his firmness slipping past me, going 
into me.  The sensation ran up my spine straight into the pleasure 
centers of my brain as he pressed into me, his chest against my back, 
my cheek against the smooth bark of the tree.  His cock filled me 
utterly, pressed far into me.

	"You're very good," he said with a voice that was complete 
control.

	"Thank you, sir," I breathed.  He laughed again and began to 
fuck me, stroking in and out.  I could feel my guts trying to hold 
onto his cock, to move with him as he ravished me slowly.

	"Slave," he said, "amuse your former master."  He stopped 
fucking me for a moment, and I felt Kathy scoot between our legs.  As 
she did so he began fucking me again, slowly and surely.  She took my 
cock in her mouth and that did indeed distract me.  It was hard 
enough, anyway.  I closed my eyes, and Pan's paws grabbed me about 
the waist and he began to pound into me.  It became hard to breathe 
as he did so; I just wanted him to keep fucking me, I wanted him to 
come.  My cock was still hardening in Kathy's mouth as he thrust 
deeper, harder, and suddenly he stopped.

	He paused for a few seconds, then began to stroke into me, 
slowly, and I heard him say, "Here I come," and then a loud animal 
roar escaped him.  I could actually feel his cock throbbing inside me 
as he came, shuddering along with the rest of his body.  He panted, 
growling, animal, and then he said, "Would you like to come, Ken?"

	I could see his face out of the corner of my eye, and I said, 
"That's not... necessary, sir."

	He pulled away, his substantial manhood sliding out of me, and I 
shuddered one last time in response to being emptied.  "Very well.  
Cease, Kathy."  She did so, sitting down and rebuckling my pants.  I 
laughed at the gesture.

	"That's not going to do much good, I think," I said.  Pan 
laughed.  We settled down to the blanket again, and I shifted 
uncomfortably.

	"Are you okay?" Pan asked me.

	"Fine, fine.  So," I said.  "Now that introductions are over, 
what's new with you two?"

	They both died laughing.

--
"Pannel's Picnic"
The Journal Entries of Kennet R'yal Shardik, et. al. 
are copyright (c) 1989-1994 Elf Mathieu Sternberg.  Distribute freely 
via electronic media.  This copyright permits individual users to 
make single hardcopies for their own use.  The Journal Entries may 
not be sold or otherwise distributed for profit.
