

                         THIS IS A TRUE STORY

    I remember when I was in 7th grade and my sister was a junior in highschool
I would hurry home from after school everyday before my sister got home so I
could go in her room and go through her drawers looking for her underwear.
I couldn't wait to relieve myself of the hard-ons I used to get in class 
thinking about rubbing my penis with her white nylon panties.  
    Most of the time I would run home and knock on her door to check if she was
home.  When she wasn't I would take her panties and bra to my room and dress in
them.  I would work myself to a frenzy masturbating in her panties.  I don't
know what it was but the feel of those nylon panties on my penis drove me 
insane!  Sometimes I would also take her bra and cup it around my penis and
masterbate.  My favorites were her white nylon panties although she also had
them in pink and blue.  A few times I masterbated with them but I had to be
careful not to ejaculate in them since she only had one of each and would know
if they were missing.  I also dressed in her stockings although I didn't like
them too much.
    Over the summer that year when I would be home all day and she would be in
summer school I would wear her underwear around the house all day.  I would
hide them under my bed when she got home and put them back on when I would go
to sleep.  One time she almost caught me when I fell asleep in them and she
came home and knocked on my door but luckily I awoke just in time to cover
myself with the bedsheets before she walked into my room.
    I would always shower after she took one because she would leave the pantiesshe had just worn in the hamper.  Before I took
the shower I would take her panties and smell them and I could smell her sweat
on them.  A few times I was even lucky enough to find a few pubic hairs on
the panties and I would save them.  I would then wrap the panty around my hard
penis and masturbate with it sitting on the toilet until I ejaculated into
them.  I then had to rinse out the cum on the panty and shove it on the 
bottom of the hamper under all the other cloths.
    In 8th grade I always wore her panties under mine to school.  Since I had
gotten bigger they were rather tight but I sure didn't mind!  Before every
school year my mom would buy her new stock of panties so I would have more to
choose from every year.  I especially liked the ones with days of the week
printed on them.
    Over the summer after I graduated from grammer school I vowed to see my
sister's pussy since she would be going away to college and I had never seen
it before.  I would try to walk in "accidently" when she would be changing
in her room but I never saw without her underware on and she would scold me
for not knocking before I went in her room.  I thought about undressing her
panties when she would be sleeping but that was too risky to try.  I would
jack off every night thinking about it but it never happened.  When she
went off college I had taken panties and bras to keep since she was taking
all her cloths and underware.

        I'm sure I'm not alone in my endevours.  I used to to think it was
just me and this fethish I had for girl's underware but I've read many
books on sexuality and have found that many boy's in their teens have worn
their sister's underware.  So I welcome all of you out there who have found
great pleasures and satisfaction from wearing girl's panties and bras to
send in your stories to this board and share your story as I did and I'll
gather them all in one file and send it out to other boards and in turn
encourage more to share their expeiences with us. If you decide to send in
story please name it PANTIES# where # could be a 3 digit number so I can
gather them and combine them.  If I get a lot of files I shall upload it on
this board all the combined files under panties100.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
