
From ddaily@forest.digiforest.com Sat Jun 22 19:54:09 1996
Path: mars.efn.org!phoenix.lanecc.edu!news.uoregon.edu!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!chi-news.cic.net!newsxfer2.itd.umich.edu!news.itd.umich.edu!usenet
From: PANTYMAN <panties@umich.edu>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Panty Loving Principal (Panties/nc/mf)
Date: 22 Jun 1996 20:15:23 GMT
Organization: University of Michigan
Lines: 333
Message-ID: <4qhk8r$amk@lastactionhero.rs.itd.umich.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: unknown-67-130.law.umich.edu
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: Mozilla 1.1N (Windows; I; 16bit)

All usual disclaimers apply. Don't read if you're offended by graphic 
sex. The following fictional story contains descriptions of sexual acts 
between consenting adults and teenagers. Enjoy.


PANTY LOVING PRINCIPAL

     Lisa strode down the hall to her English class, happy that the 
school day was almost over. At 16, she was a junior as Maple Valley High 
School and about the only thing that was on her mind at the moment was 
getting the hell of of school for the day. As she reached into her locker 
to get her English book, her folder containing all of the past night's 
handount assingments fell from her arms and scattered on the floor near 
her locker. 'Shit,' Lisa thought, knowing that she would be late for 
class now because of the accident, 'I'm fucked." Little did she know how 
true that thought was to become.

     Prinicpal Ned Myers saw Lisa as he walked down the long hallway of 
the high school. Her back was to him, but he could tell who it was. He 
had had his eye on Lisa for a while now, ever since she was a freshman. 
Every time he saw her, he couldn't believe that she was only 16 years 
old. She looked more like a college senior. Lisa had sandy blonde hair 
which fell to just below her shoulders, her face looked like a model's 
except that she still retained that perky cuteness of the teenager she 
was. She was extremely well tanned, benefits from the days she spent 
laying out on the weekends and after cheerleading practice following 
school. But the best thing, at least in Myer's mind, was Lisa's body. Her 
tits were huge for a girl her age. Myer's guessed they were 34C but 
wished he could find out for sure. Best of all, her legs and ass were 
amazing. Completely toned from running track and cheerleading, her long 
legs sprouted from the tighest, firmest ass Myer's had ever laid eyes on. 

     The bell rang announcing the beginning of the 5th hour classes as 
Middle Valley High. Myers approached Lisa from behind, her back to him as 
she knelt to pick up her spilled papers. As she leaned forward on all 
fours to grab one of her handouts, Myers glimpsed her tight cotton 
panties as they grasped her tight ass that was contained withing the 
flimsy fabric. Because it was a football game day, Lisa was wearing her 
cheerleading outfit to school that day. It looked like her panties were 
about two sized too small, as her fleshy ass cheeks hung out both sides 
of the tight elastic around the leg holes in the panties. Myers noticed 
even more how tan the teen was as her white ass stood out from her tan 
legs from the marks that her little bikini had left from tanning. Best of 
all, Myers could make out the little flower designs on the pink cotton 
and his dick began to twitch as he viewed the wonderful sight in front of 
him.

     Myers continued up to his student who, hearing him coming, swung 
around so she was facing the oncoming principal. Seeing who it was, she 
knew she was in trouble for not being in class. She and Myers were the 
only people in the now deserted hallway.

     "I'm sorry Mr. Myers," she said as she tried to explain her 
difficulties. "I dropped my folder and had to pick up my assingments."

     Myers mind began to race as he realized that the beautiful teen 
thought she was in trouble because of her predicament. Remembering that 
his secretary was gone for the week on vacation, he made up his mind to 
get what he had been wanting for so long.

     "Get to my office young lady," the principal said in a stern voice, 
"We'll discuss your being late for class there."

     Dejected, Lisa began to walk down the hallway to the principal's 
office. Myers followed, watching the sway of the young girl's ass from 
behind on the way to the office.

     Once inside his office with the teenager, Myers closed the door and 
pushed the lock button on the handle. Lisa sat down in the chair facing 
his desk and Myers took his seat in front of her.

     "Well young lady, what do you have to say for yourself. This is the 
third time you've been out in the hall after the bell's rang in the last 
two weeks?"

     "I'm sorry Mr Myers, but this time it was an accident. My folder 
slipped."

     "ENOUGH!" Myers said, feigning his anger. "This time something will 
have to be done about this. I think it's time I call your father and tell 
him about your troubles at school."

     "Oh no! Don't do that, I won't be late anymore, I promis. Just don't 
tell my Dad," Lisa said, knowing that her father was already mad at her 
for being late coming home on weekends.

     "Fine, then we'll have to settle your punishment here at school 
then," the principal said as he looked at the young teen's legs as she 
sat in the chair before him. "Get over here for a second."

     "What??" Lisa said, not knowing what the principal meant.

     "I SAID, get over here young lady," Myers commanded again, pointing 
to the floor in front of him.

     Lisa complied, getting out of her chair and slowing walking around 
the desk until she was standing in front of the principal. She had no 
idea what was going on.

     Myers checked out the beautiful young 16 year old that stood before 
him. His eyes started at the medium-heeled black shoes that Lisa wore 
with her cheerleading outfit, paused on the white and black cheerleader 
mini skirt that barely covered her pussy area, continued onto her huge 
tits that struggled against the tight white cheerleading sweater to come 
free, and settled on Lisa's eyes.

     "If you do exactly what I say, you'll be in the clear. If not, I'll 
tell your father whatever I want to. Got it."

     Lisa, who felt extremely awkward as her 37 year old principal lewdly 
looked up and down her body, felt a sudden urge to bolt out the door. 
Stepping quickly to the door, which was just behind her, Lisa attempted 
to turn the handle to gain her freedom. Unaware that the principal had 
locked it, her plan failed and Myers was on her in a second. Grabbing her 
by the ponytail with his right hand and her arm with his left, Myers 
yanked Lisa away from the door, swumg her around and made her stand in 
front of him with her back facing him as he sat in his chair.

     "Listen, you little teenage bitch, what I say goes. Unless you want 
me to tell your father I caught you fucking some asshole in the boy's 
lockeroom. You got that, slut?"

     Lisa didn't respond.

     "I SAID YOU GOT THAT SLUT," Myers said rudely.

     "Yes, Mr. Myers," Lisa said, tears running down her cheeks.

     "Good. Now spread your fucking legs," Myers said as he kicked Lisa's 
right foot to make her spread her legs apart as she was standing in front 
of him. Switching hands so that his left hand could grap the base of her 
ponytail, Myers reach with his right to lift Lisa's short skirt onto her 
back. Finding that it would not stay up because Lisa was still standing 
up straight, Myer's released his grip on the base of her ponytail until 
the end of it was in his hands. Pushing her head down so that she bent 
over at the waist, Myers again lifted the skirt onto her back. This time 
it stayed and Myers enjoyed the first up close view of Lisa's pink panty 
clad ass.

     "Oh yeah. I like your little tight pink panties. I bet they make you 
feel like a little slut don't they?"

     Lisa, overwhelmed at what was happening, said, "Please Mr. Myers... 
don't...

     "SHUTUP bitch," Myers said as he slapped her right ass cheek through 
the panties. "Just relax and enjoy this," he said as he slapped her ass 
again hardly. "I know what you need, you need to get a little lubed and 
loosened up. Get on my desk and fucking spread your legs."

     Lisa obeyed her principal, not wanting anything worse than a 
spanking to happen to her. She sat on Myer's desk, her legs dangling 
closed over the side.

     "Spread those nice legs. Let me see those nice little panties 
again," Myers said as he forced Lisa's legs open with his hands. Seeing 
the her panties, which crawled up into her cunt because they were so 
tight, showing her tan line around her pussy, made Myers drool. "Oh yeah, 
that looks good."

     With that Myers reached to Lisa's panty clad pussy and began to 
stroke at her cunt through the fabric. "I like your panties Lisa, they 
make my dick really fucking hard," the principal said as continued to 
stroke her pussy through the cotton fabric. "Do you like it when your 
panties make my dick hard? I bet you love it when you get guys cocks up 
with your little pink teenage panties, don't you?"

     Lisa began to squirm against the slow rubbing of the principals 
finger against her pussy. She had never been talked to in such a dirty 
way and her mind and pussy were responding to the treatment. Slowly, the 
teen began rotating her hips against the principal's finger, wanting 
harder touching through her panties.

     "Yeah, you like this don't you, you little slut. You love it when I 
play with your panties." Myers noticed a slight wet spot beginning to 
develop through the fabric on Lisa's underwear, making a darker spot on 
the fabric of her panties than elsewhere. "Fucking getting wet, aren't 
you, slut. Let me have a taste of that wet pussy." Myers bent down from 
his chair, pulled Lisa's panties aside with his left hand, and gazed at 
her young pussy. Her tan lines were wonderful, exposing a neatly trimmed 
pussy and a well-oiled cunt. Leaning down, Myers began to flick his 
tongue against the teenager's slit. After teasing her this way for a few 
minutes, Myers ran his tongure from Lisa's asshole to her clit, pausing 
at each hole to lap at the orifce and stick his tongue inside.

     Pausing from his work, Myers said, "You like it when I eat your 
asshold and cunt, don't you Lisa. You love getting your asshole licked. 
Tell me how you like it licked."

     Lisa was on fire from the tongue fucking and licking she was getting 
from her principal. She knew it was wrong, but she loved it. None of the 
high school boys she dated have ever eaten her asshole, let alone eaten 
her pussy very well. Wetness from her cunt trickled down her thighs 
and into her asshole where it was either lapped up by her principal or 
soaked into her panties just below her butthole. Plus, Myers dirty talk 
was turning her on immensely, she readily joined in when he commanded her 
to tell how much she liked it.

     "Ooooohhh yeeahhhhhh. I love getting my asshole licked. Lick that 
assshhhhooollll," she moaned.

      Myers continued to much her asshole and cunt, Lisa literally 
getting soaked at his onslaught. Finally, tiring of it, Myers sat up and 
commanded the teenager, "Take my fucking dick out, slut."

     Lisa, still delirious from Myer's tongue lashing, sat up and 
unzipped the fly on his suit pants. Undoing the button on his pants and 
pulling down his boxers, Myers cock sprung out in her face. Lisa had 
never seen anything so big before. It was at least 9 inches and 
incredibly thick.

     "Yeah... never seen a cock that big before have you kid? It's all 
for you. I told you your panties made my dick hard."

     Myers grabbed Lisa by the ponytail again and commanded her to suck 
his dick. He forced her head onto his engorged cock, literally face 
fucking his teenage student. Lisa couldn't believe how big Myer's cock 
was, saliva ran down her cheeks and down the shaft of Myers cock as she 
tried desperately to keep from gagging as he forced his dick down her 
throat. Finally, after what seemed like hours, Myers relented, feeling 
the cum rising from his balls. He wanted to make sure he fucked the teen 
before he came.

      "Put your hands on the desk," Myers commanded. Lisa turned her back 
toward Myers and placed her hands on the edge of his desk, her back and 
ass facing the principal. Myers sat down in his chair and began stroking 
his hard cock. "Play with your panties and pussy for me, slut."

      Lisa reached back with her right hand, pulled her now soaking 
panties to the side over her right ass cheeck and began to finger her own 
cunt. She looked over her left shoulder at Myers as he watched her show 
while he stroked his dick.

      Myers, realizing he couldn't hold back much longer, stood up and 
pushed Lisa's face to his desk. "Stick that little teenage ass up in the 
air, bitch. I've been wanting to see that for a long time."

     Lisa obeyed, thrusting her hips back and her ass out as she lay on 
all fours on Myers desk. The principal, seeing that her little panties 
had covered her ass and pussy again while Lisa readjusted her position, 
began stroking his dick on Lisa's panties, moving it from her asshold, up 
and down the crack of her panty clad ass, and into the sopping area that 
covered her pussy.

     "OOHHH YEAHHHHH.." Lisa moaned as Myers teased her, "That feels 
sooooo fucking goood."

     Finally, overcome with lust, Myers reached down and yanked Lisa's 
panties to the right side, causing the elastic to dig into her ass and 
thigh on the left side. He continued to pull and yank until the panties 
ripped, leaving the panties still on the 16 year old but torn to shreds.
Slapping her ass with his right hand, Myers impaled the teenager with his 
full 9 inches and began fucking her.

     "Yeah, your a tight little slut aren't you, bitch. Tell me how you 
love that cock."

     "I loooovvvveee it. Ooohhhhhh, you're fucking meeeeee. Fuucccckkkk 
meeeeeee. Fuccckkkk me. I love that big hard dick."

     Myers grabbed the teenagers ass with both hands and began to fuck 
her violenting from behind. Lisa tried to throw back her ass with each 
thrust to get even more of the principals dick into her if it was 
possible. Slowing his pace, just barely, Myers released his grip on the 
teens tight young butt cheeks and told her to spread them herself.

     "Reach back and spread that ass, you little teenage slut."

     Lisa did as she was told, reaching back with both hands to spread 
her ass cheeks. Myers watched as the teenagers fingers, her fingernails 
painted bright red, dug into her own ass as she spread herself.

     "You like my ass don't you Principal Myers," Lisa said as Myers 
continued to ram her tight pussy. "You like fucking a little teenage 
slut, don't you."

     Myers reached down and inserted his thumb into Lisa's asshole, her 
anus sucked his finger in just as her cunt grabbed at the 9 inch pole in 
that hole.

     "Tell me to spank your ass, bitch," Myers said.

     "Ooohhh yeahh. Spank that little teenage ass while you fuck my tight 
cunt Principal Myers," Lisa said as she enjoyed the fucking.

     Myers began to spank the 16 year old's ass as he fucked her doggy 
style on his desk, rotating from her right to left ass cheek, spanking 
her so hard that red hand marks appeared on her white ass.

     Finally, Myers relented and pulled his throbbing cock out of Lisa's 
pussy, her cunt lips gaping open as the huge dick exited. Without 
pausing, Myer's adjusted his aim and rammed his cock into Lisa's asshole, 
the teenager's ass so tight that he only managed to get the head of his 
dick in on the first impaling.

     "GOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!," Lisa screamed, up until that moment no 
one had ever shoved a dick in her ass. Adjusting to the tightess, Myers 
continued to thrust, managing to get his dick halfway up the teenager's 
asshole. Lisa, enjoying the ass fucking, threw herself back onto the 
dick, getting the entire 9 inches shoved up her asshole. Myers was in 
heaven, he had never felt anything so tight.

     After fucking Lisa in the ass for about 5 minutes, Myers withdrew, 
leaving the 16 year old's asshole gaping from his exit. He then began to 
fuck the teen in the pussy and then the asshold, rotating each hole as 
the other gaped open, begging for cock again.

     "Oohhhhh yeahhhhhhh," Lisa said, cumming for about the 5th time that 
afternoon, "Fuck that little teenage pussy and ass. Fuck it, give me that 
big dick."

     Myer knew he couldn't hold back much longer and Lisa, sensing this, 
pushed him over the edge saying, "Treat me like the teenage slut that I 
am, Mr. Myers. Fuck that teen cunt and ass, shove it in. My tight little 
teenage ass loves your big dick, fucking loves. Treat me like a whore, a 
fucking teenage whore."

    Myers couldn't stand it anymore. With a final thrust, he buried his 
cock deep into Lisa's cunt, releasing a tremendous load of cum deep 
inside her pussy. Pulling out, he jammed his dick into her ass, pumping 
another load of jism deep inside her bowels. Finally, pulling out of her 
ass, Myers came directly on her asshold, a gushing load that settled in 
the gaping hold and ran down into her still gaping and cum-sopped cunt. 
Beating his cock on either ass cheek to let the rest of his cum settle 
there, Myers began running his slowly deflating dick up and down the 
teen's ass crack, enjoyin the view of her cumsoaked pussy and ass. He 
couldn't have been happier.

   Suddenly, Lisa and Myers heard the jingling of keys on the door to his 
office, the door swung open and there stood Ron, the high school 
janitor.......... 



