
                              PAPERGRL.TXT -- 1/1

                           T H E   P A P E R G I R L

                                  By: Bobbi C


"Lisa, Marie's here again. Pay the girl, now," Ed Maxwell said. Lisa
Maxwell, at 27, was a tall and strikingly lovely woman. Her husband was
going away for the weekend of fishing with his buddies.

The newspaper girl, Marie, came up the walkway with a bundle of papers in
her hand.

"Hi, Mrs. Maxwell!," the girl said cheerily. Lisa leaned out of the door,
and stared dreamily at the young woman.  Marie wore tight slacks, and a
T-shirt. Lisa watched as the girl bent over to pick up a coin she'd
dropped.

Lisa's heart fluttered nervously as she saw the girl's ass outlined in the
slacks. Lisa could also see the outline of the girl's panties through the
worn material.

The woman put her hands on her crotch, through her skirt. She fingered
herself gently for a few seconds as she watched the girl. Marie had light
brown hair that was of medium length, thus she didn't seem as avant-garde
as most girls of her punk generation.  Marie was slender, just over
five-feet four, and just eighteen years old. Her eyes caught Mrs. Maxwell.

Lisa was rubbing her aching crotch before the girl's very eyes. She dug
into her purse, scooped up some change, and handed it to the girl. Mrs.
Maxwell was dark haired with smoldering femininity.

"Here's the change for this week. Oh... Oh, Marie, my husband isn't going
to be here this weekend. Why don't you come around, and mow the grass
tomorrow? I'll pay you five dollars, and I'll fix a snack."

"Gee, Mrs. Maxwell, that would be super. I need the money. You see I'm
hoping to go to New York this summer with my older sister. I need some new
clothes."

"Good, come tomorrow," Lisa said. Her husband approached her. "I've taken
care of her, honey." she told him.

They closed the door. "Lisa, what are you looking at?," Ed asked. There was
nobody to see, but the departing papergirl on her bike. Under her breath
Lisa said, "what a lucky bike seat!"

She read the paper, and her husband finished packing. Lisa thought the next
day would never roll around. She was glad to see Ed off as he drove away to
meet his friends.

The girl knocked on the door at the appointed hour. Lisa opened the door.
She was wearing nothing but a bikini bottom with a pool robe over it. In
fact, Lisa Maxwell's body was shown off to good advantage. There wasn't an
ounce of superfluous fat on her entire body.

"Come in and have a coke, Marie," Lisa said. "I've just working out here."

"Gee," the impressionable girl said. "You work out, too?"

"Uh huh."

"So do I, Mrs. Maxwell! I thought you were in pretty good condition.

"I thought you were too, Marie. Would you like to go for a dip in the pool
before you cut the grass?"

"Sure, Mrs. Maxwell, I'd really like that!"

Lisa led Marie out to the pool area. She watched carefully as the girl
stripped to her tight white cotton panties. They were all of two sizes to
small for the girl. The combed cotton stretched tight over the girl's
perfect ass. When Marie turned to face Lisa, she displayed a the lines of
her pussy at the crotch.

Lisa felt her own cunt begin to get warm. Quickly, she dove into the pool,
and surfaced just in time to see Marie adjust her panties, and dive in.

They horse played for about fifteen minutes, and then climbed out of the
pool, and laid on lounge chairs beside of each other.

Marie's panties were almost transparent from being soaked. Lisa could
clearly see the outline of the girl's pussy. In fact, the panties were so
tight she could make every detail of the girl's cunt. As her eyes raised to
meet the girl's eyes, she saw that Marie was looking directly at Lisa's
crotch. As the girl's eyes strained to take in the woman's pussy, Lisa's
pussy gave an involuntary jump.

"I wear a bikini bottom a lot, Marie. I like the way my cunt feels while
wearing one. It feels almost like a hand holding me."

"I wear one in gym class. The rest of the time I wear my cotton panties,"
Marie said.

"It looks like those you are wearing now are a little tight for you,
Marie."

"These are my oldest pair, but they feel real good... tight, Mrs. Maxwell,
I like 'em this way."

"But," Lisa Maxwell said, "if you wear them too tight they can cause damage
to your pussy, and cut your crotch a bit."

Marie stood up facing Lisa. She ran her fingers under the leg holes and
said, "I don't think they're that tight!"

Lisa sat up facing the girl, "here, let me see."

Lisa ran the fingers of both hands under and around the leg holes. She let
her fingers slip slightly inside to caress Marie's cunt lips. She ran her
opened palm over the bulge made by the girl's mons.

Marie's pussy reacted to the caress, and began to wet her panties.

"These fit you real nice, Marie, but, it looks like they're getting a
little damp. You're getting aroused," Lisa said.

"Gee, Mrs. Maxwell. I just can't help it."

Lisa said, "I know, Marie, I'm getting excited in my bikini too. See? It
feels very good to get that way inside of my panties.

"Yea, I know. I like to feel my pussy through the cotton the way you are
doing now. Sometimes, I just can't quit till I've messed them."

"Maybe we'd better go inside and dry off."

Marie followed Lisa into the house and on into the bedroom. Lisa grabbed
two towels, and began drying the girl's back. When Marie turned to face
Lisa, she displayed the wetness in her panties. Her cunt showed in detail
through the wet cotton. Lisa's pussy was tight against her bikini panties,
and she pressed it against Lisa's young cunt. The material of the panties
and bikini rubbed together causing both females to feel a surge of
excitement.

Lisa sat down on the bed, and without a word pulled Marie's crotch to her
face. She nibbled at the outline of the straining pussy.

"Oh! Mrs. Maxwell, that's wonderful! Go for it, please!!!!!" Lisa, slowly
skinned the girl's panties down to reveal her wet pussy. The girl oozed
drops of cunt juice from her pussy which Lisa lapped up with her tongue.
Marie's eyes rolled back as she felt the first taste of the woman's lips on
her young cunt. It immediately thrust forward, hot, ready, and randy.
Marie's mouth watered as she experienced a strange sensation. She put her
hands on the woman's head. Lisa licked up and down on the juicy cunt. She
nibbled at the girl's pubic bush. She took in all she could of what the
young girl had to give.

Marie's shoulders shivered, and a chill ran up her back. When Lisa's left
hand reached up, and a finger punctured the sanctity of her pussy, the girl
shivered again.

"Oh! No, Mrs. Maxwell... I don't care if you eat me but no girl's gonna
fuck me, I swear! I'm not no Lesbian!"

The woman took her fingers away. She loved the feeling of all this
girl-flesh at her mouth. It was warm and juicy, and succulent to her
ravenous taste buds.

The girl's brown locks flung over her forehead. She reared her head back,
and let the woman's tongue experience the full flavor of her hot pussy. Her
teen pussy was pressed hard against woman's mouth. She felt her clit
getting a licking. It was mad, wonderful, and delicious to be sucked by the
bikinied woman. She had never had her cunt against anybody's mouth before.

The girl's legs spread further apart. She wanted to have this experience
deep, indelibly in her mind forever. After this moment, she would know that
getting eaten was the inevitable fruit of being a young girl of eighteen.

The woman was nursing on her pussy, collecting all those rampant oils of
girlhood to womanhood that were so eager to flow! The girl needed to give
the woman her load of girl cum.

Up until then the girl thought that playing with her clit was her greatest
thrill. Now, with this athletic young wife's mouth clamped securely on her
hard wanton flesh, she would never again settle just for getting simply
frigged!

"Do it, lady! Do it!," she cried to the woman. "It's great, Mrs. Maxwell! I
love, lady!"

There was no question but that the girl was telling the truth. Her cunt
yearned for the woman's mouth. Almost as if by extra sensory messages the
woman laid back on the bed and pulled Marie upon her, and took the young
girl's pussy onto her mouth.

The girl rocked back and forth as the woman ate her cunt once more.

"Do it, Mrs. Maxwell! Make me come... All the way, lady," the randy girl
moaned. She was in the mood for rockets to blast in her brain. The hunting
horn of sensual lust clouded her thinking. There were wild dreams flowing
through her head.

Lisa licked at the clit, circling it with her mouth, hoping her tongue was
as pleasing to the girl as her pussy was to her.

There was nothing to do but suck the hot cum out of the girl, then figure a
way to fuck her with the dildo that Lisa kept for just such Lesbian
occasions later. Lisa Maxwell was not used to people refusing her anything.
If she wanted cock, then her husband would have to give it to her. If she
wanted to get her dildo into this girl's pussy, she'd damn well do it, and
no arguments!

Suddenly Marie bucked hard.

"Oh! Oh!! Oh!!!," Sighed the girl as her passion reached an insane peak,
and she began to ooze her hot juices in rivers, and there was only one
reservoir to catch it. Lisa's eager hot mouth!

The woman felt the girl's pussy release the liquids that she had longed
for. This was pure naked, raw lust that knew no moral bounds. The girl's
cunt quivered as her juice erupted into the woman's wet mouth.

Lisa took all of it that she could get, and when she had about wrenched
every last drop, she let go of the girl. Marie was temporarily exhausted.

As Marie was recovering, Lisa shoved her drenched panties against the
girl's spent pussy.

"Marie, you have the tightest looking pussy I've ever seen. You could make
a good fifty dollars a week more on your route if you knew what to do with
that juicy hot cunt of yours."

"No Ma'am! I can't do something like that! I'm not a prostitute!"

"Words... just words!" Lisa said. "I don't want morality! I want to fuck
you with my dildo!"

"Fifty bucks a week? No, Mrs. Maxwell, I won't do that!"

"Sure you can, girl! Sell your cunt to me, Marie, and I'll make you real
happy."

"Can we go for a swim now, Mrs. Maxwell?" Marie asked the woman.

"Sure, Marie, let's go!"

As Marie climbed out off of Lisa Maxwell's bed, she couldn't help staring
at Lisa's pussy-juice soaked bikini panties. "Gee, Mrs. Maxwell, I sure
would like to see your cunt... all hard wet that!" The girl said.

"Okay, Marie. Let's go out to the pool and I'll let you look at it as much
as you want."

Lisa followed Marie out to the pool. She watched Marie's cute bubble-butt
bounce ever so slightly in front of her. She would have to figure a way to
get that girl's pussy. She wanted it more than anything else on earth.
Marie dove in and Lisa followed, both emerging on the opposite side of the
pool. Lisa pulled herself out of the water and sat on the edge. Marie was
treading water directly in front of her.

Lisa saw Marie's eyes were directed to her wet, green, bikini panties. Lisa
looked down at her pussy aching for release from the tight nylon
encasement. The girl was really interested in her pussy, and she decided to
give the girl a show. She stood, and walked to the diving board. At it's
end, she took a diving pose, and jutted her hips forward so the girl could
see the straining outline of her cunt, and her large breasts. She dove into
the water, and surfaced right in front of Marie.

"Ok, Marie. You want to see my pussy? I'm going to show it to you."

Once again she climbed from the pool, and climbed to the diving board. She
dropped her hands to her crotch, and began fingering her cunt through the
material. Marie's eyes never left Lisa's crotch. Lisa fingered her pussy
over and over, then began inching the bikini bottom down over her hot cunt.

The pussy was covered by a small V-shaped thatch of pubic hair. Lisa began
a slow fingering motion never, taking her eyes from the girl. As she pushed
and pulled at her creaming cunt, a the wetness spread all over her crotch.
The late afternoon sun made the wet area glisten. Then Lisa dove into the
water, and surfaced again in front of the girl.

Marie felt Lisa's hot cunt rub up and over her pussy and belly as the woman
surfaced. She was led to the shallow end of the pool by Lisa. Once they
were at crotch level with the water, Marie could see Lisa's pussy up close.

"Wouldn't you like to play with it a little for me? Even maybe want to put
your mouth over this, Marie?"

"Can I play with it all the way? Let me make you cum up real close?" Marie
asked.

Lisa led the girl to the steps of the pool. She sat on the top one with
Marie facing her from a lower step. She reached for Marie's hand, and
placed it around her pussy. The girl reached up with her other hand, and
began feeling Lisa Maxwell's big breasts.

"You have big breasts, lady. Real big! I hope mine get as big as yours are.
Are you going to let me make you cum?"

"If that's what you want Marie. In fact, why don't you just keep touching
my pussy like you're doing, but, I want you to put your mouth on it when I
cum."

"I haven't ever done that before, Mrs. Maxwell. You promise you won't tell
anybody if I do it?"

Lisa laughed, and assured the girl that her pussy licking secret was safe
with her.

Lisa Maxwell thought to herself that once the Marie got her off, she could
use that information to make the Marie let her fuck her with her dildo.

Marie couldn't resist placing her mouth over Lisa's pussy just like the
woman had done for her. Marie felt her own pussy ooze juice again. She knew
enough to keep her teeth out of the way, and she licked Lisa like an
experienced pussy licker. Faster and faster, up and down on Lisa's pussy.
Lisa moaned as her climax approached. She clung to the edges of the pool as
she felt the delight of hot female cum roll into the lust-crazed mouth of
the young papergirl. It was hot and abundant. Some of it glistened at the
corners of Marie's mouth.

For the first time in Marie's life she felt, and tasted a woman oozing a
load of hot female juice into her pussy sucking mouth. The taste of the
woman, and the feel of the cunt swelling oozing combined to convince Marie
that she would be a pussy licker forever. More hot juice filled Marie's
mouth. She gulped it all down.

Finally the juice stopped, and Marie continued to suck until all but the
very life was sucked from Lisa Maxwell's pussy. After they broke their hold
on each other, Lisa began to horseplay with the girl in the pool. The girl
got on the woman's shoulders. Then Marie's cunt warmed on the back of the
woman's neck. Lisa turned around, and pressed her hungry mouth against the
cunt!  She was going to eat the girl out in the pool. She led the girl to
the corner of the shallow end of the pool. She took the girl's pussy at her
mouth again.

It tasted funny mixed with the chlorinated water. Tasted even better, sort
of salty and medicinal! She sucked the cunt until it was red. She took the
girl's cunt, and sucked it with all the violence of a vacuum cleaner. She
suctioned the girl's randy pussy until it was aching with the need to cum
again.

Engaged in the eternal quest of Lesbian love, Lisa knew the girl could
easily afford to give her some more of her juices. After all, girls of that
age were always horny, everyone knew that, and they could easily cum many
times every day.

Marie's orgasm was almost upon her. The girl's arms gripped the edges of
the pool behind her. Her fingers snarled and tightened as the woman's mouth
enclosed her flesh, and made it crave for more in violent horniness!

Marie's pussy came again against Lisa's mouth. The girl's teenaged juices
again filled her mouth. Unlike Marie, Lisa didn't miss a drop of the girl's
nectar.

Marie released her grip of the pool edge and slumped into the corner of the
pool. The water was waist high. Lisa released Marie's drained pussy.

"Please, Marie, please... Think about what I said. Sell me your pussy,
baby. I really need to fuck you. I really need it, Marie."

As Marie walked home, she had so many emotions running through her head.
She actually had eaten Lisa Maxwell's pussy. She had wanted too.

Lisa Maxwell wanted to fuck her with a dildo. She began to wonder what it
might feel like. She hoped her family had nothing planned for the evening
because she wanted time alone. Time to think. Time to decide how she felt
about herself, and the things that had taken place in the afternoon at Mrs.
Maxwell's home.

After dinner with her parents and older sister, Marie went to her room.
Nothing had been planned because her mother and dad were going to a
friend's birthday party.

Lying across her bed, Marie thought of taking a shower. Though she felt
clean from the pool, a shower seemed to make her feel better.

After showering she donned a fresh pair of panties, and laid across her
bed. She wondered if her older sister Peg had ever done anything like that.
Peg was only fifteen months older but, Marie looked up to her like an
adult.

A knock at her bedroom door startled Marie.

The door opened before Marie could say "come in." It was Peg. She carried
some record albums with her.

"These are the albums you loaned to Wendy Hollander. She asked me to bring
them back to you. She taped them and said 'thanks'."

"Peg, can I talk to you for a few minutes?"

"Sure, Marie. You can talk to me about anything."

Marie paused then said, "this is confidential. I never want mom or dad to
find out about this, Peg."

"Hey! I'm your sister. I'd never repeat anything you ever told me, Marie."

"Okay, well.. err... Have you ever messed around with a girl?"

Peg sat down on the edge of Marie's bed. She looked at the panty-clad girl.
Peg was wearing just her cutoffs and a halter top. Both girls were tan and
beautiful.

"You mean like playing with each other, and stuff like that?"

"Yea. Stuff like that," Marie mumbled.

"Why are you asking me this?"

"Well, I just wanted to know," Marie replied.

After a long pause, Peg looked into her younger sister's eyes and said,
"Yes, a few times."

Marie noticed how Peg was looking into her eyes. It was the same look that
Mrs. Maxwell had in her eyes. She felt a stirring in her panties. She
glanced down at her crotch to see her pussy begin wetting the white cotton.

Peg's eyes dropped to her sister's crotch. Seeing her Marie sister becoming
aroused made Peg's cunt react also.

Marie began telling Peg all of the details of her encounter with Mrs.
Maxwell. She even told Peg how much she had enjoyed sucking the cum out of
Mrs. Maxwell's cunt.

By the time Marie had finished her story, both sisters were fully aroused.
Peg had squirmed around on the edge of the bed to make her pussy more
comfortable under her cut offs. Marie's little teen cunt was pressing at
the tight, white, cotton panties.

Once again, Peg looked in Marie's eyes and asked, "Would you like to do it
with each other, little sister?"

"Do you want to?" Marie asked.

Peg reached over, and began to rub her palm over Marie's breasts. She
worked her fingers down the smooth belly, and to the wet panties. Slowly
she feathered her fingers over the outline of the throbbing, imprisoned
pussy. Marie began to moan.

Peg fingered Marie's pussy through the cotton. Marie reached over and
grabbed her older sister's pussy though the blue jean cutoffs.

"Wow! It feels like little sister has grown some big tits . A nice big pair
of tits. Marie, want me to take my shorts, and let you suck it like you did
to that woman's pussy today?"

Marie smiled as Peg stood, and unbuttoned her shorts letting them drop to
the floor. Her bikini panties were already wet. Marie reached up, and ran
her fingers over the nylon encased pussy. The moment her fingers touched
her sister's cunt, Peg sucked in air as if she'd experienced an electrical
shock. Marie fingered her sister's cunt through the material until a wet
spot formed over the pussy. Then she pulled the white bikini over Peg's hot
pussy. Juice was oozing from the slit. As if by habit, Marie opened her
mouth and brought it to her sister's cunt. Doing just as Mrs. Maxwell had
instructed her to do earlier, Marie tongue fucked the opening, lapping up
the fuck lube.

Peg began wreathing back and forth as Marie sucked more and more of her
juices into her mouth. Up and down, up and down, Marie licked.

Peg saw that Marie's panties were soaked from cum drippings. She reached
over, and pulled them over the cunt. She had seen Marie's cunt many times
when they were in the shower, but had never seen it hot and wet, and
anxious to cum. It looked very red. Peg began to finger it a little, and
then she pushed Marie further back on the bed until they lay in the 69
position.

"Little sister likes sucking so much, maybe I should try some of this," Peg
said taking Marie's teen cunt at her mouth.

The speed of their tongue fucking increased in tempo. Marie loved the feel
of her pussy being tongued by her older sister. She knew she couldn't wait
to cum. The pussy in her mouth was oozing juice.

They rolled around so that Marie was straddling Peg's shoulders, and Peg
was lying on her back. Marie screamed out that she couldn't wait anymore,
and began to orgasm at Peg's mouth. Her juices filled Peg's throat as she
swallowed gulp after gulp of the girl's cum.

Marie jerked as spasms flooded through her body. Sweat poured from her
forehead onto Peg's face. As the last droplets of juice were being sucked
out of her pussy, she fell onto the bed beside of her sister.

Looking into Peg's face, Marie said, "there's something else I want to tell
you. Mrs. Maxwell wants to fuck me with her dildo. I'm a little scared of
that."

"Well, Marie, maybe you need your big sister to break you in. Think you can
take a dildo in your pussy?"

"I don't know, but I think I'd rather try it with you before Mrs. Maxwell
sticks that big thing of her's in me," Marie admitted.

Peg's pussy was still pointed at little sister's mouth. She smiled at the
girl and said, "Tell you what we're gonna do. Wendy Hollander has about a
five inch dildo. Not big around at all either. She fucks me with it when we
fool around with each other. I'll give her a call, and invite her over.
We'll work out a scheme to get her to fuck you first. Then, after she's
opened you up, I'll take over. But, right now, You got to take care of this
hot pussy of mine, little sister."

"Yeah, let me suck you till it cums," Marie said.

"No, I tell you what I'd like to do. I want you to put on a pair of clean
panties, and come back to your bed."

Marie got up and ran to her dresser. She pulled out a pair of snow white
cotton panties, and started to pull them up her legs. She walked back over
to Peg, picked up her worn panties, and wiped off her cunt. Then, she
pulled the fresh panties up her legs. She laid down on the bed again and
awaited Peg's instructions.

Peg pushed her sister back on the bed, climbed on top of her, and stretched
out. As she planted a kiss on Marie's lips, she slid her dripping pussy
against Marie's panties. "This may seem like a strange way of getting off,
but Wendy and I do this all the time together." Peg began humping against
Marie.

Marie loved the feeling of her older sister rubbing her pussy against her
inside of her panties. She loved the feeling of Peg's warm body hunching
into her. She had never felt this affection and closeness with Peg.

"Damn! Marie! I love fucking you in your panties. I've wanted to do this
for so long with you, but was afraid to approach you. Kiss me, little
sister."

Marie opened her mouth to welcome Peg's tongue.

Peg moaned, and buried her tongue deep into her sister's mouth as she felt
her pussy against the tight white cotton of her sister's panties. She could
feel her sister's hot pussy fucking against her own within the confines of
the single pair of fresh white panties.

"I'm gonna cum now, Marie," Peg whispered into her sister's ear."

"Yea... Me too, all over again. Peg..."

"Yea?"

"I love you, sister," Marie said.

Peg's body began to spasm. Her butt jutted forward pushing her pussy
against Marie's panties, and gushed her first squirt of cum.

Marie cried out and hunched up, pressing her own cumming pussy against
Peg's.

Both girl's bodies slammed against each other's as their hot cum blended
together soaking Marie's panties.

When their breathing subsided to a natural rhythm, both girls held each
other in their arms. Then, Peg stood up, and looked down at her sister. She
reached down, and pulled the cum soaked panties off of the girl's legs. She
picked up her own clothes in her other hand, and walked to Marie's bedroom
door. She held her clothes in one hand, and Marie's cum drenched panties in
her other hand. She turned to face Marie, and said tenderly, "I love you
too, little sister."

