Archive-name: Changes/paradsl2.txt
Archive-author: Donna Baker
Archive-title: Paradise Lodge - 2


After ten weeks of training, I was finally ready for my first day on the
job at Margaret Whittaker's Paradise Lodge.  As did all new girls, I
would spend my first day merely wandering up and down the halls using a
feather duster.  At Paradise Lodge, however, there was a bit more to the
job than at a normal hotel!
  I was specially costumed for my task.  My pretty feet were arched
gracefully into a pair of black six-inch heeled pumps.  My classic black
seamed stockings disappeared beneath the flared bottom of my stretchy
black satin-finish hobble skirt at mid-calf.  The fanny of my skirt was
completely open halfway down my thighs, exposing my nether globes and my
pink and black garters.  My panties covered my buns completely with a
transparent whisper of black, with a thick row of lacy, pink-edged black
frills right down the center.
  The top of my dress was smooth black satin in the back.  It had large,
puffed up sleeves, and narrowed dramatically to my severely corseted
waist.  The front was like my fanny, an incredible profusion of black
ruffles with pink trim.  Yards and yards of silky, rustling, swirls were
built up into a bountiful, busty figure.
  My delicate hands, sporting long, pink-polished nails, further
enhanced my aura of helplessness and accessibility; they were bound with
golden handcuffs to my heavy black leather belt.  I wielded a feather
duster with a suggestively smooth, slender gold handle.  My ankles were
connected with an eight-inch length of gold chain, which with my narrow
skirt, made it quite impossible for me escape a guest's advances.
  My face was made up in doll-like innocence, with bright blush, sky
blue eyeshadow, and ultra-long lashes.  My frosty pink painted lips were
stretched around a black rubber ball-gag, held in place with a slender
gold chain.  My hair was short, snappy, and black.  The contrast of a
mature woman (I was ... over thirty) wearing a very youthful costume and
makeup was especially attractive to the younger male guests.
  As a final indignity, a stout golden chain was clipped with a simple
snap fastener to a ring on the back of my belt, where my manacled hands
could not reach it.  The other end of the chain was attached to a runner
that rode on a trolley wire down the center of the main hall.  It was
long enough for me to dust the antique tables with their sculptures and
vases using my long-handled duster, but not so long that I could rest my
poor feet by sitting in one of the lovely pink satin brocade chairs.
  Of course, any guest could release me at any time.
  For any purpose.
  Now, to be completely fair to the reader, I suppose I should reveal a
couple of little secrets.  Firstly, and just between us girls, my
breasts were not strictly my own real flesh; they were thoroughly
convincing prostheses, so cleverly constructed they not only looked, but
even felt real!
  Secondly, down in the black lace nest between my legs, was "a little
something extra."
  Well, to be perfectly honest, a pretty big something extra.
  Firmly trapped beneath all the lycra and nylon and leather was my
thick, meaty cock, embedded in a silken prison and strapped firmly to my
thigh!  With every precarious step I took, its effeminate confines
generated a delicious friction.  At the least excuse, it started to
swell, coming up painfully against the limits of its restrictive sheath.
  The exquisite sensations overwhelmed me on that first morning, as they
would again and again as the months passed: the pains in my stilted
feet; the cool breeze playing over my almost-naked fanny; my long,
feathery lashes fluttering before my eyes; the quiet clatter of the
chains at my wrist, waist, and ankles; my inability to draw a deep
breath against the unforgiving strength of my corset; the slither of my
tight skirt over my sheer hose as I walked; the ache of my jaws
stretched over the gag.
  I remember vividly the guests whom I served that first day.  As each
one walked past me down the hall, my heart skipped in anticipation!  A
young man, perhaps a first-time guest, stopped to look me over.
Hesitantly, almost apologetically, he reached out to touch my clothes.
I stood quite still while he brushed over the frills on my bodice,
afraid to startle him, not knowing whether he would find my special
surprise or not!
  He was fascinated by the soft billowing folds of my dress.  He
couldn't help but wonder how much was fluff, and how much was me!  He
felt my surprise before he saw it.  Parting the silky ruffles with both
hands, he discovered a perky pair of bare breasts buried deep in their
midst!  His hands dropped in surprise, and the costume sprang back to
conceal my treasures!  Delighted with his new-found toy, he was trying
to part the ruffles by puffing air at them when one of the other staff
members interrupted him.  A tall, powerful, leather-clad dominatrix, she
quite literally drug him away from me by one ankle!
  A quiet, scholarly-looking matron with a somewhat heavy figure
approached me soon afterward.  "How remarkable!" she commented as she
inspected my costume most carefully.  She bent down to examine my ankle
chains.
  "Why, this is terrible," she said as she noted my heels.  "Don't these
shoes hurt your feet, dear?" she inquired.  I could only nod and shift
my weight uncomfortably.
  "Oh, dear!" she muttered as touched my ankle and ran her hand up my
leg.  She was gentle, but her sympathetic caress seemed almost sensual.
Then, "Oh, dear!" again as she probed and felt the strength with which
my skirt held my legs clasped together.
  "Oh no!  How can you breath?" she exclaimed when her hands discovered
the corset encircling my tiny waist.  I encouraged her solicitous
fondling with my most sorrowful expression.  Her large, tender eyes
melted.
  "This is positively unacceptable!" she pronounced, and proceeded to
inspect my lacy bosom.
  "Oh my heavens!" she jumped when my large brown nipples first peeked
through the forest.  She scurried around behind me and her nervous hands
parted the ruffles on my panties.  Another exclamation accompanied her
realization that my ass was just as accessible to her as my mouth and
breasts!  Without thinking, she slid her fingers up and down the crack
of my fanny, hypnotized by the feel of my downy skin and the soft
ruffles.
  Her academic curiosity could not be satisfied there, and she soon
found my cock.  She held it, stroked it, and toyed with it for several
delicious seconds before she finally realized what she held, then
dropped it like a snake!
  "Sweet Jesus!" she shuddered, her hands fluttering about her mouth.
She blushed even redder as she heard herself blaspheme.  "Oh, my
goodness!  What am I saying?" she asked herself, and fell into a nearby
chair.
  I was worried for her, so stood beside her.  She simply stared at me
in disbelief.  By straining my chains, I managed to grasp her hand in
mine.  They were rough; I would guess she enjoyed gardening.
  "I teach English, dear," she said as she regained her composure.  "I'm
here to find out for myself what sensuality is, instead of taking it
from dusty old novels."  She shook her head.  "I never really expected
anything this bizarre!
  "Tell me," she suddenly asked, "are you being who you want to be?"
  What a silly question!  My vigorous nod of assent was reinforced by a
smile even my ball gag couldn't hide.
  She looked at me questioningly.  "But it's so vulgar, so degrading!"
  How could I explain with my mouth full of rubber?  I was not degraded,
but exalted, by my state.  Why I was more attractive, more tempting,
more wanted than I could ever hope to be as a mere man!  I could only
soften my eyes and shake my head in gentle disagreement.
  "But why, dear?  Why do you do this?"  She had to ask, even if I
couldn't answer.
  Except I could!
  Still holding her hand I shuffled backwards in my chains.  I led her
down the hall to another of the tables and nodded towards it.  She
opened the little drawer and found writing materials.
  "Oh!  You want to write it out!"
  "Uhmmm, uhmmm!" I grunted, shaking my head.
  "But there's nothing else here but a ruler!"
  I nodded.  She picked up the wooden stick, and I led her back to her
chair.
  Smiling sweetly with my eyes, I turned around and bent over from the
waist, presenting my smoke covered ass as a gift.
  "But what ..." she started.  I turned my head to stare meaningfully at
the ruler in her hands.
  "Oh, I couldn't!  Not like this!"
  I nodded.
  Still somewhat confused, she plucked up her resolve and gave me a
light, awkward stroke.  I couldn't help but swirl my hips in delicious
anticipation!
  After her second feeble swing, I turned and gave her my widest, most
innocent, most eager nod of encouragement!  She tried again, this time
with more effect.
  When she stood up and repositioned me, I knew I had her!
  She came around beside me, facing my rear, and reached one arm around
my slender waist to support me, giving her an ideal angle for spanking
my fanny!  I abandoned myself to the rhythm of her stinging swats.
  She could feel my passion; my ass rose to meet every stroke!  When the
supple wooden stick broke, she hardly missed a beat, using her open
hand.
  I was so alive!  I was a mass of bare nerve endings, each screaming
for attention!  With each blow, my insistent, throbbing penis swelled
and strained painfully to break free of its carapace.  I could feel
every single stitch in silk liner, every irregularity in the stout
leather strap.  The stiff edge of my open-toed pumps seemed to be
slicing right through my toe; surely, the naked bones of my feet were
supporting my weight over burning matches!  Each steel corset stay, bent
almost double in its endeavor to restrain my middle, sought revenge by
trying to grind out a bloody red welt.
  All the ordinary discomforts of womanhood were amplified by my
costume!  And rising slowly, ever higher, was the river of heat pouring
from this marvelous lady's strong hands, inundating the myriad minor
hurts in a flood of raw sensation!  Higher and higher the fire rose,
until I was lost, over my head!  I bucked and heaved, moaning and
sobbing, as the withering blast of orgasm rattled my being.
  Losing myself completely, I slumped, until the narrow leather belt
around my middle took my weight, suspending me by my golden tether from
the ceiling!  I was denied the bliss of fainting by the need to breathe!
  I straightened up.
  She was massaging her hands; both were glowing with the heat of my
abused body.  Her hair was disheveled, matted here and there around her
face with sweat.
  But her eyes!  They were positively glowing with the awareness of what
she had done to me.  She, too, had come alive!  Her cheeks were flushed,
her nostrils flared, her breathing rapid and deep.  She had exercised
her emotions as surely as her arms!
  "My gosh that was exciting!"  I nearly choked trying to suppress a
laugh at her naive enthusiasm!
  "I never would have believed it!"  She grasped my hands in hers.  "You
actually achieved sexual satisfaction, did you not?  This is
extraordinary!"
  I could only nod again, and smile with my eyes as she wandered back
towards her room.  "I must record my emotions in my journal
immediately!" I heard her mumble as she faded away.
  I seldom got what I most wanted at any given moment while working at
Paradise Lodge, though overall, I couldn't imagine a better position.
On my first day, however, I got lucky.  One of our other guests, a
doctor, I believe, had been watching the English teacher making her
discoveries.
  Before I could retire to the staff quarters to straighten my
appearance after the rigors of my spanking, even before I had fully
regained my senses, he had come up behind me.  His powerful arms reached
around my bosom and dove directly through the fluff to knead my breasts
and pinch my nipples.  I melted against him, unable to keep my sore,
sensitive cheeks from grinding into his lap; I responded instantly to
the touch of his rampant desire.
  I felt the delicate ruffles of my panties part.  I arched my back to
greet his exploring fingers with my brown puckered anus.
  He thrust something in my hand - a small metal envelope!  I spun
around.  He was just freeing his wand, an enormous weapon, hard and
smooth and already weeping.  I smoothed the jelly over its tip, looking
into his green eyes, letting him impale me first with their strength,
before turning and submitting to his manhood.
  Within moments, he had lifted my frail form clear of the floor,
piercing me like a butterfly on display.  Over and over he pounded me.
Over and over I rode the length of his shaft, sliding my tender
membranes over his stiff, pulsating tool.  I grasped him desperately,
squeezing him and milking him, swiveling my ass with abandon.
  His hands stole back to my titties.  I thrust them forward, eager for
more of his manly caresses.  His slithering probe plumbed the depths of
my bowels, advancing then retreating, ever strong, ever loving.
  He let me down, and I danced upon his pole.  My silky-sheathed legs
pumped vigorously beneath my satin dress; my ass-cheeks worked magic
upon his cock.  Even the glorious friction of my slick satin skirt paled
against the incomparable fulfillment of being taken - 100% taken - by a
well-armed stud!
  I could feel his tension growing.  My God! How I desperately wanted to
be free, to hold him, to caress him, to clutch his body against mine, to
smother his mouth with mine ... to make love!  Instead, I flailed about
with wild fury, forcing him to clasp ever tighter!  I twisted and
leaped, tossing my torso like a beast in a trap, challenging him to hurt
me, to pinion me against the wall and fuck me hard!
  Yet, he never missed a beat, never lost control.  The iron bands of
his arms held me by the waist, the iron rod of his maleness drilled me
again and again, and the iron will behind his sparkling eyes conquered
me on his terms, not mine!  I was still struggling, only half subdued, I
imagined, when our mutual orgasm overran us like a runaway freight
train!
  I thought I'd die as my balls exploded!  Endless streams of jism
flooded my ass even as my own inconsequential organ humped lamely to
climax inside its leather fortress.  I bore down for all I was worth to
squeeze the life out of the rugged invader filling me with seed, yet the
flow spurted on and on.  I moaned.  I shuddered.  the chills ran up my
spine.  I was spent.  He was satisfied.
  I was woman!
  Withdrawing, he still held me close to him; I needed the support
desperately!  For long, delicious minutes, he nuzzled my throat while
his prick, pressed firmly between my cheeks, slowly deflated.  Cool
reality slowly suffused through the heat of our passion, and my eyes
opened for the first time in minutes.  He released me, gently, and
strode away.  I didn't turn to watch him.
  Slowly, I headed towards the staff quarters, my chain singing along
the high wire behind me.  My gliding gate was never so attractive, the
sultry roll of my hips never so blatantly sensual, as at that moment.
There was something about my first fully-satisfied guest; something
about the completion of my training for womanhood; something about the
first warm trickle of cum seeping from my ass - that could never be
duplicated!

--
