
                           OFFICE GIRL
                            By Parker

     WARNING: This story concerns the blackmail and domination of
     a young woman. It also includes sexual situations in which
     consent is non-existent. If this sort of story offends you,
     don't read it. It's as simple as that.

Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to distribute as you
wish (unaltered, of course), but be discrete.
=================================================================

     "Please?" The blonde girl squirmed in her seat, a look of
near panic on her face. "I have to go back to school."
     Carol Brookmere looked over, stern and unforgiving, at the
younger woman who was sitting so uncomfortably in a chair to the
front of the desk. "Miss Boyd," she said coldly, adjusting her
small, metal-rimmed glasses, "you should have thought of that
before you decided to steal from us." Her english accent, still
noticeable despite the many years she had made America her home,
gave a clipped, formal tone to her speech.
     "I told you I was sorry," Amanda whined. She dropped her
eyes downward, unable to meet her boss's cool gaze. "I didn't
think..."
     "Exactly," Miss Brookmere pronounced, rising from her chair.
The small, grey-haired woman came around from behind the desk.
"You didn't think. You didn't think how many people you would be
hurting by selling the results of the mining reports. You didn't
think of what it would do to the reputation of this company; it
could ruin us. You're only here for the summer. It's just another
step on your path to getting an MBA and a high paying job back in
the city. But most of all," she concluded, slapping her hand down
on the top of her desk directly in front of the girl, "you didn't
think you were going to get caught, did you?"
     The younger girl looked down, not answering. Miss Brookmere
grabbed a handful of the student's curly, blonde hair and jerked
her face upwards. "Did you?" she repeated.
     "N-no..." The reply was little more than a whisper; the
twenty year-old looked like she was about to burst into tears.
"I..."
     "But you *were* caught. And that's a fact. Now you must pay
the price. You must make amends." The older woman paused for a
moment, as if to gather her thoughts. Absentmindedly, she pushed
the glasses up on her nose. "I don't know what you were paid to
steal the information..." The blonde girl tried to say something,
but Miss Brookmere immediately cut her off. "... and I don't
care. That doesn't matter now." The grey-haired woman walked back
around behind the desk and picked up a folder. "I do know," she
continued, "the value of the survey work the results of which you
sold." Her thin lips curled downward in disgust at the word
'sold'. The folder was dropped to the desk. "Your options are
simple. I'll repeat them: either you work off your debt -
replacing the value of what you stole - or we call the police.
Very simple indeed." She glared at the younger woman.
     "But you must decide."
     A moment of silence in the office.
     "Now."

     Miss Brookmere couldn't entirely keep a smile off her face
as she watched the blonde girl bite her lower lip in indecision.
She loved the way the girl's summer-blonde curls fell loose over
her forehead, framing her fine, delicate features and setting off
her wide, green eyes.
      Beautiful.
     She'd agree to stay, of course.
      They always did.
     Really, it was their own fault. No one forced them to accept
the "bribe" from the company's competitors to sell confidential
information. No matter that the offer really was extraordinarily
generous, or that, in fact, it had been arranged by Miss
Brookmere herself. The moral complicity was the same as if it
really had come from a hostile third party. The only difference
was that the girls who accepted this particular offer - and most
did - got caught.
     And paid the price.

     Amanda weighed her options.
      It wasn't supposed to happen like this. This was just
supposed to be your standard summer job: low paying, but the work
wasn't particularly difficult. Most important, it was another bit
of "real life" experience to add to the resume. Some effective
padding. Just the sort of thing the senior partners in the City
liked see. Amanda was only one year away from completing her MBA,
and the interviews would be starting that Fall. Hence, the summer
ritual of "resume padding" assumed a new importance.
     But the job had turned out to be a bit of a dud, even for a
summer temp job. It had sounded interesting in the listing - a
company called Unified Analysis had been looking for a temporary
executive assistant to establish a plan for office
restructuring - but the reality had fallen far short of her
expectations. For one thing, the company had turned out to be
quite a bit smaller than she had expected. The company brochure
had represented a business in which the company received core
samples and other types of field tests from various mining and
related enterprises and provided analysis reports of those
samples. That was true enough as far as it went, but the company
itself was only a middleman, receiving samples and then sending
them out to commercial labs. Hence, the entire company consisted
of just four women: Carol Brookmere, who owned and ran it,
Vanessa Todd, a technician who coordinated all of the technical
reports along with what little in-house testing actually took
place, Janine Bush, who provided secretarial support, and a
slender, dark-haired girl names Linda (Amanda didn't know her
last name), who seemed to be something of a office 'go-fer'. She
just did routine filing, typing and general carrying/fetching for
the other women. She was a bit of a mystery to Amanda, as she
never went out for drinks or lunch with the other workers, but
Amanda really didn't pay much attention. What did catch her
attention, however, was the fact that there was very little work
for her to do that matched her expectations or required any of
the skills she had acquired in years of business school. It was
mostly just routine scheduling and the like. She had complained a
number of time to Carol, but nothing changed.
     Disappointed, Amanda had already written off the summer when
she received a call from a man offering her a fabulous amount of
money for the results of certain, specified core sample tests.
She had been reluctant at first, but money was great and the risk
seemed small. She had easy access to the reports. Besides, what
did she owe Carol? The woman was using her for mundane labour and
paying her slave wages on top of it. And so, about one month into
her summer employment, Amanda had photocopied the results of the
required tests and mailed them to the specified address.
Everything had seemed to go smoothly, and she expected to receive
payment at any time.
      And then Carol, looking angry, had called her into her
office. She knew.
      Somehow, she knew...
     Options.
     They were twofold and they were simple. She could either
allow Carol to call the police and then sit quietly until they
arrived to take her away, or she could agree to work at the
company for an extra year, "working off her debt". The latter
possibility was certainly unattractive; it would mean missing a
year of school and spending it stuck in this backwater. On the
other hand, the probability - no, the virtual certainty - of
being convicted for industrial espionage... well, Amanda didn't
really know how serious a crime that was, but she suspected that
it was pretty serious. The money involved had been substantial.
And, even if the penalty was not as serious as she feared, no one
would ever hire her after that. As a convicted felon, her
business career would be over before it started.
     Options...
     When she caught herself trying to figure out how to convince
the university to let her defer her final year, she realized that
she had already made up her mind...

     The blonde girl looked up.
     "I'll do it," she said, lip quivering slightly. "I'll work
the extra year."
     Miss Brookmere nodded, unsurprised. To date, not a single
girl had chosen to call the older woman on her bluff. Moving
swiftly, she opened a folder and put it down on the desk in front
of the younger girl. "Here's our standard services contract. I've
filled in one year for the length of employment."
     Amanda, upset, barely even read the document before signing
it. 'Stupid bitch,' Ms Brookmere thought, retrieving the signed
contract and putting it away in her desk. 'Didn't even glance at
it.' In fact, the document contained a number of clauses and
provisions which would have surprised the young business student
had she been careful enough to read through it. 'No matter,' the
older woman reflected, 'she'll become familiar with those clauses
in time.'
     "Now," she stated, walking around the desk and standing
beside her new 'office girl', "we must discuss your new duties."
     "New duties?" Amanda looked up over her shoulder at the
woman standing behind her, her green eyes questioning. "What..."
     "Hush." Miss Brookmere leaned down and silenced the girl by
laying a finger against her lips. "You really must learn to
listen." Obediently, Amanda fell silent, her cheeks turning red.
When she was sure of her control, the older woman took her hand
away from the girl's lips and moved it slowly downward until it
came to rest on the swell of her small breasts. Amanda stiffened
at the touch, but didn't pull away as her boss cupped her left
breast and gave it a soft squeeze. Likewise, she just sat there,
stunned and frozen, when the hand was slipped down the top of her
white blouse, under the bra and resumed its squeezing.
     "That feels good now, doesn't it?" Miss Brookmere had leaned
over, and was whispering in the younger girl's ear. Amanda didn't
answer. The older woman chuckled, then slid her tongue lightly
along her employee's ear. "Tell me you like it."
     Frightened, and uncertain of what was expected of her, the
blonde girl jerked her head up and down, nodding. "Tell me," the
older woman hissed. She bit down on the girl's earlobe.
     "Uhmm... I, uh... l-like it," Amanda stammered. Her hands
clutched the arms of the chair, ready to push away, but she
didn't resist. Miss Brookmere smiled, well aware of the girl's
state of mind. She understood well the mixture of confusion, fear
and, eventually, arousal that would prevent the girl from walking
out.
     As long as she was careful...
     "Good." The older woman was whispering again as she answered
the girl's uncertain statement. "I thought you might." She
shifted her position slightly and then brought her thin lips up
to those of her young employee. Amanda shifted in the seat,
keeping her mouth firmly shut, but Miss Brookmere just squeezed,
hard, on the younger woman's captive breast. Amanda couldn't help
but open her mouth, gasping in pain, and the older woman took the
opportunity to slip her tongue into the blonde girl's mouth.
Amanda whimpered, but had no choice but to endure the long,
passionate kiss. She was panting by the time the Miss Brookmere
broke the contact, her small, firm breasts heaving in the other
confident woman's hands. Miss Brookmere allowed herself a slight
smile as she removed her hand and straightened up.
      This one was going to be easy.

                              *****

     "Linda?"
     The slender, dark-haired girl looked up from where she was
busily licking envelopes, a look of trepidation on her pretty
face. "Yes Miss Todd?"
     Vanessa Todd, the office technical expert, couldn't help but
smirk as she looked at the eager, frightened face of the office
girl. The little slut certainly hadn't been this compliant last
year when she'd started work at UA. But things had changed. "Come
here, girl," she ordered, taking off her glasses.
     Linda put down the envelopes she had been holding and
hurried over, walking as swiftly as she could in her four-inch
heels and tight miniskirt while still swinging her hips as she
had been taught. The other woman watched appreciatively, brushing
her mousy brown hair out of her eyes as the girl approached. She
felt a tingling in her pussy as she noted the care the girl was
taking to walk as sexily as possible. Janine had worked wonders
with the girl.
     Linda reached the side of the desk and waited for the next
order. The look of revulsion, only partially hidden beneath a
pouty smile - also Janine's work - demonstrated that she knew
what that order would be. Sure enough, the other woman made a
short gesture towards the floor at the side of her desk. Trying
to look expectant and eager, the dark-haired girl immediately
knelt down beside the desk, keeping her eyes carefully downcast.
Miss Todd gripped her face in her hand and turned it upwards,
staring into the office girl's eyes.
     "Since the new girl arrived," she said quietly, again
brushing a stray lock of hair out of her face with her free hand,
"you haven't been able to serve us as you normally do." The
younger girl swallowed. "Do you miss it?"
     Linda nodded without hesitation, but a slight grimace gave
her away. The training could only do so much. Miss Todd smiled,
though, not angry; she preferred it when they didn't like it.
     It was more fun that way.
     Still...
     "Tell me," she demanded.
     Discipline was everything.
     "Yes Miss Todd," the girl said, voice small. "I miss serving
you as I n-normally do."
     "Good." The technical expert pushed her chair back from her
desk and gestured between her legs. "Because you're going to do
it now."
     Linda hung her head, blanketing her flushed face with a
curtain of hair. "Yes, Miss Todd." The girl crawled into the
space beneath the desk and, as the older woman brought her chair
back up against the side of the desk, buried her pretty face
under her skirt and began to work at her pussy, licking and
slurping with all the skill she had developed over the last year.
Vanessa moaned and, almost immediately, began squirming in her
seat. The girl had certainly improved over the course of the year
- a much more useful education than they gave you at some bloody
business school, or wherever the slut had been studying...

                              *****

     "Now," Miss Brookmere said sternly, moving around the desk
and taking her seat, "what were we talking about?"
     "Uhmm..." Amanda was clearly flustered by what had just
happened. "My n-new... duties."
     "Yes," the older woman agreed. "That's correct. But before I
go on, I'd like you to do something for me."
     Amanda sat, waiting.
     "While I speak," her boss said, "I want you to masturbate."
     "What!?!" Amanda jumped to her feet, releasing her white-
knuckle hold on the arms of the chair. "You're crazy! I'm not
going to..."
     "SIT DOWN!" The young blonde's protests were cut off as the
other woman slapped her hand down on the table with a loud bang.
"Sit down and hold your tongue."
     Amanda opened her mouth as though to continue her protest,
but quickly thought better of it and dropped back into the chair.
Miss Brookmere got up, walked around the desk and put a hand on
the girl's shoulder. "Listen and listen well young lady: you made
your choice. If you want to leave, you do so now. But if you do,
you might as well head directly to the police station. If you
stay, you do what I tell you. Do I make myself clear?"
     The blonde girl began to tremble. "B-but, I..."
     Miss Brookmere nodded as she felt the trembling beneath her
hand. Another typical reaction. The hopelessness of the girl's
situation was finally beginning to sink in.
      Time for the next approach...
     "Now now," the older woman interrupted, her voice soft and
comforting, "it's not so bad." She reached down and began
unbuttoning the girl's blouse. Amanda continued to tremble, but
she didn't say anything. When the front fell open, the grey-
haired woman reached slowly around and undid the bra, leaving the
girl's breasts half exposed. The blonde girl started when her
employer cupped one of her almost naked breasts, but didn't pull
away. "There... that feels good, doesn't it?" The older woman
rubbed her fingers along her captive's nipple.
     Amanda bit her lip and looked down, her face flushing red
with humiliation, but she nodded. It *did* feel good. "That's
right..." Miss Brookmere brought her other arm down, grasped the
girl's right hand and brought it up to where she was squeezing
and fondling the girl's breasts. Gently, she placed the girl's
hand on the breast and gave a squeeze. "Go on," she whispered.
"It'll feel good." Obediently, staring straight ahead as though
in a trance, Amanda began to cup and fondle her own breast, doing
to herself what her boss had been doing to her moments earlier.
     Smiling, Miss Brookmere slid her wrinkled hand down, across
the girl's exposed stomach and under the waistband of her skirt.
Amanda whimpered quietly as she felt the older woman's hand on
her pussy, but she didn't protest, or stop fondling her own
breast. Nor did she complain when she felt the older woman's
fingers slip under her panties and start rubbing the outside of
her pussy. After playing with the girl's pussy for a few moments,
the woman withdrew her hand and used it to pull the younger
girl's skirt up around her waist.
     "Now," she ordered, "sit up in the seat."
     Amanda did as she was told, still in a trance.
     "Take off your panties."
     The blonde girl chocked back a sob, but obeyed the order,
pushing the narrow strip of cloth down her legs and onto the
floor.
     "Drape your legs over the edge of the chair."
     A tear trickled down her cheek, but Amanda did as she was
ordered. In moments, her pussy was lewdly displayed, a long, pink
gash between her widely spread legs. Miss Brookmere considered
the scene with appreciation: between the widely spread legs and
exposed breasts peeping through the open blouse, the girl made a
very attractive picture.
      A perfect office girl.
     Onto the next stage...
     "Now," she said sternly, returning to her own seat behind
the desk, "you'll do as you're told. I ordered you to masturbate.
You'll do it until I tell you to stop." She looked the girl in
the eye. "Is that clear?"
     Lip quivering, the blonde girl nodded.
     "Tell me!"
     "Yes, Miss Brookmere," Amanda stuttered, broken. "I'm to m-
masturbate until you tell me to stop."
     "Fine. Get to it."
     Hesitantly, as tears flooded her green eyes, the blonde girl
dropped her left hand to her spread pussy and began to play with
herself. The other hand continued to fondle and tease her exposed
breasts...

                              *****

     "Ohhh..."
     Vanessa Todd was well on her way to an orgasm when the
office door swung open and another woman walked in, holding a
file folder. The newcomer was a blonde woman, about forty years
old and extremely fat. Miss Todd immediately sat up in her seat
and pretended to look busy.
      "Hi Janine," she greeted, trying to keep her voice normal.
     The blonde woman wasn't fooled; she had seen her friend in
this state before. Smiling, she walked up to the desk. "You know
the rules," she chided gently, her tone taking the sting out of
the criticism. "Nothing until the new girl is hired."
     Vanessa nodded and smiled ruefully, acknowledging the mild
rebuke, but nodded towards the boss's office. "Carol's lowering
the boom right now." She pushed her chair back and dragged the
current office girl out by her hair. "You know what that means,
don't you little one?" Linda, who had heard the comment about
'lowering the boom' on Amanda nodded, a genuine smile appearing
on her lips for the first time in months. "Well," Miss Todd told
her, "you're not done yet."
     She pushed the younger girl's face back down between her
legs and turned back to her friend. "Is that it?" she asked,
pointing to the file folder.
     "Yup." The large blonde woman threw the folder down on the
desk. "Take a look." The technician grinned, her breathing heavy
as she opened the folder and examined the contents. She went
through every page, one by one, as the orgasm built and built
and...
     Finally, she dropped the folder and came, gripping the sides
of the desk as her legs spasmed and kicked uncontrollably.
Underneath the desk, Linda fought to draw breath as the other
woman's thighs ground together on the side of her head, forcing
her nose and mouth hard up against the woman's sopping pussy.
This went on for a good ten seconds as the large blonde woman
looked anxiously at the door to Carol Brookmere's office. It
wouldn't do to get caught...
     The orgasm finally subsided. With a long, tremulous sigh,
the brown-haired technician pushed her chair back from the desk
and allowed Linda to crawl out from between her spread legs. The
young office girl was still gasping for breath, her face shiny
and bangs plastered to her forehead with pussy juice. Miss Todd
gestured, and the girl immediately resumed her place, kneeling
beside the desk. As trained, she made no move to wipe the fluid
from her face. Smiling, the brown-haired woman ran her index
finger along the girl's cheek, gathering up a dollop of her own
glistening juices. She held the soaked finger in front of the
girl's trembling lips. Without a word of protest, the office girl
parted her lips and took the woman's finger into her mouth,
sucking it dry.
     "Good, isn't it?"
     "Mmmm, yes," the girl breathed, still sucking on the finger.
"Good."
     Laughing, the brown-haired woman looked up at her friend.
"Want a turn?" she asked. "I think Carol might be busy for a
little while yet."
     The heavy blonde woman glanced at the closed door to her
boss's office and then nodded her head. "Send her over," she
said, walking across the room to her own desk.
     Miss Todd looked down and pulled her finger from the girl's
mouth. "Do you want to suck the pussy of your blonde mistress?"
     Linda looked like she was about to cry, but she answered
with enthusiasm: "Yes please."
      "Off you go then," Miss Todd ordered, giving the girl a
shove. "Doggie walk." Smirking, she watched as the office girl
crossed the room on her hands and knees, ass swaying under the
mini-skirt. The technician appreciated the view, particularly as
the girl wasn't wearing any underwear. It had been weeks since
the girl had 'entertained' a male customer (a part of her duties
at the company), but Carol made 'easy access' a firm policy for
office girls. You never knew when someone might drop by. Linda
eventually reached the other side of the room and slithered into
her accustomed place beneath the secretary's desk.
     Across the room, Vanessa Todd grinned maliciously as she
sorted through the content of the file folder...

                              *****

     Miss Brookmere watched for a few moments as her young
employee masturbated on the chair in front of her. When she was
satisfied that the girl was hard at work, she adjusted her
glasses and turned her attention to some papers on her desk. The
moment her attention strayed, however, the blonde girl pulled her
hand away from her gaping pussy. The older woman had expected
this, and reacted immediately: "Did I tell you to stop?" she
asked angrily.
     Amanda, flushing red with humiliation, could only shake her
head in silence.
     "Well then," Miss Brookmere said sternly, "you'd best
continue then. When you've had an orgasm - a *real* orgasm, mind;
I can tell the difference - then we'll discuss your new duties.
Until then, you'll sit there with your fingers up your slit." The
grey-haired woman turned her attention back to her work. The
blonde girl stared in disbelief for a few moments, shocked as
much by the language her boss had used as the orders she had been
given, but then slowly brought her hand back to her exposed
pussy. She began rubbing...
     Miss Brookmere continued to work at her desk while her
humiliated young employee played with herself in front of her,
desperately trying to bring herself off. The older woman couldn't
help but admire Amanda's technique as the girl's long, slender
fingers slid up and down along her pussy, expertly teasing her
fully exposed clit. The little blonde slut clearly knew what she
was doing. And, despite the humiliation of her position, the girl
was becoming flushed and her breathing was getting heavy. The
older woman felt her own pussy beginning to tingle as she
imagined the feel of the girl's fingers... the teasing touch of
her soon-to-be well trained tongue, lapping...
     Well, time enough for that later.
     One had to build up to these things. The girl seemed
compliant, but...
     "Oh."
     There it was. It wasn't big; it wasn't earth-shattering, or
dramatic in any sense of the word, but it was real.
     The girl had cum.
     Miss Brookmere laid her pen down on the desk.
     "Now," she began, as the blonde girl sat panting, legs
spread and fingers glistening with her own pussy juice,
"regarding your new..." She stopped speaking. "You've stopped."
     Amanda swallowed. "I... uh..."
     Ms Brookmere opened her desk drawer and pulled out an
object. She flicked a switch and it began to buzz: a vibrator. A
pink, plastic vibrator. She placed it on the desk in front of the
blonde girl. "Use this," she ordered. Amanda froze for a few
moments, looking at the buzzing object as if it were a poisonous
snake, but eventually reached over to take it gingerly in her
hand.
     The older woman smiled as her young employee brought the
vibrator down and began massaging her clit with it. For a tense
moment it had looked as if the girl might refuse, but it hadn't
happened. The girl had made her decision and appeared to be
prepared to do what she had to do to get through it. Already, her
breath was starting to become short as the plastic toy did its
work.
     "Well then, regarding your new position." She sat back in
her chair and adjusted her glasses. "As you've no doubt noticed,
the company is not in need of any sort of restructuring at this
time. However, there are a number of tasks around the office with
which you can be of assistance. Vanessa often needs reports
typed; the filing is always a mess; the stock rooms always need
cleaning..."
     "But," the blonde girl interrupted, slightly breathless from
the feeling of the vibrator in her pussy, "that's... that's what
Linda does! I'm a..."
     Miss Brookmere laughed. She just couldn't help it. Here the
girl was, breasts dangling in full view, legs spread, pussy
gaping and filled with a vibrator, and she was concerned about
being given a job that was beneath her capabilities. Well, she'd
learn soon enough; there were no longer any jobs that were
beneath her.
     "That is correct," the older woman smiled. "You will be the
new office girl. Linda is leaving us at the end of the week."
Amanda opened her mouth to argue, but the hopelessness of her
position seemed to overwhelm her. She had no choice; it was
either do what she was told, or go to jail. And she had made her
decision. "Of course," Ms Brookmere continued, "since you will be
performing what is essentially unskilled labour, your pay will be
commensurably less. However, with the money you will be saving on
rent..."
     "S-saving on..." Amanda was panting now, and her nipples
peeked, rock hard from her half-open blouse; the vibrator was
doing its work.
     "Yes. You will be moving in with me." Once again, Miss
Brookmere's pussy began to tingle at the thought of this
beautiful young blonde moving into her house. She already had the
appropriate 'items' laid out at home: dog collar; cuffs; strap on
dildos...
     "Excuse me."
     Her thoughts were interrupted as Vanessa Todd stuck her head
into the office. "Sorry to interrupt, but I need your decision on
the, uh... option buy-out."
      Ms Brookmere looked at Amanda. The girl had gone beet red
at the intrusion, at the prospect of someone else seeing her in
this condition. But she hadn't stopped playing with herself.
     Good; the one *was* going to be easy.
     "Bring me the offers," she said, sighing.
     Duty called.

     The brown-haired technician approached the desk and placed
the file folder in front of her boss. She glanced down and
smirked as she saw Amanda's spread open pussy and exposed
breasts. She itched to reach down and cop a feel, but resisted
the urge. Time enough for that later. The blonde girl looked down
in humiliation, unable to meet the other woman's eyes. 'Far cry
from the arrogant bitch who started her a few weeks ago,' Vanessa
thought to herself.
     She couldn't wait to feel the bitch's tongue on her pussy...

     Miss Brookmere opened the folder and paged through the
contents. It contained half a dozen pieces of paper, all offers
to buy out the option contained in Linda's contract. Of course
the company had renewed the option on the one year contract -
Linda didn't know yet; there was no notice requirement - and now
it was just a matter of determining the party to whom their
rights under the contract were to be sold.
     The first offer was from a Scottish couple, Nigel and Miriam
Hammersmith. They were looking for a new 'domestic'. Ms Brookmere
considered and then put the offer aside. Nigel and Miriam were
dear friends, but all things being equal, she preferred to sell
out to someone in the field.
     The remaining offers all fit that description: one was from
a mining operation in Alaska; another came from a petroleum and
natural gas exploration unit in the middle east. After a few
moments' thought, Miss Brookmere chose to accept an offer from
the crew of an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico. United Analysis had
done several deals with that company over the last few years, and
she felt that they deserved the chance - it must get so lonely
for the men on the rig. Besides, she reflected, poor Linda never
did learn to enjoy sex with other women; it seemed only fair to
place her in a position where she'd be surrounded by men. After
all, she would be working there for the next several years...
     Her decision made, Miss Brookmere closed the folder and
handed the oil rig offer to her employee. "This is the one," she
stated. "I trust you can make all the necessary arrangements for
shipping by the weekend?"
     Vanessa looked at the paper and grinned. "No problem," she
answered, turning to leave the office. "I'll see to it right
away." The woman glanced down at the new office girl as she left
the office. The younger girl was panting now, running the buzzing
vibrator in and out of her sopping pussy. She seemed oblivious,
lost in her own world.
     Ms Brookmere sighed as her secretary left the office. She
wished that she could be there when they told Linda what was to
become of her. The poor girl had no idea that the option on her
contract had been renewed - that it *could* be renewed; she
expected to be discharged at the end of the week, having paid her
'debt' to the company. The grey-haired woman couldn't help but
imagine the scene when Vanessa, after securing the girl for
shipping, would tell her what was happening: the panic; the
tears; the begging...
     It wasn't to be, though. She had other duties. Besides,
sometimes it strengthened character to deny oneself these little
pleasures.
     "Ahhh..."
     She was interrupted from her thoughts as the new office girl
experienced another orgasm. Miss Brookmere licked her lips as she
regarded the girl, legs splayed, pussy exposed and dripping,
breasts glistening with sweat...
     The new office girl.
     One pleasure, she promised herself, she would experience to
the fullest...

                             THE END
=================================================================
As usual, all comments are appreciated.
-snip--------------------------------------------------------------------

Cheers,
-- 
Thomas Baetzler, bath0011@fh-karlsruhe.de, thb@spectre.ka.sub.org

Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?         --- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"

