
                         WEDDING PRESENT 1/2
                            By Parker

     WARNING: This story contains rather a lot of non-consensual
     sexual activity (ie. rape). If this sort of fantasy offends
     you, please stop reading now. Consider yourself warned.

Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to distribute far and
wide (unchanged, of course), but please be discrete.
=================================================================

     "What is this place?"
     "I dunno. It doesn't appear on the map."
     "Like... as if it would."
     The night-shuttered town passed quickly by, no more than a
ramshackle outline of dark, beaten down wooden houses clustered
around the dim intersection. There were no light, no sign of life
as the car carrying the three girls passed through and then
exited the small community. No sign of life until...
     "Look." A hand pointed from the passenger seat at a
flickering light just ahead at the side of the road. "It looks
like..."
     "I see it."
     "Let's stop there and ask directions."
     "Like... duh."
     The large, powder blue convertible pulled into the parking
lot and glided into an empty space. Sharla Thomkins, the driver,
switched off the motor and shot a frown back over her tanned
shoulder. "Let me see the map," she said petulantly. "God knows
where you've gotten us."
     The girl in the back seat, Beth Stanton, sighed and handed
forward the half-folded map. It hadn't been her fault they'd got
lost. Sharla always had to have things her own way. Beth had
tried to tell her to take the last turnoff to the highway, but
Sharla had refused. Even when Tracy, sitting the front passenger
seat, had agreed about the route, Sharla had insisted on ignoring
the directions.
     She'd known better.
      As always.
     Her car; her map; her vacation.
     Twisting her head, Beth looked about at their immediate
surroundings while the two girls in the front seat examined the
map. They were in the parking lot of what appeared to be some
sort of tavern. Cracking and buzzing, the faded neon sign blinked
out the name of the establishment like a single, blinking eye:
the "Longhorn". The tavern itself appeared to be a single story
wooden structure. The blackened windows gave no clue as to what
was happening inside, but the sodden growl of rock music seeped
through the closed doors and out into the mostly empty night-
black parking lot.
     Despite the warmth of the air - it *was* spring break in
southern California - Beth shivered. The tavern was located on
the outskirts of the small town, the name of which the two girls
in the front seat were attempting to discover, but from the
parking lot the building appeared to be standing by itself in the
desert. Just the black outline the building, serving as a
backdrop for the blinking, cyclopean neon eye of the sign. That,
about a dozen motorcycles and a couple of rusted, beat-up pickup
trucks lying fallow in the parking lot, and they might as well
have been alone in the world.
     Beth shivered again as the strains of the Rolling Stones
song "Under My Thumb" started up from inside the tavern. Some
vacation this was turning out to be. They'd planned to spend the
week on a beach in Mexico, but instead...
      "It's not here." Beth was drawn from her thoughts by the
sound of Sharla's voice from the front seat confirming what she
already knew.
      They were lost.
     Tracy turned her head and brushed away her shoulder length
auburn hair. "That place looks open," she said. "Let's ask for
directions."
     Sharla shook her head and sighed. "I guess we'd better," she
agreed reluctantly. "I could use a drink." The tall blond girl
opened the door and slid off the seat, glancing over at Beth as
she got out of the car. "Last time I ask you to navigate," she
muttered.
      Beth ignored the comment.
      It was just Sharla being Sharla.

                              *****

     "Check it out."
     Riko looked up from where he had been peering suspiciously
at the pool table. The door to the tavern swung shut just as he
turned and focused on the three newcomers. "Fuck," he muttered,
picking up his beer from the edge of the table. "Rich bitches."
     His companion, Tony, grunted in agreement, sneering behind
his sparse, not-quite beard. "Bitches must have taken a wrong
turn. Sure as shit wouldn't come here on purpose."
     The three girls did look out of place. The first one was a
tall, slender blonde. Her short hair was stylishly cut, nicely
framing her elfin face and large blue eyes. The cut and colour of
her blouse was perfectly set off by a flawless tan only money
could buy.
     Even in California.
     The second girl was shorter and heavier, but not
unattractive. She had reddish-brown, shoulder length hair and a
open, friendly face. The third girl was the least attractive of
the group, with stringy red hair and a face marred by what
appeared to be either a large cluster of freckles or some kind of
birthmark.
      Decent body, though.
     All three girls looked about at the interior of the tavern
with barely concealed disgust. It wasn't a particularly nice
place, and certainly not the kind of establishment frequented by
girls like these. Usually it was packed with loud, sweaty men
from the nearby farms and ranches. On that particular night,
however,  it was populated almost entirely by The Red Devils, a
bike gang. With the exception of a few old-timers too sodden with
liquor to tell the difference (or care), the regulars had wisely
steered well clear. The gang's reputation - at least partly
accurate - had preceded them.

                              *****

     Sharla Thomkins, 20 years old and the only daughter of rich
and indulgent parents, was not used to waiting. And, as a result,
she was not very good at it.
     "Hey," she yelled over the strains of the music, "Can we get
a drink over here?"
     "Sharla!" Beth tried to quiet her friend. The three girls
had sat at a table at the back of the tavern. Both Tracy and Beth
had very quickly expressed second thoughts about the wisdom of
staying, but Sharla had insisted. She wanted a drink. Besides,
they still needed directions. As usual, the other two girls had
given in to their friend's wishes, but still... There was no need
to attract any more attention than necessary.
     But try telling that to Sharla.
     The blonde slumped back in her chair when it became apparent
that the bartender either hadn't heard her demand or had chosen
to ignore it. "What is this place?" the blonde complained. "Can't
we even get a drink?"
     "Sharla," Tracy cautioned. "Maybe we should just leave."
     "Yeah," Beth agreed, running a worried hand through her
curly, red hair. "We can get directions somewhere else."
     "Nonsense." Sharla got to her feet. "Don't be such babies.
Nothing's going to happen. I'll just go order something to drink
and ask for directions."
     The blonde turned and walked towards the bar while her two
friends looked on apprehensively. This was going to be
embarrassing...

     Richard "Bear" Ash sat at the bar, morosely nursing his
fourth beer of the night. Good night to get drunk, he reflected,
downing the remaining alcohol in one last gulp and gesturing to
the bartender for another. As the leader of the Red Devils, Bear
was not usually given to moodiness and depression, but tonight
was different. He was not a young man any more, and... well, the
root of his problems was Patty. Things weren't going...
     "Shit," he muttered, taking a long pull of his beer.
      Just then, a tall blonde came up beside him. "Hey you," she
called at the bartender, who was busily drawing a huge mug of
beer. "How does a girl get a drink around here?" The bartender
just grunted at her and went on with his task; from the number of
mugs lined up in front of him, it was going to be taking a while.
The blonde sighed and sat herself down on a bar stool.
     Bear couldn't resist looking at her out of the corner of his
eye. Not bad, he conceded. Decent face; nice lips - he
momentarily imagined them wrapped around his cock, an image
arousing an immediate stirring in his groin; tits a bit small,
though. Bear liked his women with a bit of meat on their bones;
something to hold onto, to keep a man warm at night.
     Like Patty.
     Still, not bad...

     Sharla, often the subject of masculine attention, knew when
she was being looked over. She glanced over at him. The guy
wasn't bad looking, for a biker type. He was quite tall and
heavy, more muscle than fat, with a thick black beard. Not her
type, but not bad looking at all. She looked over at the
bartender, who was not even halfway finished pouring his way
through the queue of waiting mugs.
      Should she?
      Well... why the hell not? Give the clod here a thrill and
keep herself amused while she waited for a drink and some
directions.
     Smiling slightly, Sharla leaned back in the stool and
stretched her tanned arms. This pushed her chest forward against
her blouse, making the most of her smallish breasts.
      She glanced over; he was looking alright.
     Pretending embarrassment, she leaned forward and smiled
shyly at the man sitting beside her. "Uh... hello," she said.
     "Hi there." The man had a deep, growly voice, surprisingly
quiet.
     "I'm Sharla."
     "Bear," he grunted, taking a pull on his beer.
     "Your name is Bear?"
     The man grunted again and shrugged his shoulders.
     This wasn't getting her anywhere. Sharla decided to pull out
all the stops. "It's hot in here, isn't it?" she asked, undoing
the top button on her blouse. Sure enough, the man's eyes
dropped, following the open V of her top. Sharla leaned forward
slightly, bringing her face close to his, laughing inside as his
eyes followed her chest. "Maybe you can help us," she said, voice
soft and seductive. "We need directions."
     The man's gaze slowly rose until he looked her in the eye.
He licked his lips. "Directions?" he asked.
     Sharla nodded, fingering the next button on her blouse. "You
look like a man who... knows his way around..."
     The man nodded, swallowing dryly, and Sharla had to restrain
herself from bursting out in laughter. He looked tough, but he
was as easy to tease as those geeks back at college. Men! They
were all the same...

                              *****

     No one had ever accused Patty Baker of being shy. Loud...
brash... obnoxious (although never to her face) maybe. But not
shy.
      And that was why, when she saw that stuck-up little blonde
bitch coming on to her man - HER MAN! - she didn't hesitate.
Maybe things weren't going too well between her and Bear, but
this was too much. A couple of the more sensible gang members got
out of her way and there was a general murmur of anticipation as
Patty strode angrily across the room towards the bar. The blonde
girl was toying sexily with the top of her blouse, and smiling at
the man beside her when Patty grabbed her by one scrawny shoulder
and pulled her off the stool. Surprised, the girl staggered back
into a table and tumbled to the floor.
     Patty turned angrily to Bear and...

     Sharla stared upwards from the floor in shocked disbelief.
She just couldn't believe it: someone had assaulted her and
thrown her to the floor. The blonde girl scrambled quickly to her
feet and stared at her assailant. She saw a woman, about mid-
twenties maybe; quite heavy, with large breasts and wide hips.
The woman had a flushed, piggy face and thick red hair which fell
loosely to her shoulders.
      The bitch...
        "Hey you bitch!" Sharla exploded, face red with anger. "What
the fuck do you think you're doing?"
     The redhead turned and looked at her in surprise.
      "Huh?"
     "You fucking pig!" Sharla continued. "How dare you touch
me."
     The man - Bear - started to chuckle. His quiet laughter only
served to make Sharla even madder. Blind with rage, she strode
forward and brought her hand around to slap the other girl across
the face. The woman seemed stunned by the blow, face reddening
where Sharla's hand had made contact.

     The tavern fell silent as Patty reached up to touch her
burning cheek. No one had struck her in... well, ever since she
had started hanging with Bear. None of the men would dare touch
her and the women... they knew better. Even without Bear's
protection, she could kick the shit out of any bitch (and half
the guys) in the gang. And now this snotty little rich cunt had
struck her...
     Patty felt the familiar burn and bile of anger work its way
up from her stomach and through her body, threatening to
overwhelm her and send her into a fit of blind rage. She wanted -
she needed - to kick the shit out of the little blonde bitch
right now... but there were certain rules, certain things that
couldn't be done without the permission of the leader. One of
those was to enter into a fight with a "civilian".
      Oh, but she wanted...
      "Bear?" She glanced at the large man - still her lover.
      Bear looked down at her and then over at the blonde girl. He
smiled slightly behind his beard. "Go to it," he said mildly.
"She's all yours."
     That was all the permission Patty needed.

     "Oh my god!"
     Tracy and Beth looked on in horror as the heavy redhead
jumped forward and attacked their friend. Sharla was fighting
back - spitting and kicking for all she was worth - but the other
girl seemed to be too much for her. The redhead sunk her fist
deep into the blonde girl's stomach, and, as the taller girl
folded, she brought her other hand around in a vicious slap/punch
that sent Sharla spinning to the floor.
     "Had enough, bitch?" the redhead asked.
     Shaking her head, more to clear it than in answer to her
attacker's question, Sharla slowly got to her feet. Grinning, the
redhead moved forward.
     "We have to help her," Tracy said. She pushed back her seat
to get up, but immediately felt a heavy hand on her shoulder,
pushing her back down. She turned and looked up to see one of the
bikers, a large black man, grinning down at her.
     "Don't," he warned. "Let them settle it."
     Tracy shot a look at Beth, but there was another biker
standing behind her as well. Fearful, she relaxed back into her
chair: there was nothing she could do.

     Patty felt the familiar rush of almost sexual pleasure which
came from beating up on a weaker person. The blonde bitch had
been tougher than she'd looked, but was no match for the gang
member. Grunting with effort, Patty threw another roundhouse
slap, rocking the blonde girl back against a table and then down
onto her knees. Tears streaming down her face, she struggled to
get up, but couldn't.
     She was finished.
     Triumphant, Patty reached down, grabbed the beaten girl by
her short, blonde hair and jerked her head up. "Learned your
lesson bitch?" The blonde girl, dazed, reached up and tried
weakly to dislodge the other girl's hand from her hair. Patty
laughed. "Want more, huh?"
          Sharla groaned, half conscious as the other girl grabbed the
collar of her blouse and ripped it down the front. The buttons
snapped off and flew in all directions as the large redhead
pulled the blouse apart all the way down to the skirt. Sharla
hadn't worn a bra - she had often bragged to the other girls at
BCN that her breasts were so firm they didn't need one - and her
tits were clearly visible to everyone in the bar. The guys all
got instant hard-ons when Patty, laughing, reached forward and
grabbed one of the smaller girl's tits.
     "Not bad for a college bitch," she sneered, "but not nearly
enough to steal my man."
      If he still was her man. Suddenly angry, she tugged at
Sharla's breast, forcing the blonde to spin around on her knees
and face Bear. "Well?" Patty asked, squeezing viciously. "Waddaya
think? Tiny tits, or what?"
     Bear laughed uncomfortably. "Well, a bit scrawny," he
commented, "but Riko over there might like 'em. He likes his
bitches without much meat on 'm."
     Riko put the pool cue down and walked slowly forward. He was
a tall, dark skinned man with a greasy, pock-marked face. "Yeah,"
he agreed. "Give her to me. I know how to fix snotty bitches like
her."
     Laughing, Patty dragged the blonde to her feet and marched
her over to where Riko was standing. Sharla, finally coming out
of her daze, began to scream and thrash about as she was thrown
into a table. The breath exploded out of her as the edge of the
table caught her in the lower stomach. Gasping, she was pushed
downward until she lay face down over a low table. Her breath
quickly returned, though, and she began screaming again.
     "Quiet, bitch," Patty growled, trying to cover the blonde's
mouth. The blonde ignored her, bucking and kicking in panic on
the table. She was so terrified that she lost control of her
bladder and started pissing.
     "Fuck!" Riko took a step backwards from where he had been
fondling her ass through the skirt, trying to flick the urine
from his hand.
     "Awww... little bitch piss her pants?" Patty jeered, rolling
Sharla's skirt up to her waist. Except for Tony, who stood guard
over the other two girls, the guys all crowded around the table
to watch the piss streaming through the blonde's panties and down
her long, slender legs. After the stream stopped, Patty reached
forward and tore off the piss-soaked panties. Still laughing, the
redhead grabbed a handful of Sharla's hair, jerked her head back,
and jammed the soaking cloth into the girl's mouth. The blonde
gurgled her revulsion, trying desperately to push the foul
tasting cloth from her mouth, but Patty kept her hand firmly over
her prisoner's lips.
     The crowd fell momentarily silent, watching the college girl
helplessly squirming on the table, moaning with fear and
humiliation as she was forced to suck on the piss from her
panties.
      Then: "I'm gonna fuck her."
      It was Riko.
     Sharla squealed around the piss gag and tried to buck off
the table, but the redhead and another of the biker girls pushed
down on the small of her back, keeping her firmly pinned down.
Riko, pants down around his knees, positioned himself between the
blonde's naked legs and guided his long, hard cock up against the
exposed entrance of her pussy.
      "OK bitch," he growled, "Here we go." With a jerk of his
hips, he rammed his cock straight into her pussy.
     Sharla bucked forward on the table, screaming as best she
could behind the panty-gag. Up until that moment, she had never
thought that it would really happen; that they would really rape
her. Scare her... even beat her up a bit.
      But not rape her.
     The taste of the piss in her mouth was so bad that she felt
like she was going to vomit, but when Riko began pumping his
massive cock in and out of her tight, dry pussy, she began
chewing and sucking, anything to take her mind off the pain and
humiliation of being fucked in front of all these bikers, liked
some kind of sleazy whore. Sharla was not a virgin, but she had
never felt anything like this before. This brutal pounding in and
out of her pussy... It felt as though she was being torn to
pieces.
     "C'mon Riko," Patty taunted. "Fuck her good."
     Riko grunted in agreement. The tall, greasy biker reached
down, grabbed Sharla's slender hips and hauled her back, fucking
his cock forward as hard as he could. Sharla screamed at this
increase in pain, but Riko ignored her, fucking for all he was
worth.
     Patty leaned down and shoved her face in front of Sharla's
wide, pain-filled eyes. "Wattsa matter honey?" The redhead
trailed a finger down her captive's cheek. "I thought this was
what you wanted."
      The redhead had pulled her hand away from Sharla's mouth,
allowing the blonde to spit the panties from her mouth.
"Nooo....!" The girl bucked and squirmed on the table, but she
was securely pinned by the biker's cock. "No. Please... s-stop
this... don't... please..."
     Laughing, Patty ignored the girl's frenzied pleadings. She
gestured to another one of the guys, pointing at Sharla's face
and open mouth. He didn't have to be told twice. He stepped
forward with a large grin on his face, unzipped his pants and
slipped his cock in between her red, wet lips. "Uhmmm..." The
blonde college girl moaned and twisted her head, but it was no
use; she was stuck. The biker just gripped her short blonde hair
and started fucking his cock in and out of her face, forcing her
to deepthroat him.
     By this time, Riko was just about ready to come. Grunting,
he brutally slammed his cock in and out of Sharla's tortured
pussy, jamming her face even further onto the other guy's cock.
Finally, he stiffened and came. Sharla squealed with anger and
humiliation as she felt his hot jism boil out into her pussy. He
held his cock inside her for a moment, and then relaxed. The
blonde girl sighed with relief when Riko pulled out, but her
respite was short lived: another cock quickly took its place,
rudely sliding into her now well-lubricated pussy, stuffing it
full, and then fucking in and out.

     Patty couldn't help but feel aroused as she watched the
blonde college bitch whine and buck on the table in front of her.
She'd never thought that she would find another female
attractive, but this girl... well, maybe it wasn't the girl;
maybe it was the rape. Maybe...
     Tommy started to grunt like he was about to come. With a
quick glance at Bear, who was watching intently, Patty reached
down and slid his cock from behind the captive's glistening lips.
The girl coughed and hacked as the penis was pulled away, trying
desperately to spit the taste from her mouth.
      "What?" Tommy looked puzzled, but Patty just smiled and
nodded at the blonde. With a few practised strokes of her hand,
the redhead expertly brought the gang member to orgasm. As he
came, she held the cock right in front of the girl's face,
sending long, sticky ropes of white sperm cascading over her
face. Sharla gasped and tried to turn her head, but it was too
late. Her face and hair were soaked in sperm.
      "Nooo...." Her cries were cut off as another biker came up
and buried his cock in her wailing mouth...

     Sharla grunted in pain as yet another biker thrust his cock
inside her sopping pussy. It was the third or fourth; she had
already lost track. She wanted to push away, to wriggle off the
invading cock, but she couldn't get any leverage with her arms
pinned behind her back. Bent over the table, legs spread and
mouth gaping around a slick penis, she was a helpless target for
whoever wanted to fuck her exposed, dripping pussy.
     The guy behind her started fucking her so fast and hard her
nose was pushed straight into the pubic hair of the man whose
cock she was inadvertently deep throating. Gurgling and
squirming, the sweat-soaked girl tried to relax her straining
pussy as much as she could, desperate to lessen the pain of the
brutal fucking. But it was useless. The cock was just too large
and the fucking too violent. Despite her best efforts, each
thrust drove a wave of pain up from her ravaged pussy and through
her body.
     Suddenly, she felt a sharp, stinging pain on her ass.
Someone had delivered a burning slap. "C'mon you little whore,"
the man behind her growled. "Shake your whore ass. Fuck me back
you useless cunt." The man punctuated his demands by landing
another powerful slap on her thigh.
      Sharla squealed with pain, but did as she was ordered. The
blonde coed squirmed back until her feet reached for floor and
used the leverage to push her reddening ass back against the
invading cock. Every plunge of the cock made a wet, squishing
sound in her pussy as the invader displaced the thick globs of
sperm left from the previous fuckings.
      Sharla felt her face reddening with humiliation at the
sounds. Her humiliation was compounded moments later when she
heard a female voice - the redhead - laughing: "Look at the
little whore fuck Barry," the woman said. "She's fucking like a
pro!" Sharla felt tears dripping down her cheeks, running tracks
through the caked-on sperm.
     "Well," came another voice, male this time, "she's not much
of a cocksucker."
     "I'll see what I can do."
     Out of the corner of her eye, Sharla saw a face approach her
own. "Listen up, you scuzzy little slut." It was the redhead
again. "You're not giving my friend here much of a cocksucking.
What's the matter? Don't they teach you how to suck cock up at
that fancy school of yours?" Sharla moaned and tried to shake her
head, but the other woman just ignored her. "Now I'm gonna
release one of your hands. You're gonna reach around, and use it
on my friend's cock. Just wrap your little slut fingers around
the base and run it up and down..."
      Sharla felt one of her hands being released. She immediately
brought it down to the table and tried to push away, but the
other woman reached down under her chest and grabbed a nipple
between her thumb and forefinger. The pain as she squeezed and
twisted was far worse than anything she had yet faced. Squealing
and bucking, the blonde girl grasped the base of the man's cock
and started running her long fingers up and down in time with her
bobbing mouth.
      Following instructions.
      "Good little cocksucker." The pressure on the nipple
decreased, but the redhead kept the hold. "Now," she continued,
"Run your tongue along the underside and suck gently..."
     The lesson continued for a good five minutes as the woman
gave Sharla a crash course in cocksucking. At the end of it, the
man came, spurting hot jism all down the inside of the coed's
throat as she was forced to swallow as best she could.
     The softening cock was pulled out, leaving a long trail of
slime down the blonde's chin. "Please," Sharla gasped, panting
for air. "No more. No..."
     Her pleas were cut off as a third cock was slipped into her
open mouth. "Now show the nice man what you've learned. OK?" The
redhead punctuated her 'request' with a sharp twist of her
captive's nipple. Sharla groaned and immediately went to work on
the new cock, using all of her new-found skills to give the man
as much pleasure as possible. "That's it." The redhead gave her
student an approving pat on the head as she straightened up.
Sharla choked, but kept at it.
     She knew the consequences of refusal...

                        END PART ONE

                         WEDDING PRESENT 2/2
                            By Parker

     WARNING: This story contains rather a lot of non-consensual
     sexual activity (ie. rape). If this sort of fantasy offends
     you, please stop reading now. Consider yourself warned.

Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to distribute far and
wide (unchanged, of course), but please be discrete.
=================================================================

     "Fuck, I want some of that."
     The biker who had been standing behind Beth moved away
towards the table where Sharla strained to please the men who
were fucking her from both ends. The girl started to stand up,
but the guy behind Tracy just looked over at her and leered.
"Want to join in?" he asked.
      Swallowing, the red haired girl sat slowly down. The black
man laughed, reaching down to fondle Tracy's large breasts. Tracy
moaned quietly and a tear trickled down her face, but she didn't
protest...
      Sharla felt the jism boil over into her ravaged pussy as the
guy fucking her from behind pulled out. Sharla squirmed at the
sudden emptiness, disgusted at the feeling of the thick, cooling
fluid as it dribbled out of her sopping pussy and down the inside
of her thighs. She was careful, however, to keep her tongue and
lips moving over the thick cock in her mouth. Her tongue was
coated with sperm, pre-cum and drool, and it was all she could do
to keep from throwing up at the thought of that repulsive mixture
sliding down her throat. Still, she sucked as best she could;
enthusiastically bobbing her cum-covered face up and down on the
cock, teasing the tip of it with her tongue and as she polished
it with her long, cool fingers.
     Doing as she had been taught.
     The blonde girl couldn't help but squeal in apprehension as
she felt another person move up behind her. Instinctively, she
widened her stance, spreading her pussy to lessen the pain of the
intrusion.
     But it wasn't her pussy he was interested in.
     "Noooooo!!!" Her frantic, pain-filled scream gurgled out
from around the face-impaling cock as the man behind her slowly,
but steadily forced his cock up her anal passage. Her legs left
the floor and kicked wildly in the air, desperate to push her
away from the pain and degradation of this latest attack.
Spitting cum and drool, she opened her mouth and tried to pull
away, but the man in front of her just grabbed her head and
forced his cock even further down her throat.
     After what seemed like an eternity, the cock was fully
inserted, buried deeply up her ass. Sharla stopped kicking and
lay, limp and exhausted, on the table, afraid to move. Then, she
heard the inevitable voice: "What's the matter tiny-tits? Never
had a cock up the ass?" Sharla moaned her response, lips still
stretched around the cock. "Well," the voice continued, "it's
time to learn. A scuzzy slut like you, your cunt's pretty well
fucked out. Gotta learn to satisfy a man with your ass."
     "Mmmmm..."
     "That's right cunt face. You start fucking back right now.
And don't forget your cock-sucking lessons while you're at it."
     No. She wouldn't do it.
      There was no way they could...
     "Ahhhh..." Without warning, the abused coed felt a vicious
sting on her back, followed by a deep, burning pain. Another... then
another... and then a third. She squirmed on the table,
trying to avoid the pain, but it was relentless. Blow after blow
rained down on her unprotected flesh, sending spasms of pain
through her tortured body, building... burning...
      Until finally...
     With a groan of utter defeat, Sharla planted her feet and
started bucking her ass back up against the impaling cock. The
switch fell one more time before she remembered the cock in her
mouth. Sobbing, she slid her lips up and began slurping hungrily
as she heard a female voice laughing above her.

     Bear watched, a small smile on his lips, as the skinny
little college bitch started to fuck back against the cock
impaling her ass. Patty was sure having a field day! The
redhead's face was flushed and her eyes sparkled as she stood
beside the table, directing proceedings with the aid of the
leather riding crop she kept in her pack. He'd always meant to
ask her about it, but had never gotten around to doing so.
      Well, now he knew.
     As he watched, Bear couldn't help but think back on his
relationship with the redhead. He and Patty had been riding
together for almost a year now. Unlike most of the other gang
chicks, Patty had her own bike, and participated as a full member
of the gang. Their relationship had been a stormy one, plenty of
fun all around, but Bear had a hard time staying with just one
woman. Lately, he had begun to feel a little bored; a little
confined.
     A little distracted.
     And Bear, for the first time in his life, had begun to feel
insecure. About himself; about her; about everything. His usual
practice had been to hook himself up with one of the babes who
followed the gang, having a good time, but dumping them long
before things got permanent.
     But Patty... she was different.
      Like no chick he had ever seen before.
     And, deep down, he didn't want to lose her...

     Impaled by cock at both ends of her slender, sweat-soaked
body, Sharla squirmed in pain and humiliation. But as she did so,
as she once again buried her nose in sticky pubic hair in order
to shove her ass back against the cock, something strange
happened. Her pussy spasmed, and, as it rubbed against the edge
of the table, she felt something so terrible, so unexpected, that
it sent a new wave of humiliation washing through her abused
body.
     Pleasure.
     Her clit seemed to buzz, and an itching heat began to spread
through her body, up through her stomach and into her nipples as
they were dragged back and forth against the top of the table.
Slowly, but steadily, the heat began to build, until finally her
moans became signs of pleasure rather than pain.
     If there was a difference.
     Finally, she came just as the cock in her mouth twitched and
dumped its load of hot jism into her already cum-filled mouth.
"Ahhhh..." Her soft cry of pleasure came out a confused gurgle as
the cum in her mouth bubbled up and erupted out from between her
lips and dribbled down her chin. The abused blonde began to cough
and choke, sending a glob of sperm up into the roof of her mouth
and out through her nose.
     "Jeez, the fucking slut is getting off."
     "Of course she is," came the redhead's voice. "She's just a
scuzzy little cum-bag. Needs a good rape to get her off." Sharla
felt a hand grab hold of her short blonde hair and jerk her head
up. "Isn't that right tiny-tits?" Sharla coughed again, letting
another glob of cum drool over her lower lip and onto her face.
The redhead laughed and released her grip, allowing her captive's
face to drop.

     Bear had seen enough.
     His cock felt like it was about to burst the seams of his
battered jeans. He preferred his women with a little more meat on
them, but there was something about the way the little college
bitch was squirming about on the table that sent the blood
pulsing though his cock. And Patty... well, he wasn't sure what
she'd say if he wanted to fuck her prisoner.
     But it was worth giving it a try.

     The cock slid out of her abused asshole with an audible
plop. Groggily, Sharla fought back a whine at the sudden
emptiness; she had come three times while being fucked up her
ass. She didn't know why - didn't even want to think about it;
but the feeling was undeniable.
     Still, enough was enough.
     The blonde coed groaned as strong hands gripped her
shoulders and turned her around so that she was laying face up on
ried to push herself up with her hands, but her
ass slipped in the pool of sweat and cum that had congealed
between her legs, and the redhead pulled her back down with a
fistful of hair. Sharla groaned, but didn't try to get away. She
just lay there, panting and gasping, her long slender body soaked
with sweat and half dried cum.
     Waiting for whatever came next.
     She didn't have to wait long.
     "Hello Bear." It was the redhead, faced flushed and
breathing heavily. She was speaking to the bearded man who had
been standing at the bar. The one Sharla had been teasing. "Wanna
play?" He was now standing beside the table, in between Sharla's
splayed open legs.
      "Well now," the man answered, his voice soft and oddly
formal, "that depends."
     "Depends?"
      Sharla moaned softly as she felt the girl's grip tighten in
her hair.
     "On your say-so," the man answered. "If you say no..."
     The redhead grinned widely, the tension of her grip
loosening. "You won't fuck the slut if I ask you not to?"
     The man chuckled. "Hell, Patty. A little scum bucket like
this? Shit... she's good for a fuck or two, a decent place to
dump some sperm, but you... you and me... well, that's
different."
      The redhead sighed contentedly. "Do you wanna fuck the
bitch?"
     The man nodded. "I surely do."
     "Well, what are you waiting for then?" The redhead laughed.
"That's what she's here for."
     A big grin creased the man's bearded face as he reached down
and undid his pants.
     "Oh... noooo..." Sharla twisted helplessly on the table. The
passion from the previous fuckings had deserted her, leaving her
frightened and humiliated. "No more..."
     The redhead reached down and slapped her across the face.
"Shut up you little cunt," she ordered. "This here's my man, and
you're gonna fuck him good."
     A fresh rain of tears ran down Sharla's face, but she didn't
resist as the man spread her legs apart, positioned himself, and
ran his large, rigid cock straight into her abused pussy.
"Arrghhhh!!!" Sharla squealed and bucked in agony at the pain of
the renewed assault. Of all the cocks she had serviced that
night, his was by far the largest. It felt as though she were
being split in two.
      A sudden, surge of rage and hatred boiled through her
tortured body. These assholes... these fuckers... these perverts
had raped her and... beaten her... They had no right to do it...
no right to... "Noooooo!!!" The scream of rage ripped out of her
as she bucked and thrashed on the table, suddenly desperate to
free herself of the cock being fucked in and out of her unwilling
pussy. "You fuckers! Let me go. You bastards! You..."
     Her cries were cut off as the redhead brought the leather
crop down on her exposed tits in a vicious slash. The sudden,
overwhelming pain of the crop on her breasts sucked her breath
away, and she flopped soundlessly on the table for a few instants
as her body twitched and spasmed. The redhead brought the crop
around and slammed it down again... and then again... and then
again... Each blow landing directly on the coed's tits.
     "Eeeahhhhhh....."
     Finally, Sharla managed to gather enough air into her lungs
to start screaming. Her mouth opened wide and a loud, screeching
sound filled the inside of the tavern as the abused girl twisted
and bucked on the table, her breasts on fire from the whipping.
The pain was more than she could bear; it was...
     "Ahhhgrph." The long, banshee wail was cut off as something
dark and damp clamped down over Sharla's open mouth. Stunned, the
girl closed her mouth, trying desperately to inhale. The smell
immediately told her what had happened. Someone - probably the
redhead - had stuffed their pussy right over her mouth.
     The whipping had stopped, but the humiliation was worse.
Almost worse. Sharla closed her mouth as her assailant rubbed her
damp pussy up and down her lower face. There was no way she was
going to open her mouth. No way. It was just too much.
     The redhead, however, was determined.
      "Suck my cunt, you little bitch," she growled, grinding her
pussy into the helpless girl's face. Sharla moaned her refusal.
She tried to use her hands, momentarily free, to push the larger
girl off, but it was no use. She felt unseen hands grab her
wrists and pull them down. The first taste of pussy juice
dribbled past her tightly closed lips, making her stomach heave.
"C'mon tiny-tits," the other girl ordered, "start licking."
Sharla felt a pair of hands grab her exposed tits. "Or I'll rip
your little titties off." That last comments was punctuated by an
abrupt twisting of her tits.
      The blonde moaned loudly, determined not to open her mouth,
but couldn't help but scream when she felt her nipples pinched
and twisted. Immediately, her assailant's pussy was ground
downwards, pushing into her open mouth. Sharla groaned with pain
and humiliation, but there was nothing she could do. It was just
too much. Almost vomiting at the taste, she tentatively stuck her
tongue out and lapped upwards at the other girl's leaking pussy.
The taste repulsed her, and she almost pulled away, but a quick
twist of her nippled convinced her otherwise. Slowly, and then
with increasing energy, she began to suck and lick the other
girl's pussy.
     "She's doing it," the redhead crowed. "The little cunt's
sucking my pussy."
     Sharla burned with shame, but continued sucking. As she
slowly got used to the awful taste in her mouth, she gradually
became aware of the fact that she was still being fucked. The
bearded man had stood still for a couple of minutes as the
redhead had forced the captive to suck her pussy, but now he
began moving again. Back and forth, grinding his large cock in
and out of her sopping pussy.
      Against her will, the blonde coed felt the itching heat
building up again in her pussy and spread upwards through her
body. Instinctively, she wrapped her legs around behind the guy's
ass and humped up against him. Just as she did so, she felt her
hands, first the right and then the left, being wrapped around a
pair of cocks. At first she tried to let go, but a couple of
slaps later she was running her long, delicate fingers up and
down, jerking them off.
     Her moans grew as the heat in her pussy slowly spread
throughout her body...

     Patty and Bear looked at each other.
     Patty saw a man - HER man: tall, handsome with his thick,
black beard. Muscles swelling in his chest and neck with each
pump of his long, hard cock into the blonde bitch's pussy. He had
grabbed the girl's upper thighs in his two, strong hands and was
jerking scrawny body up against his thick thighs with each
powerful thrust.
     Bear saw his woman - not beautiful, not even pretty, but
full of life. Eyes shining... a thin sheen of perspiration on her
upper lip as she ground her pussy down against the blonde's face.
Her large breast straining against the front of her tee shirt...
She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
     The couple leaned into each other...

     Sharla felt a pair of hands pressing down on her tits, not
twisting, but applying painful pressure, as the couple leaned in
towards each other. Kneading... squeezing... By now, her pussy
was spasming with uncontrollable lust, and she was sucking and
licking for all she was worth, gulping down the redhead's pussy
juice and bucking her hips upwards to meet the man's powerful
thrusts. And all the time stroking a cock in each hand...

     Beth looked on in amazement, almost forgetting the rough
pair of hands kneading her exposed breasts, as her school friend
thrashed about on the table, simultaneously satisfying three
cocks and one pussy. The moans emanating from between the
redhead's legs were definitely not moans of pleasure. How could
see... what kind of girl enjoyed being raped like that?
      Stunned, she looked over at Tracy, but the other girl was
now on her knees under the table, face partially hidden by her
thick, auburn hair as she bobbed her face up and down of a thick,
black cock.
     Beth moaned in fear...

     Their lips met in a passionate kiss just as Sharla orgasmed,
and th Clamping her strong thighs
firmly together around the girl's head, Patty let out a loud gasp
and came hard, squeezing her legs and grinding down on the
captive's mouth. Bear stiffened and, groaning, pumped his load
deep into the girl's pussy. Then the cocks in her hands, first
the one on the right and then the one on her left, came, each one
spurting its thick, white cum all over her heaving chest.
     The room went quiet for a moment, the silence broken only by
the quiet slurping from beneath the table where Tracy was still
working on Tony's cock.
      Bear spoke for all concerned: "Fuck. That was wild."
     Letting out a loud, braying laugh, Patty opened her legs and
backed away, leaving her victim, face shiny and red with tears
and pussy juice, coughing and sputtering. Bear pulled his cock
out with a quiet, squelching sound. No longer held down, the
blonde slid off the table and landed on the floor with a loud
thud. She lay there for a moment, limp and trembling, until
another of the bikers, his cock hard again, dragged her to his
chair and stuffed her tear-stained face into his crotch.
Obediently, she encircled the offered cock with her lips and
began bobbing her head up and down on it.
     Bear did up his pants as he slowly looked around at the
wreckage of the bar. During the gang rape, the members of the
gang had gone wild, and had pretty much trashed the place. "We'd
better get the hell out of here," he declared mildly. "Don't want
the cops stumbling onto something like this." He gestured towards
where the gang member was forcing Sharla to suck his cock.
      His words were quiet, but they demanded immediate respect
from the members of his gang. The man who had been kneading
Beth's breasts took his hands away. He quickly tied her wrists to
the chair with her ripped bra and rushed to collect his stuff.
Tracy, who had just taken a load of sperm in her mouth, was
similarly fastened as her assailant, the large black man, obeyed
Bear's orders. Even the guy who had stuffed Sharla's face into
his crotch, nowhere near coming, pushed her away and threw her to
the floor, where she lay groaning.
     Patty looked over at Bear and then down at where the sweaty
blonde lay curled up on the floor. Despite the recent orgasm, the
redhead felt a surge of lust rush through her. She had never
found other women attractive before, but... but there was
something about the blonde; something about dominating and
degrading the rich bitch...
     She had to ask.
     "Bear," she said quietly, "can I keep her?"
     The gang leader looked startled. "Keep her?"
     Patty nodded.
      "Well... I mean... it's a lot of..."
      While he stuttered, Patty reached down, grabbed hold of the
blonde's hair and jerked her pretty face up. Sharla groaned, but
didn't resist. "Look at her," Patty said. "I'll take care of her.
She'll ride with me. You won't have to do a thing."
     Bear still looked doubtful.
     "And she'll pay for her keep," Patty continued. "We can sell
her ass from here to the other side of the country if we want.
She'll make a great whore." Sharla started to whine in protest,
but Patty shut her up with a sharp cuff to the side of the head.
     "Well..."
     "Please Bear... I've always wanted a pet."
     Finally, Bear smiled, his mind made up. "You can keep her,"
he answered, "but on one condition."
     Patty bristled. "What condition?" she asked angrily.
     Bear looked her straight in the eye. "Marry me."
     "What?"
     "Marry me," he repeated steadily. "The little bitch will be
a... a wedding present."
     "Bear..." Her captive forgotten, Patty rushed forward into
the arms of her lover and soon-to-be husband. Freed from the
tight grip in her hair, the blonde college girl scrambled away on
all fours, breaking for the door. She was quickly caught by one
of the gang members, and held helpless while Bear and Patty
engaged in a long, passionate kiss. The entire gang erupted into
a loud cheer when the kiss finally broke up.
     Bear looked around, a little embarrassed. "OK," he said
gruffly, "Show's over. We've got some work to do. Patty, get the
little cunt ready to travel." Patty grabbed hold of Sharla's hair
and led the crying girl into a backroom. "Riko, I want you to
call Carlos at the El-Maceia. Tell him we've got some product for
him." He nodded at the two girls who were tied up. "If he agrees,
take them to the campsite just north of town. He'll get them
across the border in the usual way." A cruel grin crossed Riko's
face as he walked over to the bar phone. "Tony, check their car."
Another biker walked over to the front door and exited the bar.
     Grinning to himself, Bear walked over to the bar where the
bartender stood, frightened and silent. The big biker threw a wad
of bills down on the counter. "We were here tonight, but the
girl's weren't. Nothing strange happened. Right?" The bartender
nodded happily; he had been expecting a lot worse.
     Within ten minutes, the bikers were ready to leave. Riko had
reported that Carlos was more than happy to make a pick-up of the
two girls, and he and another of the bikers had dragged the two
frightened girls out of the bar. If everything went according to
schedule, the two college girls would be lap dancing at the El-
Maceia before the week was out. Tony had hot-wired their car and
taken it to a local chop shop where the registration numbers had
already been removed and the new paint job begun.
      Now all they were waiting for was...
     Patty marched out of the backroom, her charge in tow. She
had dressed the college girl - her new pet - in a pair of tight
cut-offs, at least one size too small, a greasy tee-shirt that
had been in use as a rag for some time, and an old pair of
runners on her feet. Around the girl's neck was a black, leather
dog collar with shiny metal studs. Patty had attached a slender
chain to a D-ring on the side and used it to control the girl.
Sharla's hands were free, but they stayed at her side. Her face
glowed red where it had been struck, and she kept her eyes
submissively downward as she tagged along behind her new owner.
Clearly, Patty had taught her some obedience in the back room.
     Bear caught Patty's eye and the couple smiled at each other.
"OK," the gang leader pronounced, "let's move out."
     Outside the tavern, Patty led broken and sobbing girl to her
bike. The redhead climbed on, and gestured for the other girl to
get on behind her. The college girl - ex-college girl - let out a
small sob of despair, but did as she was ordered, climbing on
behind her owner and, as ordered, grabbed hold around her waist.

     Moments later, the bartender, after happily counting his
money, stepped outside just as the dull roar of the bikes faded
away into the cool, star-sodden night. He shook his head and
smiled. Well, better get to work.
      There was lots of cleaning to do.
     At least he was being well paid.
      The tale of what had happened that night would never pass
his lips.


