
                         DOCTOR'S ORDERS
                            By Parker


     "Thank you for seeing us on such short notice."
     Jacqueline Astor just smiled and nodded, casually waving
away the expression of thanks. "It was no problem at all," she
smiled. "It's my job." Brushing back her shoulder-length brown
hair, the doctor handed over the clipboard on which the patient
registration forms had been laid out. Lisa Forbes took the
clipboard and began filling out the forms.
      The doctor surreptitiously examined her new patients. It was
difficult to believe that this woman was in her mid-thirties, and
the mother of a seventeen year-old daughter. With her long brown
hair and trim figure, Lisa could have passed for a woman ten
years her junior. In fact, Lisa and her daughter almost looked
more like sisters than mother and daughter. They might even have
been twins - they both had the same cute features and bright blue
eyes - except that Anna's short, curly hair was a honey blonde. A
"gift" from her father, Lisa had explained, grimacing.
     The doctor turned her attention to the daughter, who had
remained silent during the initial interview. 'Shy', Lisa had
explained. Shy or not, she was a beauty.
     Lisa finished filling out the forms and handed them over.
      "Thanks," Dr. Astor said, looking quickly examining them,
"This should..." She stopped speaking and looked up. "There's no
previous address or next of kin."
     Embarrassed, Lisa Forbes smiled apologetically at the young
doctor. "I'm sorry," she said. "It's just that, well... with the
move and... and everything..." She shrugged her shoulders,
unwilling to complete the statement. She didn't have to;
Jacqueline Astor knew all about the mother and daughter's recent
move to the little town of Point Hope in southern California; she
knew all about Lisa's messy separation and, ultimately, divorce
from her alcoholic and likely abusive husband back home in
Nebraska. All this information had come out during the initial
registration. Nikki would doubtless have it all down on the
computer by now.
      It was perfect.
     Jacqueline selected an understanding smile and carefully
arranged it on her face.
      She had to play this just right.
     "Oh that's fine," she said, open and friendly. "That
information's not vital. I understand."
     Lisa breathed a sigh of relief, relieved that it wasn't
going to be a problem. She had been prepared to withhold the
information, even if it meant losing this doctor. Still, it
usually took weeks to get appointments with specialists, and with
their insurance situation up in the air... well, they were more
than a little lucky to have come across someone like Dr. Astor.
     "Just make certain to be on time for your Friday
appointment," the doctor said, "We'll go over those test results
and see what we can do about getting the both of you to a GP as
soon as possible. I think I might be able to arrange something
for you in that department."
      Lisa blushed. She really hadn't expected such kindness;
especially on her first day in town! Back home in Lincoln, folks
were warned about the kind of people one met in places like
California. It seemed that the warnings were misguided.
Stammering out a final round of 'thanks', she bundled her silent
daughter out of the reception area.

     "Nikki"
      "Yes?" Nikki Crawford, Dr. Astor's receptionist and
secretary, poked her head out past the entrance to her little
office. She was in her mid-twenties, with short blonde hair and a
tight, athletic body.
      "Would you print out a copy of the new Forbes file? I want
to review it."
     "Right away."
      "And cancel all my other appointments after the Forbes
appointment on Friday afternoon."
     The blonde receptionist looked startled, but didn't comment.
"I'll make the calls first thing tomorrow." She paused for a
second, looking thoughtful. Then she continued speaking. "Right
after I send in the insurance forms for the Forbes."
     "Oh don't bother with that," the doctor ordered. "I want to
go over a few things with them beforehand."
     Once again, the receptionist looked surprised. Until those
insurance forms were signed and mailed in, the practice would not
be able to bill for any time spent with the Forbes.
     "As you wish."
      Looking thoughtful, Nikki Crawford went back into her office
to print up the file. She bit her lip, deep in thought as the
laser printer spat out the requested forms. When it was finished,
she delivered them to her employer as ordered and then left the
office.

     Dr. Astor watched, peering through the office window as
Nikki drove away in her green Tercel. The doctor knew it would
take the girl about twenty or so minutes to get home. She glanced
over at an answering machine sitting on her desk; a small red
light indicated that it was ready and waiting. Well... she would
see what she would see.
     Sighing, Dr. Astor (now Jacqueline Astor - the office was
closed) sat down at her desk and reviewed the file on Lisa and
Anna Forbes. They seemed perfect. The pair had just moved into
Point Hope after leaving Nebraska; no one in town knew them and
no one from home knew that they were here. The presence of a
drunken, potentially abusive ex-husband had caused Lisa Forbes to
keep their present location a secret from all of her old friends
back home. And since there had been no registration sent in from
the doctor's office, there was no record of their ever having
been there at all. Just a computer file that could be erased with
the push of a finger.
      Jacqueline's hand drifted down to her crotch and began to
rub as she made the final decision on her course of action. She
would make the call that evening: the El-Maceia, perhaps. It had
been too long since the last sale. And it was not just the
money - although that was important of course. There were other
things she needed as well.
     Perhaps it was time for a session with Michelle...

     Michelle Myers fought to stay awake.
      It was not that she wanted to stay awake; for the last
several months, her every waking moment had been a nightmare of
pain and sexual torture. Given an option, she would certainly
have chosen unconsciousness. But if she fell asleep - or even
started to drift off - she would begin to lose her upright
posture; she would start to slump; she would teeter on the six
inch highheels locked onto her slender ankles. And that would
have the effect of putting pressure on the two fishhooks embedded
in her nipples and connected, by way of the fishing line which
ran tautly upwards, to a pair of bolts on the ceiling. Moaning,
the girl fought against the exhaustion which threatened to
overwhelm her - she had been in this position for well over
twelve hours - and tried to stand steady. However, try as she
might, she was unable to keep her mind from drifting; drifting
back to days before this endless torture had begun.
     She had been young then - it seemed like years ago, although
it was barely eight months. Only a few years out of high school,
the job as a receptionist for Dr. Astor had seemed a godsend. The
work was interesting and not too hard. And the doctor had seemed
so nice; so friendly.
     Then came the day she had returned to the office late on a
Friday evening to pick up a Stephen King novel she had forgotten
there. It was not in her work station, so she pushed open the
heavy wooden door leading to her employer's office. As she looked
around for the book, she became aware of a noise, a high-pitched
whine... almost a scream, coming from behind the door in the back
of the office. A door she had always assumed led to a private
lavatory.
     Curious, she pushed it open and went inside. It was a
lavatory, but there was another doorway sitting open behind an
enclosed shower. For the first time, Michelle began to feel
frightened, but she pushed on. The screaming sound was louder
now. She stepped into the shower and stepped through the door...

 ...and into a nightmare.
     Michelle had never imagined that the doctor - that ANY human
being could be capable of such... such acts. The blood... the
screams... that young girl, she couldn't have been more than
sixteen years old - A PATIENT! (omygodomygodomygod) - lying
strapped over the examination table, squealing in agony as the
doctor - Dr. Astor? - stood behind her; thrusting... thrusting...
thrusting...
      The world seemed to rush away from her and narrow to a
pinpoint as she stood, fear-crazed and stupefied, struck dumb by
the scene in front of her. It seemed like hours... it seemed like
seconds...
      She must have screamed.
      She had no memory of it, but she must have done so, because
she became dimly aware of a new wailing sound, rising up to join
the screams and cries of the young girl. Unable to move, the
receptionist watched as Dr. Astor pulled away from her young
victim and turned in slow motion to face the intruder.
     It wasn't until she saw the huge dildo strapped onto her
employer's crotch - large...
      black...
          red...
                brown...
      - that the wailing stopped, as if shut off by the throwing
of some unseen switch, and the floor rushed up to caress her face
black and blue... and then, finally, black again.

     She didn't know how long she had been unconscious.
     When she woke up, she found herself strapped down to the
examination table, naked, with locked legs trapped and spread up
over her head in the metal stirrups. Dr. Astor stood above her,
gently stroking her face with the back of her hand.
     "There we are," she crooned softly, her voice soothing and
gentle. "All awake now. All ready to play."
     Michelle struggled to talk; to scream; to beg. But it was no
use. Something that felt like a large plastic ball was fastened
into her mouth with a leather strap.
     "I've sent my little playmate off to her new owners," Astor
smirked, noting her victim's panic. "Just like all the rest:
break them in - have a little fun with them - and then off they
go." She reached down and began playing with Michelle's exposed
nipples, pinching and prodding. The girl tried to pull away, but
there was nowhere to go. "Profitable perhaps, but it gets a
little lonely sometimes. That's what you're for."
     Suddenly intense, Dr. Astor leaned down and put her face up
close to that of her terrified prisoner. "The others will come
and go, come and go, but you... you I'll keep. My own toy; my
pet. We'll have such fun together, you and I."
     Smiling, she straightened up and reached over to the
instrument tray. After a quick search, she picked up a small,
silver-shiny scalpel.
     "Now, where shall we begin?"

                              *****

     Breathless, Nikki Crawford dropped her keys on the kitchen
counter and picked up the phone. There was no need to check a
phone book for the number; she knew it well.
     "Hender, please" she said, fighting to keep the excitement
out of her voice. She was a professional now and she would behave
like one. "Tell him this is Special Agent Crawford." She waited
impatiently.
     "Lance? This is Nikki. Yes... I think she's making a move.
We have a couple of new patients that fit the profile... yes; I
know. You were right about the stake-out, but... yes, but it's
been over four months now... OK. Right. I understand; no moves
until we find out as much as possible. Right. OK... No false
alarms. I'll report in again when I know more."
     Sighing, she hung up the phone. Spending four months as a
receptionist in a doctor's office had starkly underlined the
reasons she had joined the Bureau in the first place. Her first
job! She had expected things to be different.
      Still, it was just about over...

     In the now-dark doctor's office, the answering machine
continued to run for a moment and then it shut itself off. The
small red light blinked... blinked... blinked... indicating that
it had captured a call to tape.

                              *****

     Friday afternoon.
     Lisa and Anna had shown up right on time. They had the
waiting room to themselves, as Nikki had cancelled all of the
other afternoon appointments as per the doctor's instructions.
     "Doctor Astor will see you now." Nikki, smiling, led the mother
and daughter into the florescent, sterile-white examination room.
After seeing them settled in, she went through the back door into
Dr. Astor's office.
      "They're ready," she announced, handing the doctor a
clipboard with the relevant files.
     "Thank you." Dr. Astor took the clipboard, but appeared
somewhat distracted. Shrugging, Nikki turned to leave. "That will
be all for today Nikki," the doctor called after her. "I won't be
needing you any more."
     Frowning, Nikki turned to protest. "But doctor..."
     "I said that will be all." All trace of distraction vanished
as Jacqueline Astor focused her attention on her receptionist.
"Do you understand?"
     "Yes doctor," Nikki acceded, all thoughts of disagreement
melting away before her employer's anger. Without another word,
she turned and left the office.
     A few minutes later, she was out on the street in front of
the office, debating whether or not to call Hender. 'Better
wait,' she decided. Hender had instructed her that the Bureau
would not be acting until they had learned all they could about
the doctor's operations.
      Special Agent Nikki Crawford decided that she would wait for
a while and then head back into the office to check things out.
If she was right about what was going to happen, the Bureau would
learn plenty...
                              *****

     Lisa opened her eyes. She didn't know where she was. She
didn't even remember falling asleep.
      What had happened?
     "Mommy!"
      ANNA!
     Lisa tried to sit up, but found that she was unable to do
so; she was fastened down on the examination table by what felt
like some sort of chain around her neck. Her hands and the rest
of her body were free, but she was effectively held down by the
neck chain.
     "Anna," she cried, pulling uselessly at the chain around her
neck. It began to choke her as she tugged at it. "Where are you?"
     "Mommy!" This time the cry degenerated into a scream of pain.
Desperately, Lisa turned her head to see what was happening to
her daughter. If she twisted and pulled - effectively cutting off
the passage of air through her windpipe - the desperate mother
was able to see her daughter at the other side of the room.
      Anna was naked, held down on the lap of Dr. Astor who was
now wearing nothing more than an unbuttoned white lab coat. The
teenager twisted and squirmed weakly, but was unable to pull away
from the evil woman, who fondled and abused her. One hand held
tight in the struggling girl's curly blonde hair while the other
roamed free over her body: first fondling and squeezing the
girl's small, well formed titties and then sliding down to her
exposed crotch, pinching, prodding and then - impossibly;
inevitably - sliding inside. Up until then, Anna didn't seem to
have been struggling very hard - was she drugged? - but that got
a reaction.
     "MOM!"
     "Anna!"
     Lisa thrashed about on the examination, struggling furiously
to escape, but was unable to do anything other than watch
helplessly as the woman - the doctor - casually took her young
daughter's virginity. Anna started wailing as the doctor began
sliding her finger roughly in and out of her dry pussy.
     "No!!!"
      This time, Lisa's cry of anguish brought a response. Dr.
Astor brought her head up and looked over at the woman she
earlier had chained down to the examination table. Lisa flinched
back as she saw the strange, almost dazed, look in the woman's
glowing green eyes.
     "Ah," the doctor smirked, "I see the BITCH is finally
awake." She looked down at Anna, who had stopped fighting and was
just sitting, limp and broken on her lap, and then back up at the
mother. "Ready to join the fun?"
     At the word 'bitch', Lisa felt a warm surge of... of
something - lust?? - flow through her body, starting in her pussy
and spreading rapidly up through the rest of her body. What was
happening to her?
     The doctor, noticing the confused play of emotions across
her victim's face, smirked.
      "Did you like that you little SLUT?" she asked as she
continued to rape Anna with her fingers.
     The horrified mother again felt the impossible surge of
lust. She struggled to close her legs, to keep her hands away
from her crotch - to do anything to reject the feeling in her
pussy - but it was no use. Laughing, Dr. Astor jerked her fingers
out from where she had been sliding them in and out of the Anna's
bleeding pussy. Anna jerked in pain and started crying again.
Pausing only to rub clean her bloody fingers on her sobbing
victim's blonde hair, the doctor dumped the girl onto the floor
and walked slowly across to the examination table, where the
girl's mother was chained by the neck.
     Lisa struggled madly, both to break free and to fight down
the waves of unnatural lust crashing over her body. She lost both
battles. Smirking at the woman's futile struggle, the doctor
leaned over and put her face up close to her victim's fear-crazed
eyes.
     "You're enjoying this," she murmured, "aren't you bitch?"
    Another surge of sexual heat.
     Lisa shook her head. "No..."
     Dr. Astor slowly - excruciatingly - dragged one of her long,
sharp, painted nails down the woman's trembling leg and onto her
exposed pussy. Involuntarily, Lisa's legs closed on the hand, as
if trying to suck it into her sopping cunt. The doctor obliged,
sinking her finger deep inside and twisting it around. A few
seconds later, she brought a shiny, wet finger up to the woman's
face.
     "Your pussy says otherwise," she whispered. "Have a taste."
It was too much. Lisa clamped her mouth firmly shut and turned
away. The doctor just smiled.
      "Have a taste," she repeated. "Slut."
     Lisa moaned in lust. 'Just one taste,' she thought. 'Just
this once.' She had to do it! With a groan of defeat, she opened
her mouth, her warm wet tongue lapping invitingly over her lower
lip. Dr. Astor slid her finger in and Lisa was soon sucking
avidly, now completely unable to resist the waves of lust that
engulfed her body.
     "That's right bitch," {yesyesyesyesyes} the doctor crooned
in a mock soothing voice. "You have a nice suck while I explain a
few things." Lisa moaned as Dr. Astor slid her free hand down and
began toying with her victim's sopping pussy. "I'm not really a
doctor; at least, not the kind of doctor you came to see. I am -
was - a psychiatrist, specializing in hypnosis. I lost my licence
after a little... incident a few years back. You see, I have
certain tastes. Tastes which my skill in hypnosis allowed me to
indulge. It used to be just for my own pleasure, but since the
college revoked my licence, I've been forced to find a new
career."
      All through this little speech, Lisa could feel herself
becoming more and more aroused as the doctor fondled her body.
She was now squirming on the examination table, sucking as hard
as she could on the doctor's finger, trying desperately to come.
Dr. Astor, however, knew what she was doing; every time Lisa
started building towards an orgasm, she would pull her hand away.
Lisa would thrust her hips forward, desperate for the pressure
against her pussy. Eventually, her excitement would die down, and
the doctor would begin playing with her again.
     "Now I'm a saleswoman," Dr. Astor continued. "I specialize
in finding - and training - bitches {almosttherealmostthere} like
you for certain customers..." Lisa wasn't even listening anymore.
She had to come. SHE HAD TO...
          "And, of course, there's always a market for a mother and
daughter team."
     Lisa twisted and bucked under the doctor's expert hands...
        "So, I've spent a little time in your head, setting things
up for your training. Every time you hear certain words - bitch
{another}, slut {wave}, whore {of}, cocksucker {LUST!!!} and
others {OHGODOHGOD0OHGODOHGOD} you will feel uncontrollable
lust." The doctor paused and looked down in satisfaction as the
young mother twisted and whined on the examination table. "But
you won't be able to come - ever - until you hear one, certain
word."
     "Please... please... please..."
     "Listen bitch {!!!!!!}, will you do what I say?"
     "Please..."
     "Whore {!!!}, will you help me train your daughter? Will you
help her become the same kind of cumslutbitchwhorecocksucker
{!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!} as her mother?"
     "YES! YES! YES... I'll help you turn her into whore, a
bitch, a cocksucker... anything... just let me..."
     Dr. Astor turned and looked over at Anna, who had been
watching the activity on the examination table with wide,
frightened eyes. Her pussy had stopped bleeding, but it still
ached with the pain of the defilement. And now... what was her
mother saying?
     "Please... please... PLEASE..."
     Dr. Astor looked down and smiled. "OK. You can come now.
CUNT!"
     "Arrghhh..." Lisa twisted and thrashed on the table,
screaming with release as the orgasm which had been building up
in her body for so long finally exploded in full force, sending
wave after wave of intense pleasure crashing through her body.
       Dr. Astor nodded in satisfaction. The suggestions and
responses she had implanted earlier were working perfectly. The
first time was always the most difficult; after that, it became
easier and easier until, finally, the subject would be completely
addicted. Soon, Lisa would willingly - abjectly - do anything she
was told; anything at all in order to be allowed the release the
orgasms would bring her.
     This was going to be an easy one...

                              *****

     Nikki Crawford silently cursed herself for not keeping her
service revolver with her. Over the months of surveillance, she
had grown careless, leaving it at home rather than bringing it
with her to her 'job' as a receptionist for the doctor. Now, when
she really needed it, it was sitting at home, useless and
forgotten in her desk drawer.
     The office door was locked. Strange, given the fact that no
one had left. Nikki once again considered reporting in to Hender
and calling for backup, but she quickly dismissed the idea.
Hender had been explicit in his instructions that she wasn't to
call in unless she had proof.
      Well, she'd get him his proof.
     She reached into her purse and pulled out the key. Not the
usual office key, the one opening the receptionist's area in the
front of the office, but Dr. Astor's key; or, rather, the
duplicate she had gotten made up after 'borrowing' her employer's
key. This one opened not only the main office door, but the other
areas as well. She slipped it in and twisted. The locked turned
over with a small click.
     Heart pounding furiously, Nikki Crawford pushed the door
open.

                              *****

     "Mom... NO!"
     Lisa Forbes, naked and unrestrained, stood behind her young
daughter, her brown hair matted down over her forehead. She wore
a large, black, strap-on dildo. Her hands worked furiously up and
down the black monster, covering it with grease as she had been
ordered to do by the doctor.
     "That's right you bitch," Dr. Astor told her. "Grease it up
real good."
      Lisa shuddered with obscene delight as the doctor's words
triggered the hypnotic suggestion and the now-familiar - now
fervently longed-after - wave of pleasure rocked her naked body.
Nothing mattered now; nothing other than pleasing her mistress so
she could hear those words again. She lived to hear those words.
Those wonderful words...
     She didn't have long to wait. "Now, you stupid slut, shove
it in. Ream your daughter's asshole until it bleeds."
     "Mommy..."
     Ignoring her daughter's cry for mercy, Lisa obeyed, shoving
the glistening phallus into her daughter's virgin asshole. Anna
was bent over the examination table, held down by a set of
leather cuffs wrapped around her thin wrists and clipped to the
legs of the table. Anna twisted and bucked, but her mother
gripped the teenager's narrow thighs with a strength born of
madness and shoved forward as hard as she could. Anna squealed
herself hoarse with pain and horror as the invader slipped past
her desperately-squirming sphincter muscles and invaded her ass.
The pain was unimaginable.
     "Now fuck her, bitch."
     Lisa shuddered with pleasure and began sawing the dildo in
and out as fast as she could, eyes vacant, drool seeping over her
slack lower lip and dripping down onto her sweating, hard-nippled
breasts. Maybe if she did well enough... maybe she would be
allowed to experience another orgasm.
     Maybe...
     Dr. Astor leaned down in front of Anna's tear-stained face.
The girl had stopped screaming now; she just stared straight
ahead, her mouth wide open in a silent mask of shock and pain.
But she was silent. Unable to resist, the doctor moved forward
and pressed her lips against those of her young victim. Anna
tried to turn her head, but was unable to escape. All she could
do was lie there in silent agony as her mother raped her ass and
the doctor explored the inside of her mouth with her tongue.

                              *****

     Nikki heard the screaming, but couldn't make out the words.
The noise seemed to be coming from behind the door to the
examination room, but when she tried to open it, she found that
it had been bolted shut from the other side.
      Shit.
     Then she remembered: there was another way in. Through the
doctor's office; there was a back entrance.
      Maybe she could get in through there.

                              *****

     Time passed...
     Jacqueline Astor let her head hang back as she enjoyed the
extraordinary sensation of Anna's hard-working, if inexperienced
tongue. Inexperienced because the poor girl had never serviced
another woman's pussy before; hard-working because the girl's
mother, panting and whining with the need to orgasm, was bringing
a large paddle down on the girl's reddening ass, all the time
urging her daughter to 'make the mistress come'.
      Jacqueline had told Lisa that when she came, she would say
the word that would allow Lisa to orgasm. Lisa had immediately
grabbed her daughter by the hair and shoved the crying girl in
between the doctor's legs. She then began 'encouraging' her with
the large paddle. Thus motivated, the seventeen year-old had
stuck out her little pink tongue and begun work.
     "Little bitch... little whore..."
      The doctor kept up a constant string of verbal abuse. The
words served both to degrade the girl - to teach her her new role
in life - and to keep the girl's mother on edge.
     A light blinked on over the main door.
     "Fuck."
     Dr. Astor pushed Anna's head away. The young girl, eyes
glazed with pain and face covered with pussy juice, sat back on
her heels.
     "Get her to suck your own pussy, whore," Astor ordered,
pulling the medical lab coat back around her body. She was angry
at having her pleasure frustrated, but had a pretty good idea of
what was happening. "When I get back we'll get serious."
     Lisa obeyed instantly. Once again, she grabbed her daughter
by the hair, but this time pulled her young daughter around and
jammed the girl's face into her own crotch rather than the
doctor's. "Come to mommy," she burbled, half insane with lust.
Anna - limp and broken - stuck her face in her mother's pussy and
began licking.
     Dr. Astor left them there, going over to a drawer and taking
out a hypodermic needle she had prepared that morning for just
such an event.
      It paid, in her experience, to be prepared.

                              *****

     Nikki froze, halted in her tracks by the sight that greeted
her as she entered the doctor's private office (locked of course,
but susceptible to the copied key).
     It was a girl.
     She was naked, her pink flesh pocked and matted with criss-
crossing scars. Mute testimony to innumerable sessions with the
whip; the cane; the scalpel; the match... Stunned, Nikki moved
slowly forward. Her horror grew as the details of the girl's
present condition grew apparent.
      She was bent over backwards, back arched and chest shoved
forward, over a small stool. Her whip-stained breasts defied
gravity, reaching straight up to the ceiling. They were held that
way by two long strips of elastic which ran from the ceiling down
to a pair of fishhooks stuck deep through the girl's nipples. The
more she relaxed, the harder the elastic pulled.
     This was just the beginning, though. The girl's legs were
pulled wide and fastened to the floor with leather cuffs,
exposing her pussy; exposing what had been done to it. The flesh
to each side of it had been pierced with large, silver rings.
Elastic straps had been attached through these rings and ran
through a D-ring on the base of a large dildo which jutted
obscenely from the poor girl's pussy. These straps ran down
through her ass-crack, under her body and across to her head,
where they had been fastened to the long, brown braid of her
sweat-matted hair. If she tried to pull her head up, this in turn
would pull on the dildo, propelling the massive instrument
further into her already-tortured pussy. As well, a tight strap
from a large ring in her nose ran down her chest to the fishhooks
in her nipples. Thus, if she moved her head forward, the dildo
was pulled further into her pussy; if she moved her head back,
this put pressure on the hooks in her nipples. A lose-lose
situation. Finally, the girl's arms had been fastened tightly to
her ankles, making it almost impossible for her to move.
     As if she'd want to.
     Breathlessly, tears filling her eyes and caution all but
forgotten, Nikki rushed forward to help.

     Michelle felt her awareness being tugged from its accustomed
niche in the haze of pain that was her existence. Blearily, she
opened her eyes to see a young blonde woman, dressed in the
uniform of a receptionist, bend over her, mumbling something
about not being afraid.
     As if she could ever not be afraid again.
     Still, despite all that had happened to her, Michelle still
had some spirit left. That's why - if she could have; if the ring
punched through her tongue and threaded through the holes in her
lips in such a way as to prevent her from ever pulling her tongue
back into her mouth -  she would have cried out a warning as she
saw Dr. Astor appear from the examination room and bend over her
unsuspecting rescuer.
     But she couldn't.
      The ring in her tongue had effectively reduced her powers of
speech to an incoherent grunting and moaning, neither of which
served as an effective warning. Michelle could do nothing but
watch in horror as Dr. Astor plunged the hypodermic needle into
her rescuer's arm. The woman turned and tried to struggle - she
was strong and quick - but whatever drug the doctor had used was
proving all too effective. Within seconds, the woman - the
rescuer - was lying unconscious on the floor.
     Unable to prevent herself, Michelle began to cry helpless
tears. It had been weeks since she had cried. Dr. Astor looked
over at her and smiled.
     "Michelle," she said, "Feeling lonely?" The doctor walked
over to the bound girl and opened the lab coat. Smiling an evil
smile, she straddled her victim's face and ground her pussy into
her mouth. "Let's put that tongue of your to work," she ordered.
     The pain was incredible as the weight of Dr. Astor's body
pushed her head downward, tightening the pressure on the
fishhooks, but Michelle stuck out her pierced tongue and began
lapping at her tormentor's pussy. She knew - oh how she knew -
that no matter how bad the pain got, it could always get worse.
        And, of course, it always did.




#################################################################
AUTHOR'S NOTE: Some people have complained because my stories
tend to have "unhappy" endings. This one is no exception.
Therefore, in an effort to keep people happy (god knows I don't
want to make anyone unhappy), I have included an alternative
ending; one which may be more satisfactory to some readers. Past
this point, the story splits in two: "ENDING A" and "ENDING B". I
hope this is satisfactory to everyone.
#################################################################


ENDING A

     Despite the fact that he had spent many of his recent years
in the Bureau behind a desk, Special Agent Lance Hender was still
able to break open the locked door with a single shove of his
shoulder. Pistol in hand, he lead three of his men into the
silent waiting room of Dr. Astor's office. He gestured two of the
men through a door into what looked like an examination room and
led the other one along a hallway into the doctor's office. He
was familiar with the layout from Nikki's reports.
     Nikki!
     He hated it when one of his people went missing.
Particularly when it was a promising new agent like Nikki
Crawford.
      Particularly on this kind of assignment.
     The rooms were empty. The paraphernalia of the medical
practice had been left behind, but all records, all evidence of
who had been there and what had happened had been wiped clean.
    Or had it?
     "Hender." He looked over. Bateman was holding up a manila
envelope. It had Hender's name scrawled on the front. "Take a
look." The man looked like he was going to throw up.
     What the hell?
     Hender took the envelope and looked inside. Pictures. He
slid them onto the desk and took a close look.
     Oh god.
     Nikki!
     ...this kind of assignment.
     He stared for a few moments - for an eternity - before
slowly replacing the pictures in the envelope. He was proud of
the fact that his hands trembled only slightly. His men gathered
around, waiting for orders.
     Hender looked up.
      "Make a full search. Fingerprints... the works." He knew they wouldn't
find anything, but they had to try.
Hender briefly allowed his mind to skirt over the images on the
pictures; just for a moment, before filing them away in the
compartment of his mind reserved for dealing with situations
where his agents went down in the field.
      As usual, he would deal with it later on, by himself.
      At night. With the aid of rather a considerable amount of whisky.
      ...this kind of assignment...


                            EPILOGUE

     The bartender gazed sadly at the long row of glasses that
needed wiping. Sighing to himself, he picked up a grimy towel and
set to work.
     Really, though, he didn't know why he bothered.
     People - customers... gringos... whatever - they didn't come
to the El-Maceia for the cleanliness or for the decor. The only
thing that saved the club from looking like a complete pest-hole
was the fact that the lighting was usually kept low enough to
shroud the general shabbiness of the place in a forgiving
darkness. Likewise, they didn't come for the booze. Sure, they
served all kinds of alcohol at the El-Maceia, but so did lot's of
other places. And, if you didn't mind cheap Mexican beer, most
other places were less expensive too. No, they came for one
reason and one reason only: sex. Not only did the El-Maceia boast
an infamous whorehouse - with, incidentally, a large number of
white-skinned Americano girls from up north - but it also ran the
raunchiest live sex show in all of Mexico.
     Or so said the rep.
     On the well-lit stage, the club's newest act - a mother and
daughter team - performed the first of their three shows for the
evening. Only a week into their run, they were already a big hit;
particularly the daughter, with her curly blonde hair and bright
blue eyes.
     Well... not so bright anymore.
     The current part of the act featured the mother fucking her
daughter's ass with a large dildo. A man, their 'keeper', stood
behind her, whispering gringo words that most of the customers
didn't understand: "bitch... whore... slut." Whatever the words,
they seemed to drive the woman wild. (But, then, it was always
like that with the doctor's merchandise.) She groaned and panted
with lust as she drove the gigantic cock deep into her daughter's
asshole. The girl was obviously in a lot of pain - unlike the
mother, she wasn't being sexually aroused - but she had been
trained not to show it. She almost succeeded too, with her large,
fake smile and hoarse panting. The second show involved caning
and a display of lesbian action culminating in a long, hot
'sixty-nine'.
      It was the last act, however, the one with the dogs that
really got the customers going. The keeper figured that these two
had a good six months in them before they would have to be
'retired' to a mining camp somewhere in the interior.
     Six months of packed houses and satisfied customers.
     The bartender - who also owned the club - smiled at the
thought.
     Meanwhile, his new waitress was kneeling under a table,
sucking hungrily at a customer's cock. She was also quite new,
having arrived in the same shipment as the performers. It was her
job to prance about, naked except for high-heels and two shiny,
silver badges marked 'FBI' stuck permanently through her nipples
(She had arrived like that. No one believed that she was really a
member of the FBI, but everyone agreed that the badges looked
good, despite covering her nipples), from table to table, taking
orders and - when requested - sliding under the table to relieve
the customer's sexual excitement.
      Unlike the two on stage, this one had put up a bit of a
struggle. It wasn't until after a couple of sessions with the
cane and one memorable night with the tailor's donkey that her
spirit finally broke. Now, with her shiny bright badges
glittering on her chest and vacant please-fuck-me bimbo-smile on
her face, she was a huge hit with the customers, usually
servicing a score of them nightly.
      The bartender kept her chained naked at the foot of his bed
at night.
     On stage, the act reached its climax, the mother screaming
out in uncontrollable ecstasy as her keeper said the magic word.
The club, packed as usual, erupted into a cacophony of applause
and catcalls, and the stage was showered with money. Still on her
knees, the waitress crossed to another table and started work on
another cock.
     Another good night at the El-Maceia.
     The bartender smiled again. And there were still two shows
to go...

                                THE END

=================================================================




ENDING B

     Nikki struggled to regain consciousness. She had managed to
twist her arm away so that most of whatever drug had been in the
needle had gone into the sleeve of her jacket, but the needle had
still broken skin, and enough of the drug had entered her
bloodstream to make her dizzy and confused. There was a distinct
blackness around the edge of her vision and she flirted with
unconsciousness, but somehow she stayed awake. Unwillingly, the
room wavered back into focus.
     Or did it? Nikki could only blink her eyes in disbelief at
the sight which greeted her. Dr. Astor, naked under a white lab
coat which was bunched up around her waist, was straddling the
bound girl, brutally grinding her crotch into the girl's face.
Every time she bore down, the bands pulling the girl's breasts
upwards strained another few inches. Already, the poor girl's
nipples were being pulled out from a good two inches from the
breast.
     Nikki lay there for a few more moments, gathering her
strength. As she focused on what was happening, and what she was
going to have to do, she found it easier to fight off the effects
of the drugs. She grew steadier and  became aware of a shouting
in the examination room. It sounding like a girl screaming
something about... what, her mother?
      It must be the Forbes!
     Nikki gathered her strength and pulled herself to her feet.
In her weakened state, she was unable to be as stealthy as she
would have liked, but it didn't matter. The doctor was fully
occupied with her pleasures. She was playing with her own breasts
as she rode the poor girl's face, and her head was thrown back,
eyes open...
      She never knew what hit her.

     Slowly, impossibly, Michelle felt the pain ease off. Despite
being certain that this was just another trick of the doctors's,
she was unable to resist fanning the tiny spark of hope that
flickered in her heart. Please... It was true. Line by line; cuff
by cuff; hook by hook, she was slowly released from her bondage.
When she was finally free - FINALLY FREE!! - she was unable to do
anything except hug her rescuer and cry. The nightmare was over.
     At least for her.
     Nikki, who had left to check on the examination room,
returned, pale and shaking. Michelle didn't have to ask; she'd
seen the results of the doctor's work before. She could well
imagine the state Lisa and Anna Forbes were in.
     Wordlessly, the two women stared at each other with bleak
expressions and then looked down at the floor where Dr. Astor lay
unconscious. How could a human being...
     The phone rang.
     Nikki walked over and picked it up. The person on the other
end - a man - spoke with a Mexican accent. When she realized what
the man was saying, she almost hung up the phone, but - as she
looked over the tortured form of Michelle Myers, and listened to
the screams of young Anna Forbes as her brainwashed mother
sexually abused her - an idea occurred to her. It wasn't legal;
it wasn't ethical; and it sure as hell wasn't professional.
     But it was a good idea.
     A slow smile spread across her face as she began talking...


                            EPILOGUE

     The bartender gazed sadly at the long row of glasses that
needed wiping. Sighing to himself, he picked up a grimy towel and
set to work.
     Really, though, he didn't know why he bothered.
     People - customers... gringos... whatever - they didn't come
to the El-Maceia for the cleanliness or the decor. The only thing
that saved the club from looking like a complete pest-hole was
the fact that the lighting was usually kept low enough to shroud
the general shabbiness of the place in a forgiving darkness.
Likewise, they didn't come for the booze. Sure, they served all
kinds of alcohol at the El-Maceia, but so did lot's of other
places. And, if you didn't mind cheap Mexican beer, most other
places were cheaper too. No, they came for one reason and one
reason only: sex. Not only did the El-Maceia boast an infamous
whorehouse - with, incidentally, a large number of white-skinned
Americano girls from up north - but it also ran the raunchiest
live sex show in all of Mexico.
     Or so said the rep.
     On the well-lit stage, the club's newest act - a dog &
donkey show - entered its first performance of the evening. This
act represented his latest shipment from the US. It hadn't been
what he was expecting, but he had learned to make due with the
tools at hand. Even if those tools happened to be an old business
partner. Besides, he had always thought (privately) that the good
doctor would make an admirable addition to his stable, with her
thick brown hair and bright green eyes.
     Well... not so bright anymore.
     The current part of the "act" featured the woman - tall,
beautiful and white - entertaining a dog from the club's kennel.
The canine was a large german shepherd, nothing like the donkey
featured in the last show of the evening, but still decent enough
entertainment to start the evening. Dr Astor - or, Jackie as she
was known  - was presently on all fours, using one of her hands
to feed the dog's large cock into her pussy. It had taken a
little while to get her to do that - actively participate - but
it had been worth the effort. It was somehow much more
humiliating when the "performers" assisted in their own
degradation.
     Still no co-operation with the donkey, but that would come
in time. Or not; it didn't really matter all that much. Jackie's
'keeper' figured that she had a good six months in her before she
would have to be 'retired' to a mining camp somewhere in the
interior.
     Six months of packed houses and satisfied customers.
     The bartender - who also owned the club - smiled at the
thought. Sure, there might be some difficulty in finding a new
American "talent agent", but something would come up. There were
always people willing to supply where there was a demand.
     On stage, the act reached its climax as the dog began to
come inside the woman as she fucked back against him. As she had
been trained to do, Jackie cried out in simulated ecstasy. The
audience loved that. They went wild, erupting into a cacophony of
applause and catcalls, and the stage was showered with money.
Still on her knees, the woman panted and gasped for air as a
thick wad of dog cum slid down the inside of her thigh.
     Another good night at the El-Maceia.
     The bartender smiled again. And there were still two shows
to go...

                             THE END
=================================================================

     As usual, I am interested in hearing what you think about
the story. Write me and let me know.
-snip--------------------------------------------------------------------

Cheers,
--
Thomas Baetzler, bath0011@fh-karlsruhe.de, thb@spectre.ka.sub.org

Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?         --- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"

