                         POOL PARTY I
                            By Parker

     WARNING: This story involves rather a good deal of non-
     consensual sex, humiliation and any number of other things
     which should not be undertaken in real life. If you do not
     want to read this sort of material, STOP NOW!

      Copyright 1994 by me (Parker). Feel free to distribute
              (unaltered of course), but be discrete.

             This is part one of a four part story.

=================================================================

     No one was happy to see Jennifer.
     Which, to an outsider, might have seemed surprising. With
her thick, black hair, flawless alabaster skin, full red lips and
slender, athletic despite-the-fact-I-never-lower-myself-to-
exercise body,  Jennifer Watson was one of the most desirable
girls on campus. At least as far as looks went. And the male
students of the Phi Phi Phi fraternity were certainly just about
as appreciative of good looking women as one would expect them to
be. Even more so.
     This particular good looking woman, however, was the
president and head agitator of the local chapter of Concerned
Students for Political Correctness. In her second year at
Bakersville College North, she had been instrumental in the
college's decision to withdraw funding from the fraternity
newsletter as a result of certain allegedly sexist comments. She
had later caused the fraternity's sponsoring professor to be
suspended indefinitely because of some unsubstantiated
allegations regarding sexual proposals he had made to a female
student (who had, incidentally, received a failing grade just
prior to the accusations). All things considered, Jennifer Watson
had been a thorn in the side of the fraternity during her four
years at BCN.
      Her most recent success, however, topped them all. She had
been working for years now to get the PPP's annual "Slave
Auction" cancelled. Each year, the PPP fraternity and some of the
girl's from one of the sorority houses on campus held a mock
Slave Auction to raise money for improvements to their
facilities. For the last few years, they had been raising money
to add an indoor pool to the fraternity house. Not only had
Jennifer spearheaded the successful drive to cancel the Slave
Auction (due to the fact that it "trivialized the experiences of
visible minorities who had suffered slavery in the past and
mocked the state of women everywhere, whose present existence was
little better than slavery at the hands of the male oriented
hierarchical society"), but she had convinced the college to
expropriate the money raised over the last few years and put it
towards the commission of a piece of modern sculpture celebrating
Sisterhood in the twentieth century.
     So, when Jennifer showed up at the door of the PPP
fraternity house where the members of the fraternity who had been
planning the event were gathered for a drunken 'wake' - a so-
called 'pool party' - no one was particularly pleased to see her.
     It was the guy who opened the door, one Mark Spenser, who -
despite not usually being a particularly articulate individual -
voiced the feelings of the entire group: "What the fuck are you
doing here?"
     Jennifer just smirked. She had been out for a couple of
drinks with some friends earlier that evening and had been on her
way to the airport (it was spring break, and she had arranged to
get away by herself for a while) when she had decided to drop by
the frat house to see how they were taking the news. In fact, she
was a little drunk.
     "Just stopping by to say goodbye," she explained, slurring
her words a bit. "Wanted to make certain that there were no hard
feelings."
      "No hard feelings?" Mark was incredulous. "Fuck that. You
came her to rub it in more like it."
     Jennifer widened her eyes in mock surprise. She *loved*
this! "Not at all," she protested, trying not to laugh. These
guys were soooooo stupid. "I did it for your benefit too. It's an
important lesson to learn, but..."
     Mark had heard enough. "Why don't you just..."
     "Hold on a moment." Mark was cut off by a quiet, intense
voice. "She's right." Amazed, Mark turned to confront the person
behind him. It was...
     "Gary?" A freshman at BCN and an applicant to join the
fraternity. What was...
     "Just a second, Mark." The speaker, a tall geeky looking guy
with short black hair and glasses approached and placed his hand
on Mark's shoulder. "Jennifer here has a point." The entire room
had fallen silent. Even Jennifer was astounded. Was this guy
making fun of her? "What we were doing was insensitive," Gary
explained. "It was wrong. And I think that we should thank
Jennifer for pointing it out to us."
      He turned. "Sharon," he called out, "get Jennifer here a
drink." He turned back to the girl who stood, silent and staring
in the doorway. "Beer OK?"
      Jennifer nodded a puzzled assent, still unsure as to whether
or not this guy was making fun of her.
      "A beer," Gary called out. Mark started to say something,
but Gary ignored him. "Come in," he invited Jennifer. "Let us
make up for some of the harsh words that've passed between our
organizations."
     In her partially drunken state, Jennifer actually believed
him. She entered the room. Gary closed the door behind her and
Mark stomped off. The music started up again, and Sharon - a
short, pudgy girl with pig eyes, Jennifer noticed, conscious as
always of her own beauty - returned a few moments later with a
glass of beer. Jennifer accepted it without thanks and took a
sip.
     Gary sat her down on the couch as the 'pool party' started
up again around them. He began talking to her about the Slave
Auction and generally engaged her in conversation while she
finished the beer and then another, also brought by Sharon. After
a while,  she began to feel a queer sort of disassociation,
almost as if her mind was floating free from her body. The room
was getting warmer and warmer; the music drifted away...
          Jennifer felt a warm, pleasurable sensation on her chest.
She looked down to see that her breasts were fully exposed; her
blouse had somehow come open and her bra unfastened.
      "G-Gary?" What was... but when she looked up, it was Mark
sitting in front of her, playing with her breasts. Panicked, she
brought her hands up to stop him, but she seemed to be completely
lacking in strength.
      Everything seemed so far away...
     Jennifer drew in a breath to voice a protest, but just as
she opened her mouth to speak, Mark kissed her. The feel of his
warm lips on hers sent tingles of pleasure shooting through her.
She could only moan in pleasure as his tongue vigorously explored
the inside of her mouth. She didn't know what was happening to
her... or why; but it sure felt good! Too good. Jennifer stopped
trying to stop it. As best she could in her drugged state, she
wrapped her arms around Mark's neck and...

     No. It wasn't Mark any more. It was someone else. Some guy
she didn't know. Jennifer struggled to sit up, but she was held
down by what seemed to her to be disembodied hands on her
shoulders. She was lying back on the couch, legs spread as the
guy fucked his cock in and out of her wet, fully exposed pussy.
Involuntarily, she moaned in pleasure, bucking her hips up
against him to increase the pressure on her sensitive clit.
      From out of nowhere, a hand grabbed her thick black hair and
pulled her head back and upwards. She opened her mouth to gasp in
pain, and immediately a large, warm cock slid in between her
thick, wet lips. She gagged slightly at this intrusion, but
instinctively began sucking at it. It tasted so good!
     The cock in her pussy began to spurt, pumping wad after wad
of warm, wet sperm into her welcoming thighs. She felt a series
of little orgasms wrack her body as she slurped hungrily at...

     At...
     She wiped ineffectually at the globs of sticky, white sperm
which now coated her pale cheeks. Jennifer wasn't sure how many
cocks she had sucked, but a large number of them had erupted onto
her face rather than into her mouth. The sperm felt warm and
sticky as she wiped at it with her long, delicate fingers.
     She was on her hands and knees now. Someone was behind her,
sawing his cock in and out of her pussy. She moaned and grunted
in pleasure, coming at the same time as cock in her pussy. She
was still halfway through the orgasm when the cock pulled out and
another took its place.
     It felt so good!
     "Please... please... please..."

     Mark looked down, a big stupid grin on his face, as Jennifer
Watson, on her hands and knees, mouth and pussy simultaneously
stuffed with cock, her beautiful face shining with a thick
coating of sperm and drool, bucked and moaned with obvious
pleasure. Jennifer Watson - the president of the Concerned
Students for Political Correctness. Hah! The horny bitch had
fucked at least a dozen guys so far and was still going strong.
      That Gary!
      What a great idea using that drug. Even though he was only a
freshman, Gary's actions that night had pretty much assured
himself not only a place in the fraternity, but a place in the
upper echelons. What a guy. For some reason, however, Gary had
not wanted to take a turn with the bitch - he had even left early
with his girlfriend Sharon - but that didn't matter. All that
mattered now was that he get another shot as this whore before
the drug wore off.
     Mark felt his cock get hard again (for the third time that
night!) as he waited for another turn with the slut.
      In the end, the guys had tired before Jennifer. There were
only ten of them! Completely spent, they sat around the room in
languid satisfaction, watching in amazement as Jennifer Watson
lay, like some naked and fucked out whore, on the floor in the
centre of the living room. The raven haired slut lay on her back,
legs spread widely, moaning and whimpering, fingers still working
busily away in her sopping cunt.
     What a whore.
     This was the scene that greeted Tammy, Lisa, Becky and Cindy
as they entered the frat house. They were the girls from the
nearby sorority house who had been helping plan the fund raising
Slave Auction for the pool.
     "What the hell?"
     Mark quickly stammered out an explanation. How Jennifer had
shown up at the party to gloat and how Gary had drugged the bitch
so she would turn into a slut. He had been afraid that they might
be angry, but the girls seemed more amused than anything else.
Jennifer had, over the last few years, fucked them over with her
political correctness as much as she had the fraternity.
     Tammy, the unofficial leader of the sorority group, even sat
herself down beside the naked squirming girl and began playing
with Jennifer's exposed pussy. Although not nearly as beautiful
as the slut on the floor, Tammy was still very attractive in a
pudgy sort of way, with shoulder length blonde hair and wide,
green eyes. The boys stared in mute amazement as the blonde girl
slid a finger in and out of the slut's sopping pussy. A number of
them began to get hard again.
      "Jennifer the campus slut," Tammy muttered, grinning.
"Jennifer the fuck-pet." Tammy looked up at the rest of the
group. "I like the sound of that." Half oblivious, the subject of
Tammy's comments moaned and lifted her hips off the floor, trying
desperately to grind her pussy into Tammy's hand.
     "Please..."
     Everyone laughed.
     Except Lisa. Typical. She was a tall, attractive girl with
long black hair and a pair of horn-rimmed glasses that gave her a
studious, old-fashioned appearance. Lisa was the one who always
saw the downside of things.
     "You've got a problem here," she said, frowning. "This is
fine now when she's drugged, but what about when she sobers up?"
The guys looked puzzled. What about it?
     "She'll cry rape," Lisa explained.
     Immediately, the guys in the fraternity began  talking
loudly. Once again, it was Mark who voiced their feelings. "But
she was willing," he protested. "Everyone saw it."
     "Who do you think they'll believe?" Lisa asked him.
     Mark fell silent.
     "She's right," Cindy agreed. "No one will ever believe that
she willingly fucked all you guys."
     "Fuck..." Jennifer mumbled, half-conscious as Tammy played
with her pussy. Every time she was about to come, Tammy would
pull her hand away. " Fuck me... please..."
     "Especially after what she did," Becky stated, continuing
the thought. Despite the fact that Becky was a pale skinned red
head and Cindy negro, the two girls were known as the 'twins'.
The went everywhere together and were co-leaders of the
cheerleading squad.
      "Getting your pool money confiscated," Cindy finished, "and
getting the Auction cancelled."
     The guys in the fraternity looked glum. The twins were
right. When word got out, they would be lucky to stay out of
jail, never mind being kicked out of school.
     Mark swallowed. That asshole Gary! No wonder he hadn't stuck
around. Next time he came around...
     "Don't panic," Tammy smirked, looking up from where she sat
on the floor beside the squirming girl. "I think I see a way out
of this..."

     Jennifer stared dimly upwards through the haze of lust that
suffused her body. The hand in her pussy had moved away, but she
was still able to masturbate herself. It didn't feel as good as
when someone else was doing it, but at least she actually brought
herself off. Jennifer hazily watched the others in the room as
she rapidly slid her fingers up and down over her pussy. They
seemed to be talking about something...
      Why were they all being so serious? Why didn't one of the
boys fuck her again? She needed it so bad...
     "Fuck me..." she whined. "Somebody... please?"
     But it was no use. They were busy with something else. One
of the girls - Lisa, her fogged mind informed her, properly
placing the name with the face - had taken off her clothes and
was getting dressed again, this time in a different set of
clothes. Jennifer's mind groped and struggled with an idea. What
was it? Then she realized: they were *her* clothes! Lisa was
getting dressed in Jennifer's clothing.
      Jennifer giggled madly: with her jet black hair and slim
build, Lisa looked something like Jennifer, at least from afar.
It was funny: Lisa playing Jennifer!
     Still... still, a thread of unease writhed its way through
her drug-induced haze. Almost against her will, Jennifer began to
pay attention to what was being said: "...car keys. Phone when
you get there and... at airport. Make sure they see you, but not
too..."
      What was happening?
     Then Lisa was gone, still wearing Jennifer's clothes and
jacket. The unease Jennifer had felt was washed away as another
orgasm, smaller this time, racked her body while the door swung
shut.
     What was going on?
     Another girl, the name 'Tammy' entered Jennifer's groggy
mind, turned her attention downwards. She smiled as she noticed
that Jennifer was focusing on her. Jennifer felt another twinge
of unease cut through the fading lust at that smile. She felt
that she must know this girl from somewhere. Wasn't she...
     Tammy reached down and pulled the confused girl into an
upright, sitting position. Jennifer grunted with discomfort as
she felt the now-cold sperm dribble out of her suddenly aching
pussy when she sat up. "Come along, little Jennifer Fucktoy,"
Tammy whispered. "Time to get dressed and go home."
     Home. Something in Jennifer's mind objected to being called
'fucktoy', but 'home' sounded good.
      Warm. Safe.
     With some help from Becky and Cindy, Tammy pulled Jennifer's
slender arms upward, and slid the a thin top down over Jennifer's
head and over her chest. The three girls than heaved Jennifer to
her unsteady feet, and pulled some sort of miniskirt up to her
waist. Jennifer squirmed, not liking the feel of the tight
polyester on her skin, but could not effectively resist. Finally,
Tammy reached down and strapped a pair of four inch heels onto
the feet of the weakly struggling girl.
     "All done," Tammy announced, standing. "Let's take a look."
     Suddenly unsupported, Jennifer stood uncertainly on the
heels, looking about the room. Everyone was staring at her. The
guys... Mark... the girls... Confused, she turned in a circle,
stumbling slightly on the heels, looking about until she caught
sight of herself in a mirror.
     Omygod!
     The girl staring back from the depths of the mirror looked
like a complete slut! She wore a tight, black polyester skirt
that barely covered four inches below the rounded bottom of her
asscheeks. Likewise, the bright, pink sleeveless top clearly
revealed the outlines of her nipples, and hung only halfway down
her front, clearly exposing her stomach. The only other item of
clothing the girl was wearing was a pair of shiny black pumps.
The girl's tangled, matted hair gave her a wild, sexy appearance,
as it hung down over her face, half concealing her wide, brown
eyes and thick, pouty lips.
      In the mirror, Jennifer saw Tammy come up behind her, and
then felt the other girl's hands reach around and cup her thinly
covered breasts.
     "Come along, little play-slut," Tammy whispered in her ears,
nibbling and biting between words. "Time to go home."
     Home. That sounded right.
     Warm.
      Safe.
     Still dazed, Jennifer allowed herself to be led by the other
girls, unresisting, out the back door and across the parking lot
to a waiting car. In fact, she couldn't have fought back if she
had wanted to; the drugs and alcohol made it almost impossible
for her to walk unaided on the four inch heels, and she was
forced to lean on the other girls for support.
     On the way to the parking lot, the girls encountered a group
of guys heading in the opposite direction. Jennifer looked one of
them in the eye and tried to ask for help, but he just smirked at
her. Another guy whistled as the girls walked past.
     "See," Tammy said, to no one in particular as the boys moved
away. "No one will see Jennifer Watson. Just some party slut."
     Finally, they reached their destination. Becky unlocked the
back door and shoved her inside with the aid of Cindy.
     Jennifer's last thought before she finally passed out on the
back seat where she say between Tammy and Becky - the former
still playing with her breasts - was of home.
     Safe.

                          END PART ONE
=================================================================
                    POOL PARTY II
                            By Parker

     When Jennifer eventually regained consciousness, she found
herself fastened securely to a heavy brass bed by four sets of
cold metal handcuffs, each one attaching its respective wrist or
ankle to the four corners of the bedframe. She struggled not to
give in to panic as her mind slowly replayed for her the events
of the previous... what... evening? Jennifer had no way of
knowing how long she had been unconscious.
      Her conscious behaviour, however, was another story. Despite
the drugs and alcohol, her memory was pretty much intact: the
arrival at the frathouse (for a little bit of frat-baiting); the
drinking; the strange feeling of disassociation; the... the sex
(Jennifer's stomach heaved at the thought); the trip to the
car...
      Then nothing.
     Where was she?
     Jennifer shook her long, dark hair away from her face and
looked down at herself. Oh god! It was every bit as bad as she'd
remembered! With the exception of the shoes - her feet were now
bare - she was still wearing the clothing in which she had left
the party. The pink top; the miniskirt... Someone seemed to have
cleaned her up a bit, but there were still spots of dried cum
dotting the tank top and miniskirt.
     She squirmed, testing her bonds. No luck. The unyielding
handcuffs just bit a little further into her wrists, adding
another layer of pain to overlay the general ache which permeated
her abused body. The captive girl moaned in agony as the slight
movement of her legs rubbed the inside of her thighs together.
She had obviously been rubbed raw the night before.
      Jennifer opened her mouth to scream for help, for anything,
but could only manage a weak sound that was halfway between a
groan and a sob. She shivered in misery. The after affects of the
drugs and alcohol had left her throat parched and her head
aching.
     "Help me," she whispered.
     As if on cue, the door opened. Tammy Sinclair entered the
room, carrying with her a large bottle of mineral water.
Jennifer's parched throat seemed to swell shut at the sight of
it.      "Water?" she moaned.
     Tammy smiled. The short blonde girl carefully sat the bottle
down beside the bed - out of Jennifer's limited reach, of
course - and sat down on the side of the bed.
     "How's our little girl?" she asked mockingly. "Not feeling
too good, hmm?" She reached over and ran her fingers through her
captive's thick black hair. "Little Jennie have too much to
drink?" she cooed. "Poor Jen-Jen."
     Jennifer ignored the insults.
      Only one thing mattered. "P-please... water."
     "Well, maybe a little later," Tammy chuckled. "We have some
things to talk about first." She moved her hands lower, dragging
her short, pudgy fingers down her captive's tear-stained cheek
and then down to her barely covered breasts. Jennifer stared,
wide-eyed and unbelieving, as the younger girl began to play with
her firm tits. She squirmed in discomfort, but was unable to pull
away. Tammy, however, couldn't help but notice these attempts to
avoid her touch.
     "Now that's no way to behave," she said with mock firmness.
She grasped one of Jennifer's nipples between two fingers and
squeezed. Jennifer stiffened and groaned in pain. "You're my
little playmate now," the blonde said, still squeezing. "My
little play puss. Little playtoys don't try to move away. They
take what's given to them and are thankful for it." With one last
twist, she released the throbbing nipple and then resumed toying
with Jennifer's breast. This time, Jennifer didn't pull away.
There was silence for a few moments as Tammy finished with the
breast and worked her way slowly down Jennifer's stomach, under
the miniskirt, and onto the captive's pussy. Jennifer tried to
close her legs, but she was unable to do so because of the cuffs
on her ankles. Hopelessly, she moaned and whimpered as her
tormentress slowly sank one... and then two thick fingers into
her raw pussy.
     "Please... Tammy," she begged, voice hoarse and dusty.
"Don't..."
     Tammy smirked at her. "Don't you remember me little Jennie?"
she asked, fingers still inserted. "You must."
     Jennifer just shook her head, confused. She knew Tammy by
name, but not...
     "I was the person who represented this sorority at the
hearing last year," the blonde explained, "during the inquiry
into racial equality in campus organizations." She slowly began
to move her fingers in and out of her captive's painful, fucked
out pussy. "You remember. That was the inquiry where it was
determined that our sorority didn't have a large enough
representation of visible minorities," Tammy continued, "and our
funding was cut off by sixty percent." By now, Jennifer was
having trouble following Tammy's words, as the other girl's
fingers were sending waves of stabbing pain into her belly. She
remembered the inquiry though; it had been her idea...
      "That's this sorority. That's why our house is only about
half full. That's why we have plenty of room to keep you here for
as long as we want." Tammy abruptly jerked her fingers free of
Jennifer's pussy.
     "Ahh..." Jennifer's hips bucked with pain.
     "So you're going to make it up to us," Tammy finished. "To
me. You're going to be the house pussy slave." Tammy reached
over, opened the bottle, and took a long slow drink of water. Her
words slowly sunk in as Jennifer watched her drink.
      Pussy slave!
Tammy finished drinking and methodically screwed the cap
back on. "And what's more," she continued, "you're going to help
replace the money that was confiscated for the pool at Phi Phi
Phi. We've arranged a little part time job for you."
     Jennifer tried to say something... to question what was
happening, but her throat was too parched to let out anything but
a hoarse cough. And her head ached so much!
     Tammy stood. "Well," she said sweetly, "I've given you a lot
to think about right now. We'll talk more later." The girl turned
and walked out of the room. The bottle of water, on the other
hand, was left on a side table, just out of Jennifer's reach.

     She had no way of telling; it could have been hours or it
could have been days before the door opened again. Jennifer had
no way of measuring time other than by the slow, steady increase
in torment as her bound body became more and more dehydrated. Her
wrists and ankles had been rubbed red and raw by her frenzied
attempts to get loose - to reach the precious bottle of water
sitting beside the bed - but it had been no use. She was still
chained firmly in position on the bed when Tammy finally re-
entered the room.
     "How are we doing pet?" the girl asked.
     Jennifer looked up at her with bleary, red-rimmed eyes.
      "W-wat... er," she croaked, voice dusty and dry.
     Tammy smiled nastily. "Water?" she asked, all innocent. "Are
you getting thirsty?"
     Jennifer nodded weakly.
     "Well then," Tammy said cheerfully, "I'll give you some
water, but you'll have to do something for me first."
     Jennifer just stared at her.
     Waiting.
     "Ever since your little display at Phi Phi Phi the other
night," Tammy told her, "I've been a little hot. All that
delicious sex..." The girl sighed wistfully. "And none for me."
She sat down on the side of the bed and slipped a hand under the
pink top. Jennifer didn't pull away. She'd learned that lesson.
"So," she continued, "I was just thinking... wouldn't it be nice
to have a little pussy slave to take care of me when I get hot? A
nice, obedient little play puss to give me the tongue whenever I
want it."
      Jennifer stared in horror, eyes wide. The drug-induced sex
with the boys had been a nightmare, but this... this was sick.
She wasn't a lesbian! (Not that she didn't support the lifestyle
choices made by...)
      "I'm sure a lot of the girls her would appreciate the same
thing," Tammy continued.
      Jennifer coughed out an answer. "N...no." Never.
     Tammy frowned, removing her hand from the older girl's
breast. "Well," she said, "If you're going to be unreasonable,
I'll just have to come back and talk to you about it later." She
slid to her feet and stalked away, closing the door behind her.
     "N... no," Jennifer repeated to the now empty room.


     This time, Jennifer was certain that days had passed before
anyone came back into the room. It must have been days. She had
tried to hold it, but had finally admitted defeat as her swollen
bladder gave way and the beer-piss that had been building up for
the last few hours had sprayed out, soaking the bed and her upper
legs. That had been hours ago; the moisture had long since dried
off her thighs, but the smell was maddening.
     "Pee yew" Tammy muttered as she entered the room. "Has
little Jennie had an accident?" Jennifer's face burned with
mortification. It hadn't been her fault, but some instinct that
had been bred into her since her childhood toilet-training kept
chanting her guilt over and over to her.
      She had been a bad girl.
     She had done a bad thing.
     "It sure does smell like it," came another voice. Not Tammy.
It was Lisa, the tall dark haired girl who had dressed up in
Jennifer's clothing and taken her car. In fact, she was still
wearing Jennifer's clothes. Jennifer's eyes struggled to muster
the non-existent moisture necessary to create tears at the sight
of these relics of her life before the events of the party. No
tears though; just a dry stinging sensation in her eyes.
     The pudgy blonde girl looked down on her.
      "Well pet?" she asked. "Ready to begin?"
     Jennifer nodded. She had been ready for the last few hours, ever since
she had voided herself on the bed. That had been the
final blow; she knew that she would do whatever they said. At
least until she had a chance to get free.
      Anything for some water.
     Tammy smirked and looked over at her friend. "I told you,"
she said.
      "We'll see," Lisa sniffed, brushing her long black hair back
from her face. "She hasn't done anything yet." The girl bent over
and began pulling down her - Jennifer's - slacks.
     "She will," Tammy said confidently.
     In a few moments, Lisa had removed her glasses and was naked
from the waist down.  Jennifer tried to close her eyes, but was
unable to turn away. She watched in horrified fascination as the
girl stretched her long, thin legs, climbed on the bed, and
straddled Jennifer's face with her thighs. Lisa's pussy, thick
with tangled black hair, was soon directly above her mouth.
      Jennifer gagged. She immediately felt almost smothered by
the smell of pussy.
      "I can't believe she's gonna do this," Lisa predicted
pessimistically.
     "Just a second," Tammy said. The blonde opened the water
bottle, poured some of the liquid onto her palm, and quickly
splashed it over her friend's pussy. A few drops fell free and
landed on Jennifer's face. The captive girl swallowed as best she
could, but a good portion of the water glistened invitingly in
Lisa's pussy hair.
     Jennifer moaned. Not enough.
      Not nearly enough water.
      "Do it," Tammy said. "Jam your snatch in her ugly face."
     Obediently, the dark haired girl lowered her naked crotch
onto Jennifer's face, jamming her pussy over the girl's nose and
mouth. At first, Jennifer kept her mouth firmly closed, revolted
by the sight and smell of the other girl's pussy. She just
couldn't do it; she couldn't! But, a few moments later, the feel
of the water on her lips forced her to open her mouth and extend
her tongue.
      Water!
      Tammy had splashed Lisa's crotch with precious water.
Jennifer - slowly at first, but then with increasing enthusiasm -
thrust her tongue out between her parched lips and began to lick.
The taste of the water overcame all inhibitions. Within moments,
she was slurping away loudly at Lisa's cunt, her dry tongue
scraping along the outside of Lisa's pussy.
     "She's doing it," the girl cried, excited. "She's licking my
pussy. The little slut." Lisa, excited by the captive's
obedience, let out a moan of intense pleasure as she reached up
to fondle her own tits. "Harder," she moaned, grinding her
sopping pussy into the unwilling girl's face.
     Jennifer shuddered as another wave of shame and revulsion
washed over her while Lisa gasped and writhed on her face. But
she couldn't help herself. She had to have moisture! The water
was gone now, but Lisa's pussy was beginning to produce juices of
its own. Still parched, Jennifer thirstily sucked away, oblivious
of all else as Lisa began humping her crotch up and down on top
of her face.
     Nothing else mattered.
     Which was why, after Lisa quickly came with a shuddering,
intense orgasm and climbed slowly off the bed, Jennifer was
shocked to find more girls in the room. It was Becky and Cindy.
The twins.
      Cindy held a camera.
     "You're next," Tammy said, gesturing towards Becky. The
slender redhead needed no further encouragement. Already naked,
she giggled as she climbed aboard, small tits bobbing merrily. A
natural redhead. Once again, Jennifer was forced to lick and suck
the girl to climax, all the time desperately slurping up and
drinking down and much as possible of the precious pussy juice.
      An irregular burst of light attested to the fact that Cindy
was capturing the entire event on film, but Jennifer didn't care
any more. Her whole world was focused on the tight, wet pussy
being ground into her face. She needed the liquid.
     Next was Cindy. Jennifer gagged and began chocking as the
black girl climbed aboard shoved her wet, smelly pussy in the
captive's face, but she soon started lapping away with
enthusiasm, just as she had done for the other two girls.
      Finally, Tammy herself straddled the captive's face. By now,
Jennifer was no longer revolted by the other girls' pussies. They
were just a source of nourishment. She even moaned in frustration
when Tammy, after coming twice, loudly, climbed off.
Involuntarily, Jennifer raised her head off the pillow in a vain
attempt to capture just a few more drops of pussy juice from
Tammy's dripping pussy.
      She couldn't help herself. She wanted more. Not sexual
pleasure, as she had felt none, but moisture.
      Sweet moisture...

     Cindy, still half naked, took a few more pictures, moving
around the bed to capture the scene from a number of different
angles. Their captive's hair was once again (as it had been at
the pool party) matted down onto her sweaty forehead, this time
stuck down with pussy juice rather than sperm. In fact, the
girl's entire face shone red with the exertion and results of her
efforts.
     "Look," Cindy giggled. Jennifer had extended her tongue as
far out of her mouth as she could, and was running it desperately
over as much of her face as she could manage, still trying to
capture whatever moisture that was available. Laughing and
giggling, the four girls watched for a while, fascinated, until
Tammy ushered them out of the room and shut the door behind them.
Finally, it was just her and Jennifer alone again.
     "There, little puss sucker," Tammy smirked. "That wasn't so
bad, was it?" Jennifer had given up trying to suck in any more
pussy juice and just lay there, staring upwards with hatred.
Control had returned, and with it an intense hatred for the
person who had so degraded her. The blonde girl, however, was
unimpressed. Laughing, Tammy ran a hand over her captive's
forehead. She gathered up a glob of pussy juice and brought it
down to the older girl's lips. Hatred was immediately forgotten.
As was pride. Almost against her will, Jennifer opened her red,
swollen lips and accepted Tammy's juice-covered finger in her
mouth, sucking thirstily. After she had sucked the moisture off
of it, Tammy pulled it out and repeated the process until
Jennifer's face had more or less been scraped dry and Jennifer
lay still, hoarse and panting with humiliation.
     She needed more.
     "Don't be greedy now," Tammy cautioned as Jennifer
laboriously turned her head and gazed longingly at the bottle of
water. "There'll be plenty more pussy juice for you soon."
      Still, she poured a handful of water into her palm and
allowed the older girl to lap it up. Jennifer did so, but this
time she was keenly aware of her humiliation: lapping water out
of this bitch's hand like some dog. Nevertheless...
     Finally, Tammy stood up to go.
     "Wait," Jennifer protested, throat now lubricated with
moisture. "What's... h-how long are you going to keep me here?
You can't just..." She let the thought trail off, unspoken.
      Could they?
     Tammy smiled down at her. "Why, just until you earn back the
money you had taken from the boys; for their pool."
     Jennifer was both puzzled and enraged. After a brief
struggle, the puzzlement won out; there wasn't much point in
venting her anger while she was fastened down so securely.
      "But... how?"
     "Don't you worry about that, little play-puss," Tammy cooed.
"It's all arranged. You start training for your new job
tomorrow." With that, the blonde coed turned out the lights and
left the room.
     "Wait..."
     The door swung shut. And Jennifer, who now had taken in
enough moisture to form tears, began to cry.

                           END PART II
=================================================================


                         POOL PARTY III
                            By Parker

     WARNING: This story contains lots and lots of non-consensual
     sexual activity. It is not intended for minors or for those
     who are easily offended. If you fall into either of these
     categories, stop reading now.

          This is the third part of a four part story.

     Copyright 1994 by me (Parker). Feel free to distribute
     (unaltered, of course), but be discrete.

=================================================================

     The job, it turned out, was stripping.
     The trainer was a hard looking oriental woman named Kim. Kim
Loo. She worked as a recruiter and trainer for a chain of
'gentleman's clubs' across the country. In particular, she worked
for the local club of the chain: 'Pussywillows', located in
nearby Point Hope. Tammy had met her there during the 'end of the
school year' celebrations after her first year of college.
Evidently, they had worked out some sort of deal for Jennifer to
work at the club. At least, if Kim wanted her.
     And it seemed she did.
     Jennifer was still fastened down on the bed when Kim Loo had
shown up at the sorority the morning after the captive's first
session of pussy sucking. The girls had gotten her to repeat her
duties that morning, but had been meticulous in getting her
cleaned up for her 'audition'.
      Kim had looked down on the captive girl as she stared back
from the bed with wide, confused eyes, still dressed in the pink
top and miniskirt in which she had left the pool party. The
oriental woman was careful not to show any emotion as she stared
down at Jennifer with impenetrable black eyes, but she knew
instantly that this girl would be perfect for the club.
Pussywillows specialized in fresh new talent, its patrons
preferring the slightly hesitant and embarrassed newcomers over
the more experienced professionals. As well, the professionals
knew better than to hook up with a place like Pussywillows, as it
was more than stripjoint.
      Jennifer fit the bill perfectly.
     After what seemed like an eternity to Jennifer, the woman
had turned to Tammy.
     "She'll do." That was all. The woman turned and walked out
of the bedroom.
     "What's going on?" Jennifer whined, thoroughly frightened.
     "She's going to be your new boss," Tammy explained
gleefully. "And trainer. You start next week at Pussywillow's in
Point Hope."
     Jennifer's eyes widened with shock and she chocked back a
cry. She knew all about that place. In fact, she had spent much
of the previous summer picketing in front of it, and gathering
signatures on a petition to have it shut down. It was one of her
few unsuccessful causes.
     That was enough.
     "No way," she stated. "No fuckin' way I'm doing it."
Jennifer began to struggle with her bonds. "Now let me loose you
bitch." She thrashed about on the bed, but to no avail.
     Tammy just smiled.
      A nasty smile.
      "I think," the blonde coed said mildly, green eyes sparkling
with malice, "that it's time to show you something. A
demonstration." She walked to the other side of the room, bent
over, and slid open a battered wooden drawer. When she
straightened up, she held in her hand a metal rod, about two feet
in length, with a plastic handle on one end and a small bulb on
the other. A small red switch sat beside a plastic dial on the
handle.
     "This," she announced happily, "is a cattle prod." Jennifer
stared in horrified fascination as Tammy walked up to the side of
the bed. "I'm going to give you a jolt on low power, just to give
you a taste of it. If I have to use it again, however, it will be
turned to full." She flicked the switch. The rod emitted a low
humming sound as Tammy waved it slowly over her captive's face
and then lowered it to Jennifer's stomach.
     Jennifer shook her head. "No... NOOOOO......"
     Pain.
     The pain was unbelievable. It went so far beyond anything
Jennifer had ever imagined a human being could experience and
still survive that she was for a moment utterly certain that she
had somehow spontaneously burst into flames and was being
consumed by the fire. Indeed, she was shocked to find herself
intact when the burning finally died down.
     Tammy looked down in satisfaction. Jennifer's eyes were wild
with pain and her quivering lower chin was covered with
glistening spittle from where she had virtually foamed at the
mouth. That should do it.
     "That was on low power," she reiterated. "Next time it's on
full. If you continue to misbehave, you'll become rather...
intimate with it." Tammy paused to let her words sink in.
      "Do you understand?"
     Jennifer, still racked with the pain-filled aftershocks of
the jolt, nodded her head in emphatic agreement. She was
certain - she knew - that she could not survive a jolt at full
power. It would surely kill her.
     Tammy smirked in satisfaction. The prod seemed to have done
its job. Turning, she called out: "Becky. Cindy." The twins
appeared in the doorway and entered the room. "Get her ready for
her first lesson," Tammy ordered.
     It was to be the first of many.

     The lessons took place in the sorority common room.
     For about three hours every morning and then every
afternoon, Kim taught Jennifer the rudiments of stripping. At
first, she kept her clothes on. Kim taught her how to stretch and
move her sleek body to show off most effectively her various
'assets' (as Kim called them). She learned to bump and grind her
crotch in an obscene circular motion; how to prance with grace on
the four inch pumps they forced her to wear continually. Jennifer
was taught how to swing her narrow hips in a sexy manner; how to
move in a way that caused her tits to bounce up and down on her
chest just so.
      In short, she was being trained to act the perfect slut.
     When the 'basics' were over, Kim started in on the actual
stripping. Against her will - but enthusiastically, under threat
of the cattle prod - she learned how to remove her various
articles of clothing, one by one, in way calculated to drive men
wild. Again and again, the mortified girl was forced to strut her
stuff in front of Kim and the sorority girls, and slowly...
teasingly... strip down to nothing. Once naked, she was
instructed in the 'fine art' of showing off some of the usually
hidden parts of her body: slipping her hands under her firm
titties and pushing upwards; crouching with legs spread to show
off her pussy; turning, back to the audience, spreading her legs
and bending at the waist...
     When Kim was satisfied that she had made a good start on the
actual stripping, Jennifer was shown some other necessary skills
for her new role in life: the oriental woman demonstrated how to
apply thick layers of what was almost stage makeup for use under
the bright lights of the catwalk; how to pout like a spoiled slut
and run her pink tongue over her now bright, red lips. How to
blow sexy mock kisses to an (for now) imaginary audience. She was
shown how to tease her own nipples - after, of course, they had
been suitably rouged - so that they stood proud and firm on her
chest.
     Day after day she practised...

     The extreme humiliation of these lessons was not lost on
Jennifer. The fact that she - a person who had dedicated her life
to eradicating such sexist, male-gratifying images - was forced
to learn how to behave like some adolescent fantasy-slut drove
her wild with frustration and anger.
     But there was nothing she could do.
     Absolutely nothing.
     She had refused only once to obey a command, early on in the
second lesson. Smiling a sadistic little smile, Tammy had taken
the now crying girl into the bedroom and, without saying a word,
had used the cattle prod on her.
      At full force.
      As promised.
     When the convulsions at last had died down, Jennifer found
herself alone in the room, curled half naked into a fetal
position on the floor. She knew what she had to do. Sobbing with
pain and humiliation, she pushed herself to her feet,
straightened her meagre clothing, and stumbled back into the
common room to continue the lesson.
     Kim had been waiting for her.
     And the lessons resumed.

     The oriental woman could not, of course, spend all of her
time at the sorority house training her new employee. She had
other duties. She had, however, left certain instructions which
the girls followed with enthusiasm. For example, when she was not
actively engaged in a particular lesson, Jennifer was to be kept
in full 'slut dress' - tight miniskirts; wispy tops; plastic
pumps; heavy makeup -  in order to practice and become accustomed
to her new role in life. Thus, for the full two weeks of her
training, Jennifer was forced to prance around in full makeup and
wore nothing but short, tight miniskirts, revealing tops and high
heels. Before long, the sleek, sexy walk of a hot slut became
second nature to her.
     But Tammy wanted more. Under threat of the cattle prod,
their unwilling trainee was only allowed to speak either in a
breathy whisper - Tammy had forced her to practice it for hours
on end - which the girls referred to as her 'sex kitten voice',
or in a high, nasal whine (the 'bimbo' voice). In either case,
she was not allowed to use words of greater than two syllables.
At first, Jennifer had been unable to maintain the new voices,
and the girls were 'forced' to administer a number of humiliating
spankings during which their captive was forced to thank them
after each swat - in the appropriate voice, of course - and
apologize for her disobedience. With such encouragement, Jennifer
was soon able to maintain the voices without conscious thought,
but the limit of two syllables made it difficult for her to
articulate any sort of complex thought. Soon, she was speaking
only in short, simple sentences.
     Evenings, of course, she was required to service the girls,
and she quickly became quite proficient at pussy sucking. The
thought of being required to slurp the other girl's pussies every
night soon lost its terror, and more than once she became quite
angry at herself when she involuntarily felt a flush of pleasure
when Lisa complimented her. 'First chance,' she told herself,
face buried deep in the other girl's pussy, 'and I'm out of
here.'
      That chance, however, never seemed to come.
     Still, Tammy wanted more.
     After a few nights, Tammy appeared in the bedroom with a
large black dildo. "You're always going on about how the blacks
are treated on campus," the blonde coed laughed. "Put your pussy
where your mouth is." She threw the massive object onto the bed
beside the older girl. Jennifer, naked except for her shiny black
pumps and a black pushup bra, looked warily at the thing as she
sat on the side of the bed. It must have been at least ten inches
long. They couldn't...
     Tammy, sensing the older girl's hesitation, walked over and
picked up the ever present cattle prod. "Do it," she ordered
menacingly. Trembling, Jennifer reached over the grasped the
massive black dildo. "Now," Tammy continued, "lean back against
the pillow and start fucking yourself with it."
     Jennifer looked up. "T-Tammy..." The other girl sighed and
flicked on the cattle prod. The low, electric hum immediately
filled the room with the promise of pain. That was enough for
Jennifer. Hastily, she lay back against the pillow, spread her
legs and began inserting the dildo.
     "What's up?" It was Cindy, followed, as ever, by Becky.
     "The slut here's been complaining that she doesn't get
enough cock," Tammy smirked. "Isn't that right?"
     Jennifer nodded unevenly from the bed where she was still
trying to force the dildo inside her stretched pussy. About half
of is had now disappeared from view.
     "Say it." Tammy waved the cattle prod.
     "I... I w-wanted some c-cock," Jennifer groaned, as another
inch was sucked inside.
     The twins giggled. "I'll get my camera," Cindy cried,
running out of the room. Tammy, laughing, walked over to the side
of the bed. "C'mon little fuckpet," she cooed. "Get it in...
that's right." By the time Cindy returned with her camera,
Jennifer had finally managed to encompass the entire dildo, and
was just beginning - on Tammy's instructions - to start sliding
it in and out.
      Becky reached over and began playing with Jennifer's
nipples, but Tammy caller her away. "Let her do that," she
stated. Becky pulled away. "OK Jennie Cockslave," the blonde
said, "start putting on a show. Rub your little titties and play
with yourself until you make us believe that you've had an
orgasm." Jennifer turned beet red with embarrassment, but did as
she was told.
     Tammy was holding the cattle prod.
     And so, sleek legs stretched wide and trembling with
tension, Jennifer began to masturbate in earnest. She closed her
eyes and began thinking about... about anything other than where
she was; about being with a boy. A nice boy. A boy who would
treat her with respect; who would realize that she too was a real
person with goals and aspirations of her own; a boy who would
make long, tender love to her...
     Finally, the fantasy began to have an effect. Her pussy
juices started flowing, and for the first time since the pool
party, she began to feel some sexual pleasure. The large black
dildo, now glistening, slid in and out... in and out, while she
teased her own nipples through the sheer bra. Her brightly
painted lips parted and she let out a small moan of pleasure as
the cock drove her higher... higher... higher...
      Finally, she came. A wave of pleasure rolled over and
through her body, washing away the long days and hours of
humiliation and suffering. She felt warm and...
     Then she opened her eyes.
     Instead of the warm, understanding lover of her dreams, she
saw herself, stretched half naked on a bed, legs spread wide and
a large, black dildo stuck halfway up her pussy, while Tammy and
the twins - Cindy with the camera - looked on and laughed.
      "What's with the slut?" It was Lisa, who had just entered
the room. "She gettin' off?"
     And, for only the second time since she had been abducted
from the pool party, Jennifer began to cry in front of her
captors...
     Every night after that, Jennifer was required to put on a
show for the sorority girls. Usually with the black dildo, but
sometimes with other objects such as bottles or flashlights.
Usually up her pussy, but not always. Many nights found her lying
with her ankles chained up around her ears, running the dildo in
and out of her tightly stretched asshole.
     She never came again, but soon became adept at faking sexual
excitement. And the girls didn't care. It was even more degrading
when their captive's moans and grunts of pleasure were entirely
put on...

     Still Tammy wanted more.
     One night, she showed up in the bedroom with a new toy; a
long, pink dildo strapped to her crotch. First, she had Jennifer
give her a blowjob. The older girl had balked at first, but she
soon found herself on her knees in front of the pudgy blonde,
running her thick, pouty lips up and down the plastic cock. "Tell
me how much you love it," Tammy ordered, running the cattle prod
lightly along Jennifer's naked back.
      "Mmmm..." Jennifer moaned obediently, "I love to suck cock.
Give it to me. S-slide it into my mouth..." The girls liked this,
and forced her to continue, switching back and forth from the
'bimbo' voice to the 'sex kitten' voice. Cindy took numerous
pictures as Jennifer slaved over the plastic cock, running her
slender fingers up and down its spit glistening surface and
sucking it deep into her throat.
     After a while, Tammy pushed Jennifer back down onto the bed
and climbed on top. The other girls laughed and clapped with
amusement as the blonde ringleader spread Jennifer's legs and
began to fuck her with the dildo. Jennifer didn't resist - she
didn't dare - but that was not enough. Tammy wanted active
participation. A few slaps and pinches later (and, inevitably,
the threat of the cattle prod), Jennifer was moaning and grunting
like an experienced whore as Tammy rammed the plastic dildo in
and out of her pussy. Afterwards, the girls all had to give it a
try, each one insisting that Jennifer react as if overcome by
lust. In this manner, Jennifer was trained to fake an orgasm;
going over it again and again until the girls agreed that she had
it right. Soon, despite the fact that the sex with the dildo gave
her no pleasure at all, Jennifer was bucking, moaning and
screaming out orgasms like a porn star. Like the rest of her slut
behaviour, it became second nature to her.
     But Tammy wanted more.
     Anal sex.
     The blonde girl had been forced to use the cattle prod for
the third time when Jennifer objected to being sodomized with the
enormous phallus.  As usual, it had proved an effective tool: the
next night found Jennifer sitting on Tammy's lap, riding the
greased plastic dildo up and down her anal passage. All the time
mauling her own breasts, moaning and whining like it was the best
thing she had ever felt.
     By this time, the girls were regularly filming these little
training sessions. Jennifer didn't object.
      She didn't dare.

     Finally, a little over two weeks later, Tammy and Kim
decided that Jennifer was ready for work. As a prelude, Tammy set
up a 'coming out' party, inviting the boys from Phi Phi Phi to
witness the results of their hard work.
     Mark was the first one to arrive. He was greeted at the door
by a vastly changed Jennifer. Not the clothing: she was still
wearing the same polyester miniskirt, pink top and high heels he
had last seen her in at the pool party. That was the same. But
everything else... it was like night and day. This Jennifer - the
one who opened the door - gazed up at him with wide, adoring
eyes. This Jennifer slowly ran her tongue over her thick, pouty
lips before asking him, in a deep, breathy voice: "Come in. Can
Jennie take your coat?" (Even now, Jennifer couldn't help but
blush in helpless embarrassment at this final humiliation - Tammy
had decreed that she was no longer to refer to herself in the
first person.) This Jennifer flounced away, jacket in hand, with
her hips swinging back in forth in an inviting fashion. This was
not the president of the Concerned Students for Political
Correctness; this was one hot slut!
     By the time the rest of the guys had arrived, Mark was
comfortably seated on a large chair in the common room. The new
Jennifer - Jennie she was called now, Jennie Fucktoy - had
greeted each one of the guests individually - some with long,
deep kisses - and was now busily serving drinks. An oriental
woman - must be Kim, he realized, remembering his conversations
with Tammy, from the club - was given a position of honour right
at the front of the room. Directly in front of the cleared area
that would serve as a makeshift stage, she would have the best
view of the upcoming show.
     Finally, everything was ready. Jennifer was led out of the
room by the twins and Tammy walked to the front of the impromptu
stage and called loudly for attention.
     "Ok everyone," she called out. "Listen up." The room quickly
fell silent. "Tonight," she stated in a mock announcer's voice,
"it is my pleasure to present BCN's very own Campus Boy-Toy; our
very own sex bitch and pussy-sucker: Jennie Fucktoy!"
     Lisa hit a switch, and the lights dimmed in the non-stage
portion of the room while a slow, raunchy blues number cranked up
through a pair of old speakers behind the stage. After a few
moments, Jennifer appeared on stage.
      The new Jennifer.

     Standing in the doorway behind the common room, Jennifer
felt like she was about to throw up. She had considered trying to
slip out the back, but Becky and Cindy were keeping a close eye
on her. And, of course, the threat of the cattle prod was a
potent one. She was simply unwilling to risk the cost of an
unsuccessful attempt to escape.
     "...Jennie Fucktoy!"
     Tammy had finished her spiel. The music had started up.
     Showtime.
     Knowing she had no choice, Jennifer took a deep breath and
walked onstage.

     Mark hooted and hollered with the rest of them as Jennifer -
no; Jennie Fucktoy - appeared onstage. He couldn't believe that
this was the same bitch who had given them so much grief on
campus over the last four years. This girl - this slut - walked
slowly towards the front of the stage; lips parted in an
appealing pout; long, sleek legs moving in time with the bass;
hips swinging... It was amazing. Was this the same anal retentive
Jennifer Watson who had crashed his party a couple of weeks ago?
He felt his cock harden as the bitch-slut on stage strutted her
stuff back and forth in time with the music...

     Jennifer tried to ignore the cries and catcalls - the mad,
leering faces - as she went through the routine. She had been
through it a hundred times before, but never with an audience.
She felt her hardened nipples (thirty seconds of rubbing had done
it backstage) push against the front of her thin, pink top as she
strutted across the stage. Almost too late, she remembered to
lick her lips and smile at the audience...
      The terrifying image of the cattle prod shot through her
mind...

     Unbelievable!  This Jennie Fucktoy or whatever they called
her was unfuckingbleievable. What a babe! She was presently
crouched down in the centre of the stage, legs spread and pussy
clearly visible between her thighs.
     Mark reached down and began to stroke his cock.

     Jennifer kept the technique of the strip tease in the
forefront of her mind, trying to ignore all else: straighten up,
twirl and bend (wiggle your ass); unfasten the top while back is
to the audience (smile over your shoulder); drop top, turn, push
breasts up, fondle (lick your lips and smile); let tits go,
wiggle back and forth to make them shake (moan and smile); reach
down and insert thumbs in waistband of miniskirt...

     Tammy watched in satisfaction. It was going perfectly. The
boys were going wild as Jennie Fucktoy, now totally naked except
for the pumps, stretched her legs and ran her hands up and down
the outside of her pussy. Tammy had wanted to take it farther,
actually make her masturbate herself with the black dildo, but
Kim had turned down that idea: no penetration.
      At least not in this state.
     Finally, the show was over. The music faded and Jennie was
left standing, naked and glistening with sweat as the boys
laughed and cheered. Tammy glanced over at Kim who had quickly
stood up. The woman nodded at Tammy and walked past the panting
Jennie and into the kitchen. Tammy walked on stage, grabbed the
stunned Jennie by the arm, and dragged her, stumbling in the
pumps, back into the kitchen.

     Kim had taken out a piece of paper and placed it on the
table beside a pen. Still naked, Jennifer stared blankly at the
paper. What did they want her to do?
     Then Tammy began to speak: "It's a contract," she explained.
"Between you, me and Pussywillows. For your job."
      Confused, Jennifer glanced down at the paper. One particular
phrase jumped out at her. Three months. THREE MONTHS. She looked
over at the girl who held her by the arm. "T-Three months?" she
asked, still speaking in the low breathy voice. "I... Jennie
works three months?"
     "Bimbo voice," Tammy ordered.
     Jennifer swallowed and repeated the question, this time in
high, ditzy voice.
     This time Tammy nodded. "That's right. After that, you'll
have paid back the money we lost for the pool."
      It wasn't much, but Jennifer grasped firmly at that small
bit of hope. There was an end in sight.
      A way out.
     Three months...
     Hand shaking, she reached down and picked up the pen. It was
difficult to handle, as she was still unused to the long, bright
red nails that had been glued to her own fingernails, but she
managed to sign her name in a shaky scrawl. Tammy quickly grabbed
the pen and signed her own name. Kim, less anxiously, added her
own name to the document.
     The oriental woman smiled in satisfaction as she pocketed
the pen. She looked over at Tammy who was openly grinning. "Have
her at the club by noon tomorrow." That said, she turned and left
the room.
     Tammy turned to Jennie. "Well Jennie," she laughed. "You're
all set. Just one more thing?"
     Jennifer looked puzzled. What more could there possibly be?
     Tammy gestured to the common room where the boys were still
clapping and cheering. "You've got an adoring audience to
satisfy," she explained. Jennifer started to protest, but Tammy
just grabbed the older girl's face and dragged it closer. "And,"
she continued, "if I hear of one complaint - just one guy who
thinks that you aren't enjoying the gang banging you're about to
get - you'll spend the night with the cattle prod turned on to
full power and stuffed up your cunt. Do you understand?"
     Jennifer nodded. What else could she do?
     Laughing, Tammy jerked her around and shoved the hapless
girl back into the common room. The cheering rose to new
heights...

                          END PART III
=================================================================
                      POOL PARTY IV
                            By Parker
=================================================================

     Kim Loo watched in satisfaction as her newest employee
looked around, slightly confused, at the murky inside of the
club. She didn't look happy. And why should she? Pussywillows
wasn't much to look at during the day: the florescent work lights
highlighted the same seediness that lent the nightclub a sense of
attractive danger when the lights were low. And besides, with the
attractions featured up on the catwalk, who noticed cheap formica
tables and cracked, fake leather seats?
     Kim loved her job.
      Particularly at moments like these, when some stuckup rich
young college bitch - the kind of bitch who had treated her and
her family like shit all her life - began her career as an
'exotic dancer'. Most of them came more or less willingly,
needing money - often for drugs - or just being attracted to the
'glamorous' lifestyle. Indeed, there were plenty of girls around
willing to strip - or whatever - if the price was right. A
situation like this, however, with a girl like Jennifer, that was
the best.
      Kim well remembered the events of the previous summer - the
picketing; the chanting students; the publicity... The chance to
pay back the leader of that particular episode was not one to be
missed. The possibilities...
     Well.
      Kim Loo straightened up and carefully wiped her face clean
of expression. It wouldn't do to let the girls see her true
emotions; it would weaken her control over them if they realized
that the 'dragon lady' had feelings and emotions just like they
did. What would happen would happen.
     "Here she is," Tammy announced.
      The blonde girl was leading her unresisting captive by the
arm while her three confederates trailed along behind. In her
other hand, held flat against her leg, was the cattle prod.
Needless to say, Jennifer had been well behaved on the trip over
from Bakersville. The four girls had taken turns getting their
pussies eaten out in the back of the car.
     "Signed, sealed and delivered." The short blonde girl gave a
shove, sending Jennifer stumbling forward. She was dressed in her
by now usual slutware: tight black skirt, thin top, four inch
heels and overdone makeup.
      She looked frightened.
     Perfect.
     "Good," Kim Loo said, emotionless as ever. "We will take her
from here." She gestured to another girl who had just entered the
club. "Sue," she ordered. "This is the new girl. Jennie. Show her
around and get her ready." Sue, a statuesque blonde girl,
gestured for Jennifer to follow, but before Jennifer could obey,
Kim grabbed her tightly by her teased-up black hair and jerked
her face around.
     "What do you say?" the oriental woman asked, voice calm.
     Jennifer trembled for a moment, but then realized what was
required of her. "T-thank you Ms Loo," she answered, still in the
low, sexy voice the girls had forced on her. The trainer nodded
in satisfaction and released Jennifer's hair. Sue, smirking,
walked away and Jennifer followed. Kim was pleased to note that
the girl swung her hips widely back and forth in a sexy manner as
she walked. These girls had done some good work. Nevertheless...
     "Is there anything more?" she asked, turning back to Tammy.
     "Uhmm..." The blonde girl seemed momentarily at a loss.
"The... uh, money..."
     "You will pick her up on Sunday morning and return her on
Tuesday morning," Kim stated evenly. "That was the deal. Her
earnings each week will be waiting with her on Sunday. In cash."
     Tammy nodded. "Fine," she said, backing away. "But you don't
mind if we drop by just to... watch." Tammy blushed slightly at
this last statement.
     Inwardly, Kim sneered. "You may come whenever you wish," she
answered, her tone revealing nothing of the contempt she felt for
these girls. She would like nothing better than to get control of
all of them... but, she had to be realistic.
     Jennifer was enough.
     For now.

     As it happened, Susan Jacobs actually knew Jennifer. Not
well, but they had been classmates in their first year at BCN.
Beyond that, however, they had nothing in common. Jennifer's
family was rich, whereas Sue, a tall blonde girl with large,
bouncing tits, had come from a poor family. In fact, she had at
first drifted into exotic dancing as a way of earning extra money
to help her through school. It had been so easy in the beginning:
a stag here, an out of town convention there... everything had
gone well until she had made the mistake of working a bachelor
party at which a fellow student attended. Word quickly got
around, and before long her life at the college was made a misery
of pinches, slaps, feels, sly looks and innuendo. By the end of
her first year at BCN, she was generally regarded with contempt
by the other students, ignored and ridiculed by the girls and
treated like a whore in open season by the guys.
     She didn't return for a second year.
     The full time stripping just followed naturally afterwards.
She wouldn't return home to admit defeat. Working in hamburger
joints just didn't pay.
      So what else was there?
     Deep down, however, Sue felt a sick sort of contempt for
herself and the life she had chosen. A contempt she knew would be
shared by her friends and family back home if they were ever to
find out how low she'd sunk. The only excuse she had - the only
reason she could live with herself and what she had become - was
her family's poverty. She made the best money she could, and
every week sent some of it home to her family. And that was why,
when faced with what she believed to be a rich slut like Jennifer
who didn't have to strip for a living but instead chose to do it,
Sue quickly felt a deep and abiding hatred.
     "This is the change room," she explained roughly. "We do six
routines a night. All changes will be done here."
     The rich slut nodded.
     Bitch.
     Silently, Sue stalked down the short hallway to the stage
entrance. "This is the catwalk where you'll do the show." She
shoved open the door and walked onstage. Jennifer followed. The
catwalk was a long, thin stage with a row of footlights around
its perimeter. A shiny metal pole ran from the floor in the
centre of the stage to a slot in the ceiling.
     Sue gestured to the rest of the club. "Between routines,"
she said, "you'll be expected to 'mingle' with the customers."
     Jennifer looked puzzled. "Mingle?" she asked, in her low
sexy voice.
     Sue sneered. As if the slut didn't know. "Yeah," she grunted
in response. "Mingle. You know: be friendly."
      Jennifer started to say something else, but before she could
figure out how to articulate it in words of less than two
syllables, the other girl had started to walk away. Jennifer
tried to frown, but it came out more of a pout as a result of the
way her face was made up. Sighing prettily, she flounced after
her guide, just as she had been trained to do. The tall blonde
led her through a opening at the back of the club and into a
short hallway with a series of doors. She walked to the last one
on the left and opened it.
     "This is where you'll be sleeping during the week," she
announced. "When you're not..."

     Jennifer, looking around at the small, dingy room (really
nothing more than a large closet with a bed), stopped listening
as the other girl droned on. She felt like she was about to cry.
The clothes... the club... she had to get out of here!

     "...tonight at nine."
     Sue stopped speaking and looked over at the new girl. "Do
you understand?"
     Jennifer, interrupted from her thoughts of escape, quickly
nodded. One lesson she had learned well over the last few weeks
was that she must always to agree with whatever anybody said
about anything.
      Just smile prettily and nod.
     Sue wasn't impressed. She just grunted and left the room.
Alone for the first time in hours, Jennifer sank down onto the
bed to relieve the pressure on her feet. She had become somewhat
proficient in getting around on the high heels, but her feet
always ached.
     'I've got to get out of here,' she told herself.

                              *****

     If there was one thing Butch Haskall knew well (by no means
a certainty), it was strip joints. And strippers. Or, as he and
his friends at the meat packing plant called them, peelers. And
this new girl - Jennie Fucktoy she called herself - was one the
best. He had sat spellbound through her first two shows, bleary
eyes wide and staring under a lank of thin, greasy hair, watching
appreciatively as she strutted her stuff in front of his
appreciative eyes.
      Talk about new talent!
      This babe was loaded with it.
     He had been disappointed when she hadn't appeared out in the
club after the first show, but he hadn't given up hope. The other
girls came out, so he figured she would too. Sure enough, his
vigilance paid off soon after her second routine. There she was,
face and upper chest still covered with a faint sheen of
perspiration as she walked slowly out of the dressing room door.
      Butch was there before she had taken two steps.

     She had been surprised.
      It hadn't been nearly as bad as she had expected.
Humiliating, yes, but not as much as the strip tease she had been
forced to perform at the sorority house. Here, no one knew her.
She was anonymous. And the overdone slut makeup, so humiliating
and degrading, had acted as a kind of mask. Those laughing,
jeering men in the audience... they never really saw her. She was
just a thing, a piece of meat, fuel to light the guttering torch
of their fantasies. On stage, with the footlights creating a mere
lurching silhouette of the beer swilling crowd, she could imagine
herself above it all.
      Pure.
     Distant.
     Untouchable.
     "I'm Butch," came a gravely voice from directly in front of
her. Startled from her thoughts, Jennifer looked up to see a fat,
thick-lipped man in a dirty jean jacket and baseball cap.
     "Uhh..."
      Mingle?
     "I sure like your show," he drawled, face creased by a wide,
gap-toothed grin. "Your tits are real nice."
      "Uhmm... thanks." Jennifer fought to maintain a friendly
smile on her face. Kim had made it clear what would happen if
there were any complaints about her.
     If possible, the man's grin grew even wider.
     "Buy you a drink?" he asked.

     "Uhmm... thanks."
     Butch felt a wave of sheer lust surge through his body at
the sound of her voice. So deep and... and sexy. By god, she
sounded like she needed a good fucking right here and now. Still,
first things first.
     "Buy you a drink?" he asked.

     "I'd love that," she answered.
      Slowly, Jennifer was gaining confidence. She seemed to be in
control. This asshole was so much in lust with her he'd probably
do almost anything just to get her to sit with him.
      What a jerk. Maybe this wasn't going to be as difficult as she'd
thought.

     Kim wandered back into the club. She'd stayed to catch
Jennifer's first show - not bad for a beginner, but there had
been a few things that could be improved upon - and had then left
for dinner. She looked around the club, and her gaze immediately
fell upon the table where Jennifer sat with some fat geek in a
baseball cap.
      Oh yes!
     Try as she might, Kim was unable to keep the smile from her
lips as she approached the table. Time to tell the girl about the
other part of her job.

     Jennifer started slightly as Kim appeared beside the table.
     "Good evening," the oriental greeted Butch, "I'm the manager
of this club. Are you having a good time?"
     Butch nodded his head rapidly up and down. Was he ever!
     Kim gestured at Jennifer. "Do you like her?"
     "Yes ma'am," came the answer. "I surely do."
     "Well... she's quite the little slut," Kim said, in a normal
tone of voice. "Aren't you dear?"

     Jennifer swallowed and fought down a cold wave of fear. "Yes
Ms Loo," she answered, "I am a... a slut." Kim just stared in
silence. Jennifer almost bolted in panic. What had she... Oh.
"Jennie," she corrected herself, overdoing the sexy voice to make
up for her lapse, "is a slut. A hot little s-slut." Sick to her
stomach, she looked over at Butch who was staring at her with his
mouth wide open.
     "And how would Jennie like to fuck the nice man here?" Kim
asked. Jennifer felt her heart start pounding like it was going
to burst out of her chest.
      A whore.
      She was being turned into a whore!
      She felt an intense wave of hatred at the thought of what
those girls had done to her. When she got out of here...
     No.
      "Oh yes," she answered, giggling slightly. "I'd like that a
lot."
     Kim turned to Butch. "Normally," she said, "I charge a
hundred for her. But just for tonight, you can have her for
twenty. Is that satisfactory?"
     Once again, Butch's head almost popped off from nodding so
hard. The fat man reached into the pocket of his greasy jean
jacket and pulled out a crumpled twenty dollar bill. Kim took his
money and then herded the two of them to Jennie's workroom, with
its dingy little bed.
     "Be quick now," she called after them as she closed the
door, "she had to be back onstage in fifteen minutes."

     From the catwalk where she pushed her greased and shining
tits together for the pleasure of the cheering onlookers, Sue
Jacobs saw Jennifer disappear through the door with Butch.
     'Slut,' she thought, spreading her legs and rubbing her
pussy up and down against the metal pole. Most girls didn't start
turning tricks for at least a couple of months.

     In the little bedroom, Jennifer's training once again came
in handy as Butch trailed a thin line of drool down onto her
chest while he pumped his thick, greasy cock in and out of her
pussy. She'd managed to spend a few second rubbing her clit -
while Butch watched, eyes wide - before the actual sex, so it
wasn't as painful as it might have been. Still, the bucking and
grinding... the moans of lust... the panting... the lips-
slightly-parted-tongue-poking-out look of lust as he mauled her
tits and rammed his cock in and out of her...
     It was all training.
          Kim had been certain that he wouldn't last long, and she was
not proved wrong. Within ten minutes, Butch stumbled out of the
little room and staggered off towards the bar, no doubt to do a
little bragging. Well... let him. It wasn't every day a
greaseball like him got to fuck a high class whore like Jennifer.
     Kim entered the little room to find Jennifer sobbing on the
bed. Mercilessly, she reached down and slapped the girl sternly
across the face. "You're on stage in five minutes," she stated
angrily. "Get ready."
     Flushing red, Jennifer stumbled to her feet and scampered
out of the room.

     Onstage a few minutes later, Jennifer no longer felt quite
so distant. Quite so untouchable.  She now knew that the men out
there were not just passive observers; they had the right to buy
her and use her as they wished. She was up there on stage not for
entertainment, but as an advertisement.
     She was a whore!
     And, if she there had ever been the possibility of her
somehow forgetting that fact, the loud cheer that went up when -
after she had removed her shiny g-string and was crouched with
her legs spread wide - a thin, cold trickle of sperm dribbled out
of her pussy and trickled down her leg taught her otherwise.
     She fought to hold back the tears.

     Standing beside the bar, Kim smiled at the watcher's
reaction as the glistening trail of sperm trickled out of
Jennifer's spread pussy. Between that and Butch's talking at the
bar, she had no doubt that Jennifer would turn out to be a very
busy, and profitable girl.
     And on her first night, too.

                              *****

     The interior of the club seemed dark and menacing in the
soft red glow of the exit light. Jennifer didn't mind, though.
Tonight, the darkness was her friend. After three nights in this
hellhole - three nights of being forced to parade herself onstage
like some kind of cheap slut, and then endure in apparent
enthusiasm the endless stream of cocks - Jennifer was finally
escaping. During the course of the evening, she had managed to
leave a half-chewed piece of gum (Kim now had her chewing gum
constantly; she said it enhanced the 'slut' image as well as
strengthened her jaw muscles and helped cover the 'sperm breath'
from swallowing so much cum) into the doorlatch, preventing it
from closing properly. Once out, she could go to the police
and...
     "Going somewhere?"
     Jennifer started. Who was it?
      A figure moved slowly out of the shadows.
     "Sue?" Jennifer no longer realized that she was talking in
the low, sexy voice. It had become a habit. "What..."
     Sue smiled nastily. "I saw the little manoeuvre with the
gum," she said quietly. "Figured you'd be trying to get out."
     Jennifer trembled. She knew the blonde girl hated her,
although she didn't know why. If Sue gave the alarm...
     "Now," the tall stripper continued, "I've no problem with
you leaving. In fact, I'd prefer it. But I'd like a little favour
first."
     "F-favour?"
     "Yeah." Sue stepped a little closer. "All my life I've been
treated like shit by rich bitches like you. Now the shoe's on the
other foot. You do what I say, or I'll make sure you never get
out."
     Jennifer trembled. "What do you want?"
     "Your lovely little slut's mouth and tongue," came the
answer. "In my pussy for starters... and then in my ass."
     "S-sue..." Jennifer started to whine, but the other girl was
firm.
      "That's right," Sue repeated. "The only way you get out of
here tonight is to eat me out, front and back."
     She had no choice.
     Shaking with fear, Jennifer fell to her knees in from of the
tall blonde. Sue was naked underneath her thin, cotton dressing
gown, so it was a simple matter to part the cloth and nuzzle her
mouth into the girl's already wet pussy. Within moments,
Jennifer's by now experienced tongue was hard at work, licking
and slurping busily. After her two weeks of daily pussy lapping
at the sorority, the smell and taste no longer bothered Jennifer.
She didn't like it - in fact, she hated it - but it was by no
means as repulsive as is had been the first time.
     Sue moaned as Jennifer's experienced tongue did its work.
Involuntarily, the blonde girl grasped the back of the kneeling
girl's head, and jerked her face harder and harder into her
sopping pussy. Jennifer gasped for breath, but continued licking.
The sooner Sue came, the sooner she could go.
     "Tell me how much you like it," Sue moaned.
     "Mmmmm..." By now, Jennifer was able to moan and recite her
lust without missing a lap of the tongue. "I love your pussy... I
love to suck..."
     "Bimbo voice," Sue ordered.
     Obediently, Jennifer giggled, tongue still buried deep in
the other girl's pussy. "Tastes good," she said in her high
pitched bimbo voice. "Nice pussy..."
     Sue came... and came... and came...
     Finally, just when it seemed like the orgasm would never
end, Sue shuddered one last time and opened her eyes. "Geez
Jennie," she whispered, "you know your way around a girl's
pussy."
     Jennifer blushed with shame, but it wasn't visible in the
darkness. She started to climb to her feet, but Sue grabbed her
shoulder and held her down. "Don't forget the second part," she
warned.
     Jennifer sank back to her knees, head hanging with
humiliation. Things kept getting worse. Still, it would be worth
it if she could just get out of here. Sue would end up in jail
with the rest of them.
     Oblivious to her impending incarceration, Sue turned and
shoved her bare ass into Jennifer's face. The kneeling girl tried
to pull away, but Sue reached back and grabbed two handfuls of
black hair. "Get sucking ass licker," she ordered, pulling
tightly on the other girl's hair. Jennifer moaned with pain, but
stuck her face inside Sue's ass crack and, gagging slightly,
began to lick. The smell was horrendous, but she resolutely
forced her small, pink tongue of the girl's anus and began
sucking. Almost immediately, she felt a warm, soft object slide
out towards her face.
     "Mmmmm...." She tried to pull away, to cry out, to do
anything, but it was no use. The blonde girl had her firmly by
the hair. "That's right you little Fucktoy," Sue muttered,
squeezing her ass muscles. "Eat a little shit."
     Jennifer had no choice. The soft, squishy turd was forced up
against her face, lips and finally between her half-clenched
teeth. She gagged with revulsion at the taste, but couldn't stop
it. It was either swallow or choke. Another turd came out... and
then another as she thrashed away, trying frantically to remove
her face from the other girl's ass. Sue just laughed, holding the
smaller girl's face in position until she had finished shitting.
     Finally, it was over.
      Sue released her hair, and she fell back onto the floor,
face and mouth covered with shit. Coughing and gasping, she
crawled to her knees as Sue walked slowly away, quickly
disappearing into the shadows. She wiped desperately away at the
filth with the back of her hand, but seemed to succeed only in
spreading it about her face.
     "Jennie..."
      Jennifer stopped wiping. It was Sue's voice coming from
somewhere in the darkness. "You did your part, but you know how I
told you how I would let you go?"
     Jennifer knelt in place, frozen in silent.
     The lights clicked on.
     "I lied."
     Standing around her, in what had been impenetrable darkness,
stood Kim... Lisa... Becky... Cindy... and Tammy.
      With the cattle prod. Face and hands covered with Sue's shit,
Jennifer fell back
onto the floor and began to cry.
     "Well," Tammy cooed, walking forward. "It looks like little
Jennie shit-face has a lesson to learn."
     The crying girl closed her eyes as the buzzing cattle prod -
surely set to full power - slowly descended towards her...

                              *****

     The next three months went by in a blur of dancing and
fucking; dancing and sucking; dancing... Kim had finally settled
on the bimbo voice for the daytime and the slut voice for night,
and Jennie had all but forgotten what her normal voice sounded
like. Each weekend, the girls from the sorority showed up to
collect their pussy slave take the small envelope containing her
weekly earnings. Each weekend would be spent servicing her four
mistresses in every way they wished. Sometimes, Mark and a few of
the guys would come over, and Jennifer would serve them too,
showing off her newly developed fucking skills. Jennifer never
stopped hating it - hating it with a passion - but by the end of
the first month, she was almost looking forward to the weekend
stays at the sorority house. As well as the her duties and a
stripper and whore, Sue had decided that she liked the idea of
having her own little toilet slave. Jennifer had quickly become
intimately familiar with the inside of the other girl's asshole,
all thoughts of rebellion having been crushed by the final
application of the cattle prod.
      After a while, Sue began feeling generous and started
sharing Jennifer out among the other girls at the club. Most
mornings were spent servicing the other strippers, either their
pussies or - for a few of them - their asses.
     Jennifer complained to Kim, but the oriental woman just
laughed. "Saves money on toilet paper," she said.
      And that was that.
     By the end of the three months - Jennifer had kept track by
making small cuts in the side of the cheap wooden dresser -
Jennifer was so swollen with hatred and frustration that she felt
she would burst. The only thing that kept her going was the
thought of what she would do when the three month contract was
up.

     Finally, that day arrived.
     Right on schedule, Tammy showed up as Jennifer waited
expectantly in the daytime-empty club. At Kim's insistence, she
had even done herself up special - for the last time, she vowed.
Dressed in the same tight polyester miniskirt and revealing pink
top in which she had begun her new career, she waited impatiently
to leave, her thick, red lips falling into their now habitual
pout as she chewed a thick wad of gum.
     Tammy smiled when she saw Jennifer, but didn't say anything.
Jennifer pouted back at her. 'Just wait,' she told herself.
     The pudgy blonde girl walked over to the table where Kim was
sitting. She pulled a piece of paper - the contract - from her
purse and placed it down on the surface in front of the oriental
woman. Kim didn't say anything; she just took out a pen and
signed.
      Jennifer looked on, puzzled. What were they doing?
     Tammy took the pen and then likewise signed.
      Kim briefly read the paper and then nodded. "This is in
order. We've bought out the option." With these words she handed
a thick envelope to Tammy. Tammy grinned down at her. "Should you
tell her?" she asked, "Or should I?"
     Kim shrugged. "You tell her."
     Jennifer had had enough. "Tell me what?" she burbled in an
airheaded manner. "What's going on? Jennie's finished here."
     Sue, who had just entered the room, laughed.
      "No," Tammy grinned at her. "You're not. Kim here just
bought out the option on the contract."
     "Option?" The room seemed to spin and Jennifer thought she
was going to faint. Sue walked closer and grabber her by the
elbow.
     "Yes," Tammy explained gleefully, "The three months was a
trial period. To see how they liked you." She glanced down at
Kim. "Evidently they like you a lot. They've signed you for the
full seven years."
     Seven years. Jennifer tried to move away, but Sue's grip was
iron.
     "But you won't be bored," Tammy continued. "Pussywillows is
a chain. They've got clubs all across the country. You'll get to
do all sorts of travelling." Still smiling, the pudgy blonde girl
walked slowly forward until she was standing right in front of
the horrified Jennifer. "For the next seven years," she said,
articulating slowly and carefully, "you'll be stripping and
fucking your way from one side of America to another."
     Her words finally began to sink in.
     "Noooo..."
     "Quite an opportunity, I'd say," Tammy joked.
      "Tammy," Jennifer cried, "you can't..."
     "Slut voice!" Tammy was suddenly stern. Immediately,
Jennifer's voice deepened to a sexy purr.
     "Please," she breathed hoarsely, "don't leave Jennie..."
     "Bimbo voice," Tammy said.
     "Oh... don't leave me," Jennifer begged, voice high.
     Tammy, however, ignored her pleadings. She turned and began
walking away.
     "Nooo... you can't... Please..."
     "Oh." Tammy stopped and turned. "This comes with the deal,"
she said, tossing a slender, metallic object to Kim. The oriental
woman caught it without standing.
      It was the cattle prod.
     Jennifer began to cry and scream - strangely appealing in
her new voice - but Kim just gestured to Sue to take the crying
girl backstage. Tammy's last view of Jennifer was of her well
rounded ass, tightly packed into the polyester miniskirt,
swinging back and forth as the tall blonde stripper led her,
still crying, into a back room.

     Outside, Tammy opened the door and sat down beside Lisa who
occupied the driver's seat. The twins were in the back. "Well
girls," she laughed, riffling the money from the envelope, "Time
for another pool party."

  					END
