Subject: PARKER23: Lady Jane 1/3
Date: 14 Jan 1995 04:41:26 GMT

           LADY JANE GREYSTONE'S REMARKABLE EXPERIMENT
                               1/3
                            By Parker

=================================================================

     The horseshoe clack and rattle of the fading carriage had
only just died away down the cracked cobble of Bond Street when
the carriage's recently disgorged passenger reached the large oak
door and rapped three times with the brass handle of his cane.
The door opened a few moments later, allowing a weak candle glow
of light to seep out and dissipate in the cool night fog.
     A voice: "Sir!"
     The man grimaced. "I left my keys at Windsor, I was in such
a hurry." The door opened wider and the man walked into the
entrance hall. It was a small room, with a passageway leading
straight ahead and a stairway off to the side.  "I trust
everything is in readiness," he said, standing impatiently while
the other man, a servant, removed his hat and jacket.
     "Yes sir."
     "And my friends? They've enjoyed dinner?"
     An outburst of laughter sounded from above. The servant
allowed himself a quiet smile. "I believe so, sir."
     The man nodded. "Good. I was concerned that my lateness
might have upset matters."
     The servant stared blankly.
     "Yes, well... you remember the arrangements?"
     "Sir." The servant managed to look offended without changing
his expression.
     The man nodded, a tiny smile reaching his lips. "Quite." 
     Another burst of laughter came from above. 
     "I suppose I should join them." 
     He turned away from the servant and climbed the stairs.

**

     "...and then I said to him: 'sir, my family has enjoyed
noble status for centuries. If you wish to claim monkeys in your
lineage, that is your affair. I'll thank you, sir, not to claim
such for mine.'" The speaker, Lord Richard Fleming, paused
briefly to drain his wine glass while basking in the inevitable
laughter. When the merriment died down, he resumed speaking. "I
thought he'd have a stroke, he looked so angry." Lord Fleming
dropped his voice and put on an exaggerated cockney accent. "'But
sir' he said, 'if you had taken the time to read my book...' but
I just looked at him and said 'My good man - and I use that term
under advisement - *I* do not read books written by monkeys." The
table erupted into a fresh round of laughter.
     Sir Gerald Reid entered the dining room - his dining room -
grinning at the joke. "I say, Dickon, you might have waited with
the stories. It's bad enough I missed the meal..."
     The fat Lord waved the newcomer silent, still wrapped in the
throes of his anecdote. "Then he said: 'my lord, I do not claim
any such thing. Monkeys do not write books.' Well, I looked him
up and down and answered: '*I* know one who does.'"
     Gerald Reid grinned with appreciation as another round of
laughter swept the table. Dickon had been dining out on that
story for months now, but it never failed to incite amusement.
Particularly from old Warrington. The tall, wiry clergyman was
rocking back and forth in his seat, roaring with high-pitched
laughter as tears ran down his angular face. Arch-Bishop
Warrington was one of Mr. Darwin's bitterest critics in England,
having declared the scientist's work "blasphemous" and calling
for a ban on his book 'The Origin of Species' ever since it had
been published two years ago.
     Likewise, Sir William Buckman, the head of the geology
department at Oxford, was enjoying the tale of Darwin's
discomfort. He too was an outspoken critic of the naturalist's
work. The heavily bearded academic let out a loud belch of
laughter as he finished his glass and reached for the whisky
bottle. "Well said, Dickon, well said. That man needs to be put
in his place; he should have stuck with barnacles and coral reefs
and the like." He paused for a moment as he poured himself a
generous glass. "He's made himself a laughingstock with his
ridiculous monkey theory."
     "Actually," Reid said, taking a seat at the table and
reaching for a glass, "it's a bit of a rum thing, finding you
gentleman putting your mind to this topic, as my story tonight
deals with that very subject." He reached into his jacket and
pulled out a battered, leatherbound notebook. "And about Lady
Jane Greystone."
     Buckman let out a braying laugh, dribbling whisky into his
beard. "Her? A humorous story, then?"
     "I thought she'd disappeared some time ago," Fleming
ventured, scratching his neatly trimmed grey beard. "In Africa,
or some such place."
     "Indeed she did," Reid answered. "She was heading an
expedition. With Brooke."
     "Rupert Brooke?" Buckman seemed surprised. "But I heard he
was in India now. After suffering a protracted fever."
     "Oh, he was rather ill," Reid answered. "but he's quite
recuperated now. I saw him before he left." He patted the
notebook. "He gave me this, and told me what happened."
     "In Africa?"
     Reid nodded. "And I've since... shall I say, confirmed his
information by my own sources. I can assure you, then, that the
story I'm about to tell you is completely true. Every word."
     The table fell silent for a moment.     
     "Well then," Warrington said, "perhaps you'd best get on
with it then."
     "Yes," Buckman agreed, finishing his whisky. "My interest is
piqued."
     "As is mine," agreed Fleming. "Do tell us."
     "Well," Reid said looking pleased, "I shall."

                              *****

     Annoyed, Lady Jane Greystone tossed her head and tried to
push her thick, auburn hair back over her shoulder, where it
wouldn't interfere with her writing. She normally tied back her
long hair or wore it in a tight bun, but she'd already let it
loose in preparation for bed. Now it fell in unhampered,
distracting waves as she leaned over the sputtering oil lamp that
kept the darkness from her small tent and tried to write. 
     It was hopeless. She'd been staring at her notebook for a
good fifteen minutes now, but nothing came. Not enough sleep; too
much excitement. The dizzying discoveries of last few weeks were
finally catching up with her. If she was right, and she was quite
certain that she was, she had discovered a new species of ape. Or
something. The creatures she had encountered were far more
advanced than any member of the great ape family previously
known. Although generally ape-like in appearance, the new species
exhibited traces of intelligence previously thought to be the
exclusive domain of humanity. Some of them were even constructing
and using tools!
     Unable to work or sleep, she turned back the pages and
skimmed through some earlier entries:

     "...the proto-humans [as she had termed them] exhibit
     the physical characteristics of both man and ape. They
     are exceedingly hairy, and have the same long, well
     muscled arms of the great ape family, but the facial
     features and cranial development suggest a more
     developed mental capacity.... and other physical
     characteristics suggest a cross between the two
     species; the genitals, while not as large as that of a
     homo sapian [she blushed, reading this], are much
     larger than that of the great ape..."

     Inspired, she picked up her pen, flipped to the last passage
and began to write:

     "I feel that I have found one of Mr. Darwin's
     'numberless transitional links' regarding which he
     predicted criticism. The evidence clearly shows that
     the proto-humans are a 'closely allied and
     representative species' of mankind."

                              *****

     "Oh, nonsense." Buckman shook his head and took another deep
pull on his drink. "What absolute twaddle. Shows why women
shouldn't get involved with science."
     "That may be," Fleming told him, "but we still want to hear
the story." He looked at Reid and grinned. "Nonsense as it may
be."
     Warrington nodded in agreement. "Do continue."
     Reid looked down at the notebook and resumed reading...

                              *****

     "As an experiment, we've been living among them for
     almost two weeks now. We've begun to gain a rudimentary
     understanding of their language, and they're beginning
     to accept our presence. I believe that we're well on
     our way to establishing their essential kinship with
     humanity."

     Overwhelmed by her own words, she put down the pen,
shivering as she considered the events of the last few weeks.
Quite a discovery for anyone, but for Jane Greystone, it meant
vindication. Vindication for choosing a life of science when that
field was almost exclusively the domain of men.  Vindication for
suffering the ridicule and taunts from those bastards at the
university. Vindication for the long, hard hours of study while
her childhood friends attended parties and plays and, eventually,
married. 
     Marriage.
     Sighing, she gazed blankly at the canvass side of her small,
poorly lit tent. Rupert. He was the only one who'd believed in
her, who'd stood by her. She almost imagined she could hear his
quiet breathing from where he slept, in the tent next to hers.
But of course that was impossible. 
     Rupert. And those days on board...
     No. She wouldn't think of that now. She had a job to do
here. Even if Rupert didn't understand that at present. Shaking
her head, she picked up the pen and stared down at her notebook.
There'd be plenty of time for that later. Once she'd completed
her experiments here in Africa. Once she'd proven that this new
species of great ape was, indeed, Mr. Darwin's infamous missing
"transitional link". Once she'd shown the world that she was as
good a scientist as any man. Then she would be able to...
     CRACK!
     The chattering stillness of the African night was shattered
by a gunshot. Then another... and another... Shocked from her
dreams of a triumphant return to London, the englishwoman dropped
her notebook and peered outside. The campfire was still burning,
still fighting off the shadows, but shed no light on the source
of the gunfire. Another shot rang out from the darkness
surrounding the camp. The shot was followed by shouting voices
and screams of panic and anger.
     Panting with fear, Jane grabbed her father's old Springfield
from where it had been lying just inside the entrance to her
tent. She pushed aside the flap and moved outside - pausing for a
moment as she realized that her tall, lithe body was clad in
nothing more than an oversized shirt and panties - and began to
run towards Rupert's tent. Another series of shots rang out from
the darkness surrounding the camp. Before she had covered half
the distance between the two tents, a man, nothing more than a
dark shape in the flickerlight, slammed into her, knocking her to
the ground. By the time she cleared her hair away from her face,
the man was gone. She didn't know whether it was one of her own
men or an attacker.
     Whoever they were.
     She had just clambered to her knees when another man,
silhouetted by the fire, moved into her field of view. He was
shouting orders in a native dialect. A white man! Carrying a
revolver. Jane swallowed; the only whites in her party were
herself and Rupert, and that wasn't Rupert.
     Fighting to steady her breathing, she raised the heavy rifle
to her shoulder and took aim. The man walked slowly closer, not
seeing her until her was only half a dozen yards away. She
couldn't miss. Staring down the barrel of the rifle, Jane saw the
man's eyes go wide in fear as she held her breath and pulled the
trigger...

***

     Jacques Manon staggered backward and fell on his ass. He
looked down, expecting to see his guts spilling out onto his lap,
but there was nothing. 
     No wound.
     He looked up. The gun must have misfired. The woman was
pulling at the lever, trying to dislodge the malfunctioning round
and get a new one in the chamber. 
     "Merde." 
     The frenchman pushed himself up off the ground and lunged at
her. There was a loud click as the new cartridge slipped into the
chamber. The woman swung the rifle around, but it was too late.
Jacques was already too close. He grabbed the barrel with one
hand and jerked it away while striking the woman across the face
with his other hand. She let out a cry and fell backwards onto
the ground.
     Panting, Manon got to his feet and tossed the heavy rifle
away into the bush. He walked over and picked up his revolver
from where it had fallen and went back to the woman. She glared
up at him from the ground, but didn't move. 
     Jacques smirked and then looked around the camp. It was
pretty much over. His men, all experienced hunters through many
years spent poaching, had made short work of the porters and
servants that had made up the white woman's camp. That only
left...
     "Rupert!"
     The englishwoman scrambled to her feet and began to run
towards the centre of the camp, where two of Manon's men dragged
a struggling white man into the firelight. Cursing, Manon grabbed
at her, getting a fistful of cloth and jerking her back onto her
bare ass. There was a tearing sound and the poacher caught of
glimpse of white breast as the woman tried to twist free.
     The white man renewed his efforts to break free when he saw
the woman, but one of his captors brought a pistol butt down on
the back of his head and he collapsed to the ground.
     "Rupert!" The woman started to cry.
     Manon looked at the men. 
     "<Is it done?>" he asked, mangling the native dialect.
     The black man laughed. "<Yes,>" he answered. "<The dogs have
either fled or died. They will be running all the way back to the
coast.>"
     Manon nodded. "<Search the camp,>" he ordered. "<Take
everything of value; we must be gone by first light.>"
     He turned his attention back to the englishwoman, who
crouched at his feet, glaring up at him through a curtain of
hair. He let out a low, appreciative whistle. Three days of
watching from the jungle had not conveyed to him just how
beautiful she was. She was tall for a woman, with long legs and a
lithe, athletic figure. Her hair, a rich auburn, flowed thick and
rich down to the small of her back. That much he had seen from
the distance. But up close, even in the flickering light of the
half-dead fire, she was breathtaking. The woman had fair, english
skin and a small, upturned nose over a set of full, rich lips.
Her eyes, large and grey, stared up at him from under a thick
curtain of hair as she panted - in anger? fear? - at his feet.
     The poacher had originally planned to ransom her, unharmed
and untouched, but those plans fell by the wayside as he gazed
down at her. He had been in the jungle for months; it had been a
long time since he had seen a woman and even longer since he had
seen a white woman.
     And he had never, never seen a woman like this.
     He had to have her. 
     To take her.
     Now.
     Growling, the frenchman grabbed the woman by her thick hair,
pulled her to her feet and shoved her, stumbling, into the weak
firelight where she collapsed to the ground. He walked quickly
after her, his hands unfastening his belt as he walked.
     "No... oh no..." 
     The woman, her grey eyes wide, tried to scuttle away on her
hand and knees, but Jacques was too quick. He threw himself on
top of her, pinning her lithe body to the ground. Sobbing, she
tried to squirm free, but couldn't. The frenchman's rough hands
slipped under the waist of her panties and tore them away.
     "You bastard!" She began to hit him on the side of the head,
but he just ignored her. 
     His cock felt like it was going to explode. 
     It had been too long.
     Forcing her legs apart with his body weight, he manoeuvred
himself so that the engorged head of his cock was positioned
right above her unwilling pussy. With a sharp bark of lust, he
rammed himself forward, burying his cock inside of her with one
violent shove. The woman's cries turned to screeches of agony as
his massive cock filled her dry, tight pussy. 
     "Noooo..." She bucked and twisted beneath him, struggling
madly to pull her body away the impaling cock, but her movements
only served to increase his excitement. A thin line of spittle
trickled out of his open mouth and onto her face as he grabbed
her ass and began to pump his cock brutally in and out of her.  
     "Ahhh..."
     It didn't take long. Within moments, he stiffened and shot
his load into her belly. The woman stopped struggling and started
to cry as she felt his hot semen fill her pussy and dribble out
onto her ass. She lay limp as he pumped twice more and then
pulled out, leaving a thick glob of cum glistening in her curly
pubic hair.
     "Nice," he grunted. "You make a good whore." Grinning, he
leaned down and brought his lips against hers for a kiss. She
gasped and tried to turn away, but he forced his tongue into her
mouth. Their eyes were inches apart as he slowly explored the
inside of her mouth and then pulled away as she gagged beneath
him. He drew in a breath to say something, but was interrupted by
a glob of spittle right in his eye.
     She'd spat at him.
     "Bitch! English bitch." He rolled off of her and got to his
feet, wiping the spittle from his face. "I'm not good enough,
eh?" He gestured at the black men that stood, watching, from the
shadowed edge of the firelight. "Maybe black flesh is more to
your liking."
     The woman's eyes widened and she began to scream anew...

                              *****
     "I say!"
     "You mean..." Warrington looked confused. "He... raped her?"
     "Yes," Reid confirmed. "You take my meaning exactly."
     Silence...
     Buckman finished his drink and began to pour another.
     "Well?"
     "Do go on," Fleming urged, his face flushed.

                              *****

     Lady Jane Greystone twisted and writhed in her bonds, her
lithe, half-clad body glowing a deep red where the belt had
struck it and glistening with pain sweat in the weak firelight.
Her naked arms were tied at the wrist and spread apart in a Y
shape above her head by two ropes which led upwards to tree
branches. Clad only in the torn shirt that fell to just below her
waist, the englishwoman cried out in mindless pain as Manon's
belt struck her ass and lower back again and again. Her pussy and
inner thighs, clearly visible every time her torn shirt fluttered
open, glistened with rivers of half-dried cum. 
     She'd already been fucked by half a dozen of the frenchman's
men before Manon had grown bored with the sport. She had cried
and struggled madly through the first few rapes, but, after
realizing there was nothing she could do to stop it, she'd just
laid there, limp and unresisting as the black men had fucked her
body. 
     Her mind drifted, somewhere far away. 
     Somewhere pleasant.
     Manon's men hadn't seemed to mind, pumping away at her and
grunting like animals, but Manon quickly flew into a rage.
Cursing, he'd jerked the last man off of her just as he came.
She'd flinched a bit as his hot cum splattered her stomach and
face, but even that hadn't disturbed her sense of detachment. The
frenchman had shouted something at her, something that sounded
like "...not good enough... english whore should fuck like an
english whore...", but again it seemed far away. Like it was
happening to someone else. It wasn't until they tied her wrists
and strung her up under the tree that brutal reality shattered
her sense of detachment. 
     The first blow of the belt dispelled all sense of peace. 
     By the fifth blow, she'd become a tortured, screaming
animal...

                          END PART ONE

           LADY JANE GREYSTONE'S REMARKABLE EXPERIMENT
                               2/3
                            By Parker
=================================================================

     Manon paused for a moment, gasping for breath. The woman
hung limp and sopping, but he could see that she had not fainted.
Her grey eyes glistened helplessly at him from beneath auburn
hair. Grinning, the frenchman walked forward, grabbed a fistful
of that hair and jerked her face upwards.
     "Are you ready to fuck, whore?"

**

     Jane worked her tongue, trying vainly to produce enough
moisture to spit in the bastard's face. Her mouth and throat were
too dry; all screamed out. So she contented herself by whispering
three words: "Go... to... hell..."
     The poacher frowned and stepped back, the belt dangling
loose in his hand. Jane drew a shuddering breath and closed her
eyes, waiting for the impact. Her only consolation was that
Rupert wasn't awake to see this... to see her tortured - degraded
- like this. She opened her eyes and glanced over at where he
lay, securely tied and still unconscious, beside the fire.
     Rupert!

**

     Manon lowered the belt and looked over at the bound man. He
had followed her gaze and seen the look in her eyes. A smirk
crept over his face. He knew how to convince the whore...

**

     Jane felt a moment of relief when the poacher dropped the
belt, but that feeling was quickly replaced by one of panic as he
walked over to the unconscious Rupert, sliding a wicked-looking
hunting knife free of its sheath. She felt her stomach turn as he
bent over, jerked the unconscious englishman's head up by his
hair and placed the blade of the knife against the exposed
throat. The honed metal glinted in the firelight.
     She couldn't help herself. "No..." Her voice was hoarse,
rasping... "Please..."
     The poacher looked at her, his eyes a pair of dead, black
holes. "Your choice," he shrugged. "Fuck like the whore you are,
or he dies."
     The englishwoman felt her resistance seep away at those
horrible words. She could bear the physical abuse - she had no
choice - but she couldn't allow anything to happen to Rupert.
     Dear Rupert!
     He had proposed to her on the voyage from England. She had
told him "no", wanting to prove herself as a scientist before
becoming a wife, but she had always intended it to be a temporary
refusal. Rupert had been hurt at the time, but she knew it was
for the best; she would make it up to him later. But now... now
it looked like Rupert might die, without ever knowing how she
felt about him.
     She couldn't allow that.
     She wouldn't.
     "I'll do what you want."
     She went limp, hanging loosely by her wrists.
     She was broken.
     Grinning, the frenchman let go of Rupert and got to his
feet. He handed his knife to one of his men and walked over to
the hanging woman. Standing directly in front of her, he slipped
down his pants. To her dismay, she saw that his cock was hard
again, despite his having come inside her less than an hour ago.
     Bracing herself, she waited to be raped.
     The man just stood there, grinning at her. His teeth were
bad. "You don't understand," he told her. "You're the whore here;
you're going to fuck me, not the other way around." He looked
over to where his man stood over Rupert with the knife. "If I
haven't come in ten minutes - if you haven't made me come - your
man is dead." He punctuated his remark with a light slap at her
barely covered breasts. "Understand?"
     Her eyes filled with tears, Jane nodded.
     "Then get to it. Whore."
     Terrified by the threat, Jane began to move. Her arms were
still tied high above her head, so she swung her long, naked legs
around behind the man's ass and pulled him in towards her.
Grinning, the frenchman allowed himself to be pulled. Groaning
with pain and humiliation, she spread her thighs and thrust her
crotch at his stiff cock, trying desperately to capture it in her
open pussy. It kept sliding over her crotch. Her efforts became
increasingly desperate as the seconds ticked by and she was
unable to get him inside her.
     Finally, she looked up at him, grey eyes wide and tear-
filled: "Please," she whispered. "Oh, please..."
     "Whore."
     Smirking, he reached down and positioned his cockhead
against the entrance to her abused pussy. She almost groaned with
relief as she pulled with her legs and felt his cock slide deep
within her. It hurt a bit, but the friction was lessened by the
large deposits of cum left behind by the earlier rapes. She
closed her eyes for a moment, blocking out the view; the
important thing was to protect Rupert!
     "Let's go, whore." The man slapped her thigh, naked where
her shirt had ridden up her back.
     Swallowing her revulsion, Lady Jane Greystone started to
fuck the frenchman. Using her lithe, muscular legs, she humped
herself up and down on his rigid cock, careful not to let it pop
loose from her pussy. Her arms began to ache, but she kept
pumping. After a few minutes, the frenchman began to breath
heavier. He brought up his hands and began to play with her
small, firm breasts through the torn material of her shirt.
     "Faster," he ordered.
     Conscious of the passing seconds, Jane obeyed. She didn't
know how much time she had left, but it couldn't be long. Sweat
dripped from her beautiful, aristocratic face as she increased
the pace of her movement, sliding her now sopping pussy up and
down on the frenchman's pole.
     "Uh... uh..."
     His cock made loud squelching sounds as it pumped in and out
of her pussy. The poacher's men heard the sound and laughed. One
of them began to imitate the sound, and a fresh wave of laughter
overtook the group. The frenchman grinned. "Time's running out,"
he told her, nodding towards Rupert. "Tell me how much you like
it; how you liked to be fucked. I like a foul mouthed whore."
     Jane winced at his words, but the man's angry glance in
Rupert's direction convinced her to do what she was told. "I...
uh... I like it... I like to be... uh... to be f-fucked... uh...
uh..." Her moans of mock passion were interspersed with quiet
grunts her drove his cock into her. "I... uh... I... love..."
     The frenchman grimaced. "You'll have to do better than that,
you english whore." He gestured to someone standing behind the
bound englishwoman. "If your boyfriend's life isn't enough..."
     CRACK!
     "Ahhh!!!"
     The sudden sting of the belt on her naked, sweaty ass sent
the bound woman twisting and squirming in paroxysms of pain.
"No... please, I like it... I like fucking... uh... fucking
you... please... Ahh..." The belt landed again and again, sending
waves of pain through the woman's desperate, abused body. "Oh
yes... oh yesss... fuck me... ahhh..." Desperately, she redoubled
her efforts to make the poacher come, bouncing and twisting on
his cock like a madwoman. As she did so, a feeling began to grow
in her pussy.
     "That's a proper slut," he panted, his prisoner's efforts at
last having an affect. "A real whore."
     "Yes... oh, yes... I'm a proper slut... a whore..."
     CRACK!
     Her voice rose to a scream: "Ahhh... oh please... oh god, oh
god... please... uhh... please come..." All modesty forgotten,
the englishwoman bucked and writhed on the man's cock,
frantically bouncing it in and out of her aching pussy while
screaming like a lust crazed whore. "Please fuck me... uh...
uh... oh, yes... I'm a..."
     CRACK!
     "...ahhh... a slut... uh... uhh... a whore..."
     Against her will, she began to feel a spark of lust growing
in her pussy. She fought against it, shamed to her core, but was
helpless as the frenchman's cock fanned the spark into a fire.
     CRACK!
     "Ahhh... oh yes... oh yes... oh god, yes..." Her passion, at
first feigned, became increasingly real. Eyes closed, she
imagined herself in Rupert's arms... touching Rupert's chest...
his warm, blue eyes looking into her's... "Oh yes... uh... uh...
please... please... ahh..."
     "Merde!"
     It was too much for the frenchman. He gripped her thighs and
jerked her captive, writhing body into his own, ramming his cock
as far as possible up her sluttish, spasming pussy. With a loud
groan, he stiffened and came, shooting ropes of hot, white cum
into her belly. Now frantic with lust, Jane jerked her body back
and forth in his bruising grip, desperately fighting to create
enough friction to send her over the edge. But it was no use. As
soon as he finished coming, the frenchman let go of her hips and
stepped away.
     Reality struck her, driving the breath from her lungs as she
opened her eyes to see the poacher spit into the fire while he
did up his pants. Dazed, Jane hung by her wrists, staring at the
circle of black faces that surrounded her. What had happened to
her? What was that... that feeling? She choked back a sob as a
glob of warm cum trickled out of her pussy and dribbled down her
thigh.
     The frenchman grinned at her with decaying teeth. "Now, my
men," he told her. "And be a good whore."
     In seconds, the bonds on her wrists were cut and she was
flat on her back beside the fire with her legs spread. One of the
black men fell on top of her and, without delay, jammed his cock
into her sopping pussy. Confused, she lay there for a moment,
passively letting him pump his cock into her, but then the
frenchman's voice came from the darkness a few yards away:
"That's not how a whore behaves."
     She turned her head to see him crouched beside Rupert, the
knife glinting in his hand.
     Tears streamed down her face as she turned her attention to
the man lying on top of her. Choking back her shame and
revulsion, she wrapped her long legs around behind his body and
began to fuck back at him, raising her hips off the ground to
meet his frantic thrusts. The man laughed and brought his lips
down to hers.
     She closed her eyes and tried to imagine Rupert.
     "Whore."
     Bringing her arms up around behind the man's head, she
opened her mouth and tasted his tongue...

**

     Darkness.
     Pain.
     Light...
     More pain...
     Rupert Brooke slowly worked his way towards a pain-drenched
half consciousness. The jumbled recollections of the last few
moments before the pistol butt smashed the awareness from him
tumbled chaotically through his brain: lying on his cot,
thinking, as always, of Jane; the jungle going ominously silent;
the shots, the screams, feeling of helpless terror as he emerged
from his tent to see his men being slaughtered like...
     Then another shot, close by... and a scream.
     A woman's scream.
     Jane!
     Turning, running, falling... and then, finally, the guttural
laugh... the two black men grabbing him... a struggle... Jane...
and a split panic second peripheral glimpse of the pistol butt
flashing towards his temple...
     Darkness...
     Pain...
     Rupert Brooke opened his eyes.
     At first, everything was a muddled haze of colour and light
as his eyes slowly adjusted to the doomed, flickering radiance of
the fire. A group of black men were standing, watching something
going on beside the fire. He didn't recognize them. The
attackers. What were... Stifling a groan, the bound man struggled
to focus his gaze on the object of their attention.
     Jane!
     But what...
     She was lying on the ground, well within the firelit circle
of illumination. She was on her back and seemed to be naked
except for the ripped cloth of a shirt which was bunched up
around her upper body. A man was on top of her; a black man! He
was propping himself up on his elbows while moving his hips...
while he was... Brooke's mind couldn't comprehend, couldn't find
the words to express what was happening in front of his eyes.
     Jane?
     While he watched with aching eyes, the englishwoman wrapped
her sweat-glistening legs around the black man and began to hump
her crotch up against him, riding his cock like an experienced
whore. "Ohh..." She let out a quiet moan of lust as the man
increased the force of his movement. "Oh yesss... uh...
lovely..." She reached around with her naked arms and pulled the
man's face down to her own. "Mmmmm..." To the englishman's
stunned senses, the kiss seemed to last forever, and the they
finally broke apart, their tongues were clearly visible, entwined
in the dull glow of the fire.
     Jane?
     "Ohhh... ah... ah... ah..."
     The bound englishman watched, nauseated with horror as the
two lovers orgasmed simultaneously. The black man just grunted
and froze. The englishwoman let out a series of sluttish whimpers
as she bucked and writhed on his cock and then stiffened with a
loud cry, her back arching up off the ground. "Yesss..."
     Done, the man pulled his cock out and crawled away.
     Jane was given no respite. Another black man grabbed her by
her thick, auburn hair, jerked her to her knees and pulled her
down on top of him. The woman looked stunned for a moment, but
then realized what was expected of her and melted into the man's
arms. Grimacing slightly, she reached down with experienced
fingers, positioned the man's rigid cock as she wanted it, and
then slid down, slowly enveloping it in her pussy. "Ohhh... god,
yes." She paused for a moment when it was finally fully inside of
her, savouring the feeling. Then, with a quiet whimper, she began
to move her hips, sliding her pussy up and down on the man's
cockshaft.
     "Yesss... yes... fuck me...."
     Brooke felt himself - his heart - go numb as he listened to
her sluttish whining. Could this be the woman he loved? The woman
he'd asked to marry him? The woman who, the one time they had
made love, had insisted that the room be pitch black?
     "Oh yess... uh... uh... fuck me hard..."
     Just as the Brooke was certain that another word would drive
him mad, a second black man walked up in front of the moaning
englishwoman and stuck his cock in her face. She smiled. And, by
the flickering light, Brooke could plainly seen the crusty, dried
cum on her lips and chin. So it was no surprise when she reached
up with a free hand and guided the man's cock into her open
mouth. Her whimpers became obscure moans around the black flesh
of her gag, but Brooke had no difficulty identifying them for
what they were: the sounds of a bitch in heat. A whore plying her
trade. There was no fear, no innocence... only lust.
     Unable to help himself, the englishman let out a cry of
anger and despair and began to struggle in his bonds. He heard
laughter behind him, and a sudden burst of pain in the back of
his head sent him tumbling back into not-unwelcome darkness.
     Jane...

**

     She fought back the urge to vomit as yet another load of
hot, sticky cum filled her mouth, bubbled up into her nose and
over her lips and, finally, slid down her throat. She'd coughed
up a load earlier, spewing it upwards all over her face and
breasts. A flurry of blows with the belt as well as the ever-
present threat to Rupert had spurred her to greater effort. Now,
more of less numb with the seemingly endless fucking and sucking,
she swallowed it down like a professional whore, all the time
begging and whining for more.
     She had lost count of the number of men she had satisfied
with her body. Her world was a blur of firelight and shadow,
sweaty black bodies and hot, white cum. And cocks... an endless
supply of warm, sticky cocks for her to fondle and lick and kiss
and nuzzle and rub and, always, slide in and out of her loose,
sopping pussy. The squelching sound of the cocks as she bounced
and squirmed and gyrated her pussy up and down no longer
disgusted her; she was merely grateful for the lubrication. The
dark passion she'd felt earlier with the frenchman still
fluttered and flickered occasionally, but was pretty much non-
existent.
     "Ahh... oh, yesss..."
     The moans and whimpers had likewise become almost automatic.
The men seemed to like them - to require them - so she did it.
Every time a new cock slid into her, she'd squeal and let out a
deep groan, like a bitch in heat. Every time a new cock was
shoved into her face, she'd reach for it eagerly, moaning and
whimpering in mock anticipation. And, whenever she felt the cock
in her pussy start to pump cum, she'd increase the tempo of her
squealing until she herself cried out in fake ecstasy.
     It was what they wanted.
     So she did it.
     Again and...
     A commotion erupted at the other side of the camp. She was
so far lost in her daze of cocks and sperm and mock lust that she
didn't notice at first that something was happening. The
screams... the pounding of feet as men ran back and forth in and
out of the dim firelight... the cries and shouts... it wasn't
until someone actually discharged a rifle only a few yards away
from where she lay fucking that the englishwoman realized that
something was happening.
     The man who had been fucking her pulled out, his still hard
cock momentarily attached to her pussy by a long trail of cum and
sweat. He tried to scramble to his feet, but something grabbed
him by from behind and slammed his face down hard into the packed
earth. Jane let out a scream as the large, hairy shape leaned
down, twisting the man's head and neck until there was a loud
snapping sound the man ceased screaming. The hairy creature let
out a triumphant cry and melted back into the shadows.
     Shocked to awareness, Jane looked around the camp. Chaos
reigned. She couldn't see the frenchman, but his men were fleeing
in panic, shouting and screaming at the top of their lungs as
the... creatures fell upon them from the jungle shadows. In her
confused state, it took her a few moments to realize what they
were.
     Her apes.
     The subjects of her experiment.
     Her proto-humans.
     But what... what were they doing? They'd never acted like
this before. They had seemed so peaceful... so docile. Jane
stared, wide-eyed as one of her docile, peaceful creatures
wrapped its long, muscular arms around a poacher's chest and sunk
his teeth into the man's neck. The creature's victim kicked and
struggled wildly as his severed jugular spat gouts of dark blood
in a long arc into the fire, where it sizzled and spat.
Overwhelmed, she turned over and retched, coughing up mouthfuls
of cum and bile onto the packed earth. When her stomach stopped
heaving, she staggered to her feet and began to stagger towards
her tent.
     It was a mistake.
     One of the hairy figures looked up at her from where it had
been mauling a dead poacher. Growling, it dropped the broken body
and shambled over towards the frightened woman. She let out a
scream and broke into a half-run, but the creature easily closed
the distance. She tried to run, but stumbled over a body and
fell. Letting out an cry of atavistic triumph, the dark haired
half-ape caught up and stood over her. Her eyes went wide as the
animal grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her up off the
ground. It was one of the creatures she had been studying as part
of her experiment. She had spent the afternoon with him, being
with him... playing with him... communicating with...
     Communicating!
     The half-ape's teeth were inches from her bare neck when she
had gathered her wits enough to let out a high, piercing cry, a
greeting sound. The animal stopped, closed its mouth and looked
at her. Encouraged - she wasn't going to die! - she did it again.
Then again. The creature looked puzzled, but, after an eternity,
gave an answering scream and let go of her shoulder. Almost
fainting with relief, the englishwoman pulled herself up until
she stood in a hunched over position. She began making quiet
grunts and squeals, doing her best to imitate the normal vocal
sounds of the half-apes, using all the knowledge she'd gained in
two weeks of living and trying to communicate with them. It
seemed to be working. The half-ape moved back a couple of feet
and seemed to calm down a bit. The madness left its eyes.
     Still grunting, the englishwoman began to shuffle away,
moving awkwardly towards her tent. She'd covered only half the
distance when she felt the creature's heavy, long-fingered hand
on her shoulder, pushing her downward. She let out a loud squeal,
doing her best to sound like one of the half-apes, but that only
seemed to encourage it. Forced down by the pressure on her
shoulder, Jane dropped to her hands and knees, still grunting and
squealing desperately. It wasn't until the creature dropped its
weight onto her back and she felt something warm and fleshy
rubbing against her thigh that she realized what was happening.
Two hours - a lifetime - ago, she wouldn't have been capable of
interpreting the creature's actions, but her recent experiences
had given her that capacity.
     The creature was trying to fuck her.
     She let out a horrified, very human scream and tried to
scuttle away on her hands and knees. The half-ape just growled,
pinning her with its weight, and she felt hot breath on her neck
as its fangs scraped her shoulder. Jane immediately stopped
trying to escape and let out a series of squeals and grunts.
Mollified, the creature stopped growling, but stayed on top of
her. She felt its penis, larger than that of most apes, but still
smaller than a human's penis, sliding along the inside of her
thighs, leaving a warm trail of fluid. She bit her lip, trying
not to scream as the creature pumped its hips back and forth,
trying... trying...
     It finally found the right angle, and the half-ape's cock
slid easily into her sopping pussy. The englishwoman let out a
quiet grunt at the insertion, but didn't try to escape. The
important thing was to survive. The shame and humiliation were
great, but it didn't really hurt; her pussy was already slack and
swampy with spent cum, and it was better than being mauled.
Anxious to keep the half-ape calm, she continued to emit guttural
grunts and squeals. Maybe it would come quickly and leave her
alone. She gazed longingly at her tent, only a few yards distant.
     On top of her, the half-ape began to piston its cock
brutally back and forth inside of her. Jane dropped her head and
braced herself against the onslaught; how long could the creature
last? Still grunting like one of the half-apes, she closed her
eyes and tried desperately to ignore what was happening to her
body: the musky, animal smell of the creature... the feel of its
thick, matted fur through her torn shirt... the line of drool
which dripped from the creature's mouth and left a glistening
trail down her naked shoulder... its long, hard cock, sliding in
and out... in and out... in and out...
     With a start, she realized that she was pushing her ass back
against the creature's cock... fucking it back. Not satisfied,
the dark lust which had been present in her body during the
earlier rapes began to burn in her pussy. The half-ape's thrusts,
crude as they were, were having an effect. Her traitor body,
making no distinction between a man's cock and the creature's
cock, was responding.
     "Nooo..."
     A wave of horror and shame swept through her as she realized
what was happening, but she couldn't help herself. Her body was
doing what it had to do in order to survive.
     "Ahhh... ugh... ugh..." Her atavistic grunts slowly turned
to pants of lust as she pumped back harder and harder, forcing
the creature's cock as far as possible into her hungry pussy. It
just wasn't long enough! Breathing heavily, she spread her legs a
little further and fucked back against the creature as hard as
she could.

                          END PART TWO
=

           LADY JANE GREYSTONE'S REMARKABLE EXPERIMENT
                               3/3
                            By Parker

=================================================================

     Rupert Brooke awoke to a nightmare.
     Bodies littered the camp.
     Half-apes, the very creatures he had been living among and
studying with Jane, their black fur matted and sticky with gore,
shambled about like darkest Africa made flesh and bone.
     And Jane, the woman he loved, was braced on her hands and
knees, her head thrown back and eyes wild with lust as one of the
creatures brutally fucked his cock in and out of her from behind.
The female scientist was emitting high pitched squeals of lust as
the creature pounded away at her, thrusting her hips back against
it in desperate, sluttish heat. As he watched, her squeals began
to come faster and faster... matching the thrusts of her bestial
lover...
     CRACK!
     A gunshot split the night. The creatures froze in place for
a moment and then melted away into the jungle shadows. As though
they had never been.
     "Nooo..."
     The creature fucking Jane had pulled away, to the woman's
evident distress. Brooke watched, helpless with disgust and
horror, as the half-ape gathered the englishwoman under one hairy
arm and carried her off into the pitch darkness. He tried to
yell... to do something, anything, but a sudden wave of pain and
nausea pulled him down into his own darkness.

                               ***

     Silence.
     Then: "My god, man," Buckman muttered drunkenly. "You don't
expect us to believe that, do you? Preposterous!" The other two
listeners looked equally doubtful.
     Reid smiled. "Oh no," he answered. "I certainly wouldn't
expect you to believe it. Not without proof." He reached over to
the wall and pulled twice on a bell rope. "Which," he told them,
"is exactly what I've arranged."
     A set of double doors opened on the other side of the room.
     "Good lord!"
     With a quiet rumble, a large cage was wheeled into the
dining room by a group of short, dark men. The men, African
pygmies, were dressed in some sort of traditional finery,
complete with brightly coloured loincloths, flashing jewellery
and feathered headdresses. They each carried long sticks, almost
spears, and were chanting quietly as they pushed the cage towards
the stunned englishmen.
     It was, however, the contents of the cage which captured the
men's attention after the first few moments. It contained a
woman. A white woman. She was half-crouched against the back of
the enclosure, her white-knuckled hands gripping the bars, but
they could make out her features well enough.
     It was, of course, Lady Jane Greystone.
     But a much changed Lady Jane Greystone.
     Gone was the haughty manner and sharp intelligence that had
so scandalized english academia over much of the last decade.
Gone was the keen wit and sharp tongue that had dissected many a
preconception. In its place was a scared, scarred, confused
creature, huddling pathetically in its cage.
     And her appearance...
     Her face still retain much of its former aristocratic
beauty, but it had been fitted with some exotic jewellery. A
large, golden ring hung down from her nose. It was attached by
two short, slender chains to what appeared to be a pair of silver
studs fitted halfway up her tongue. As a result of this
arrangement, she was unable to pull her tongue all the way back
into her mouth. It hung out from between her lips, causing a thin
line of drool to trickle permanently down her chin. Two, smaller
rings through her lower lip completed the facial jewellery.
     And that was the least of the changes. Her long, auburn hair
had been weaved into dozens of thick strands, and those strands
were threaded through brightly coloured beads. They stuck out in
all directions, giving her a wild, unearthly look. Her ears had
been pierced numerous times, and a number of large golden hoops
dangled down and were themselves attached to long strings of bead
which trailed down her body.
     And she was naked.
     The pygmies pushed the cage into place a few yards away from
the table and stopped chanting. A few of the pygmies left the
room as Jane shifted uneasily in her cage. The men gawked in
amazement as the small bells attached to the golden rings through
her nipples tinkled merrily.
     "Gentlemen," Reid said expansively, standing and walking
over to the cage, "I give you Her Ladyship, Jane Greystone,
recently returned from a most successful expedition into Africa
to locate proof of Mr. Darwin's theory of evolution." The
creature in the cage - the woman - looked up at Reid as he spoke.
Recognition dawned in her face, but the flash of hope was quickly
wiped away as Reid turned and gestured for another cage to be
pulled into the room.
     "Oouuww... oouuwww..."
     Unable to pull her tongue into her mouth, the woman's cries
of protest were unintelligible howls. Again and again, she threw
herself against the bars of her cage, thrusting her bronzed,
naked arms out towards the men sitting at the table while her
nipple bells tinkled.
     Imploring... begging for help.
     None was forthcoming.
     The men just sat there, stunned into silence as a second,
larger cage was pulled into the room. It contained a creature
which could only have been one of the half-apes they had recently
heard described. It was a disturbing sight: certainly ape-like in
general appearance, but without the low sloping forehead and
prominent chin. And its eyes... the englishmen shifted
uncomfortably as the creature's eyes slid over them. Looking at
them. There was a strange glint of... of something.
     Intelligence?
     The half-ape turned its attention to the imprisoned
englishwoman as the two cages were fitted together and locked in
place with large clamps. With the ease of long practice, the
pygmies unfastened the interior walls and pulled out a section of
bars.
     The two cages were now one.
     "Oouuwww... ouuwww... weeethee..." Panicked, Lady Jane
continued to howl unintelligibly as the half-ape shambled towards
her. One of the pygmies shouted something at her, but she ignored
him, still clinging to the bars of her cage. The man shouted
again.    "Oouuwww... oouuwww..."
     When he saw that his words were having no effect, the small
man grabbed a long switch from one of the other pygmies and began
whipping the woman through the bars.
     "I say..." Buckman was halfway to his feet before Reid
grabbed his shoulder and pulled him back down. More than a little
intoxicated, the bearded academic fell back without a struggle.
     "I'll continue my story," Reid said, pouring his friend
another drink. The pygmy continued to whip the sobbing woman
while Reid spoke: "After Brooke told me his tale, I was
sceptical, but I began keeping my ear to the ground for any news,
any evidence whatsoever, which would support his story. I had
almost disregarded the entire tale as a feverish delusion when I
learned of a new... 'exhibit' making the rounds of certain
establishments in the south of France."
     The sobbing woman finally gave in. Letting go of the bars,
she crouched down on all fours and crawled towards the half-ape
as her breasts swayed and tinkled beneath her. While Reid spoke,
the men watched, half in horror, half in lust, as she reached
over and, still snuffling, began to stroke the creature's penis.
The half-ape growled menacingly, but she emitted a quiet squeal
and it calmed down. When its penis grew hard, she leaned forward
and took it in her mouth, careful to avoid the slender chains
which linked her nose ring to her tongue. The half-ape let out a
quiet cooing sound as the woman sucked...
     "I investigated, and quickly discovered that the exhibit
did, indeed, involve our Lady Jane. A certain Belgian, who shall
remain nameless, had discovered her quite accidentally about a
year ago. His hunting party came across a large pack of these
animals in the Congo. His men slaughtered most of them, and
captured the remainder as curiosities. To his surprise, he
discovered a white women living among them as one of them."
     After about thirty seconds of avid sucking, the englishwoman
pulled her mouth from the half-ape's now rigid cock, moaning as a
trail of spittle dribbled down onto her chest. Mortified, she
glanced over at the table, but saw no help there; no sympathy.
The men were watching with lust; nothing more. Letting out a
quiet whimper of despair, she turned around on all fours so that
she was facing the table with her ass presented to the half-ape.
Tears trickled down her face as she let out a series of high
pitched squeals and wiggled her ass. The half-ape answered them
with a low grunting sound and began pushing his groin against her
proffered ass. Grunting like an animal, the englishwoman reached
down between her legs, grasped the creature's cock and guided it
into her pussy with experienced ease.
     "His expedition was not a success, and our Belgian fell upon
hard times soon afterward. So, immediately upon reaching
Marsaillies, he sold the apes to the circus. I am reliably
informed that Jane had been most 'uncooperative' on the voyage
from Africa, so she was included in the transaction. The circus
people put her and the creatures into the care of a group of
pygmies that had been travelling with the circus, and, with a few
cosmetic changes, mostly to stop her from speaking, she quickly
became 'The Wild Woman of the Dark Continent'. By day, she was
exhibited in a freak show. By night..." He gestured at the cage.
"She put on a different kind of show."
     One of the pygmies began beating a small drum in time with
the half-ape's crude thrusts. The small Africans began to chant
and move slowly around the cage, half-dancing, half-walking in
time with the drum. The three englishmen look startled, but Reid
reassured them: "Oh, it's part of the show." The half-ape let out
a guttural cry and began to pump harder and faster. The tempo of
the dancing and chanting followed his pace, and the pygmies began
to move faster and faster.
     Inside the cage, Lady Jane Greystone's aristocratic face was
flushed red and glistening with sweat as she fucked her ass back
against the creature. A thin line of spittle drooled out of her
open mouth down to the cage floor as she braced herself with one
hand against the bars of the cage and used the other to stimulate
herself, first by rubbing and scratching her naked breasts and
then sliding it down between her legs. All the while, she kept
screeching and squealing in the guttural tones of the half-ape,
matching him thrust for thrust as her obvious passion grew. Eyes
closed, she seemed to forget where she was - forget *who* she was
-and lose herself in lust. Her passion continued to build along
with that of her bestial lover. The pair moved increasingly
faster and the music likewise rose in volume and tempo. Finally,
the half-ape grabbed her hips, ground his crotch against her ass
and let out a wild cry of pleasure. Lady Jane frantically humped
her ass back against his hips as best she could for a few moments
and then she too let out a loud scream of pleasure, grovelling
sluttishly on the floor of the cage as she came. The pygmies, who
had stopped dancing when the half-ape stopped moving, let out
whoops and cries, laughing and celebrating as the englishwoman
twitched and spasmed in orgasm, impaled on the half-ape's cock.
     "Ahh... ahh..."
     The men were silent for a few moments, mesmerized as Lady
Jane panted and twitched in the cage,  her orgasm running its
course. The half-ape let go of her hips, and she fell, limp and
soaking to the floor of her cage. Using their long sticks, the
pygmies forced the creature into its own cage and inserted the
bars. In moments, the half-ape was being wheeled away.
     Reid looked at his friends.
     "My god..." The men were stunned. "That was..."
     "Perfect!" Lord Fleming burst out, erupting into laughter.
"Bloody perfect." Reid relaxed slightly as Buckman and Warrington
joined the fat Lord in laughter. The pygmies soon joined in, and
the whole room rang with mirth. "A perfect vocation for the
little hellcat," Lord Fleming continued, still chuckling. "She
wanted to prove that ape's could be human beings... now she's
proved that human beings, or at least women, can be apes." A
fresh wave of laughter swept the room.
     As it died down, Buckman glanced appraisingly at the caged
englishwoman. "I say, Reid," he ventured, slurring his words.
"You don't suppose that we could... I mean..."
     "But of course," Reid told him, gesturing at the pygmies.
"That's what she's here for. As of last month, that 'service'
forms part of her show."
     "Ha..." Lord Fleming got to his feet, heaving his massive
bulk out of his padded chair. "In that case, gentlemen, I'll
claim privilege of rank."
     "But of course, your Lordship," Reid laughed.
     The fat englishman got up and walked towards the cage where
the pygmies, who knew what was coming next, opened the side of
the enclosure. Inside, Lady Jane looked up with a mixture of
terror and despair in her eyes, but didn't try to pull away. She
too knew well what was going to happen. Lord Fleming came to a
halt immediately in front of her. Choking back a sob, she reached
up with a trembling hand and began to unfasten the fat Lord's
belt.
     "Well trained little monkey, isn't she?" the man bellowed.
     A tear ran down her face, but she didn't flinch. When the
man's rigid cock finally popped free, she immediately swallowed
it into her mouth between the slender chains and started running
her pierced lips up and down. Lord Fleming grabbed the side of
the cage, steadying himself as his breathing grew heavier. "I
say," he grunted, "those rings in her lips are... effective."
After a few moments, Jane pulled her mouth off his cock, turned
around and presented her rear end to him, just as she had done
for the half-ape. Letting out a groan of pleasure, the english
Lord stepped forward and sank his fat cock into the waiting
pussy. Jane gasped in pain - the man's cock was much larger than
that of the half-ape - but otherwise didn't react. Grunting with
effort, he began to piston his hips.
     Outside the cage, the pygmies began to beat their drums and
chant, just as they had when Lady Jane was being fucked by the
half-ape. Fleming looked surprised for a moment, but then
grinned. He threw back his head and let out a wild cry, imitating
that of the creature. The englishmen laughed as the pygmies
began to dance around the cage. "Well," Fleming bellowed,
slapping Jane on the ass, "let's hear it. You were loud enough
for the animal." The englishwoman groaned, but did as ordered: in
a few moments, she was grunting and squealing like a half-ape
while the english Lord, also grunting and squealing, fucked her
from behind. The three men watched from the table as Lord Fleming
rammed his cock faster and faster into the woman's pussy until,
finally, he stiffened and came.
     Without ceremony, he stepped back and stuffed his cock back
into his pants. "Capital," he chuckled, walking over to the table
and downing a full glass of whisky, "Absolutely first rate." He
looked at the other men. "Who's next?"
     Without a word, William Buckman got to his feet and strode
over to the cage. "Good man," Fleming encouraged him. The
academic stumbled drunkenly at the edge of the cage, but caught
himself on the bars. Fleming led the other two men in laughter
and applause as the caged woman reached wearily for Buckman's
pants. They called out encouragement as Buckman's penis received
the obligatory oral attention and then was plunged into the
woman's sopping pussy. "I say," Fleming laughed as the pygmies
began to dance and chant, "that does look like good fun." The
english Lord stumbled drunkenly to his feet and began to dance
with the pygmies, tentatively at first, but then with increasing
abandon. Reid couldn't stop laughing at the sight of the fat,
drunken Lord, cavorting wildly around the cage, crudely imitating
the movements of the much smaller, grinning pygmies.
     In a few moments, Buckman was done.
     Reid looked over at Arch-Bishop Warrington.
     "Why..." The clergyman looked more than a little drunk, but
had a determined glint in his eye. "I do believe I will have...
have a go..."
     "That's the spirit," Fleming called. The Lord had grabbed
the sated Buckman from where he was standing, his softening cock
still buried in Lady Jane's pussy, and had dragged him into the
dance circle. "Have at her." The Arch-Bishop staggered into the
cage and the dancing began again. Reid watched, grinning
delightedly, as Jane crawled over the service the tall clergyman
while the pygmies, joined by an enthusiastic Lord Fleming and a
drunken, stumbling William Buckman danced wildly around the cage.
The dance picked up momentum as the clergyman anxiously pumped
his bony hips against the englishwoman's naked ass. Jane kept her
eyes downward during the rape, but was obediently squealing and
grunting as she had for the others. Caught up in the spirit of
things, the clergyman began to howl madly as he plunged his penis
into the woman's pussy. The tempo increased... the drum beat and
chanting got louder and louder... and faster and faster... the
dancers spun around the cage, yelling and singing in a wild
frenzy... Warrington howled and howled... until, finally, the
clergyman let out a groan and pulled back. His cock sprung free,
sending gouts of sticky white cum all over Jane's lower back and
ass. The dancers, exhausted and sweaty, let out cries of their
own and then collapsed to the floor.
     Silence...
     Except for the quiet sobbing of the caged woman...
     "Did I mention," Reid called out a few moments later,
breaking the silence, "that she was pregnant?"
     "Really?" Fleming and Warrington looked up from where they
lay, exhausted, on the floor. "Do you mean..."
     "I do," Reid answered, grinning. "By the creature. It
happened before she began... 'associating' with the clientele."
     "Hah!" The fat Lord let out a bellow of laughter and lowered
his head to the floor. "You did say the experiment was a
success."
     Reid grinned. "I did, your Lordship. If these creatures can
procreate with human females..." He left the thought unspoken.
     Warrington frowned...

**

     "Well, gentlemen."
     The cage had been closed and wheeled out of the room. The
four englishmen, three of them still pink with sweat and
exertion, were walking down the stairs into the entrance hall.
Lord Fleming had his beefy arm around Buckman's shoulder and was
helping the drunken academic navigate the steps. Arch-Bishop
Warrington walked behind them, followed closely by Reid. "I trust
the evening's entertainment made up for my tardiness."
     "Indeed it did," Fleming answered. "More than made up, I
should say. You've been an admirable host."
     At the bottom of the stairs, the servant helped the guests
into their overcoats and then held the door open for them.
Fleming and Buckman went out first, the fat Lord calling goodbye
for the both of them.
     The aging clergyman turned as he reached the door and looked
back at his friend. "Gerald," he said, his face clenched with
worry and, perhaps, doubt. "I trust you will see to the
destruction of that woman's notebook and all evidence of her
studies. And of her current... condition."
     Reid raised his eyebrows. "Destruction?" he asked. "Whatever
for?"
     "I..." Warrington looked away. "If people were to learn of
what she found in Africa... or what has happened to her since...
well, it might support those who espouse Darwin's hateful monkey
theory. And Mr. Darwin cannot be correct. If it becomes common
knowledge that she became... pregnant with one of these
creatures..." The clergyman fell silent for a moment, shifting
uncomfortably, and then looked his friend in the eye. "People
might think the creature is human... that it has a soul... it
would undermine everything the Church stands for. It is an
animal, and animals do not have souls." He looked away anxiously.
"Human beings," he said simply, "are not animals."
     Reid nodded solemnly. "I understand. You may rest assured
that the notebook will be consigned to the flames before morning;
Lady Jane and her 'lover' will soon be on the boat back to
Africa, where the circus is booked for an extended period. You
have my word."
     The clergyman smiled briefly and then slipped outside into
the night.
     Reid couldn't help but laugh as the Arch-Bishop disappeared
from view.  The Church... souls... surely it was all a jest.
Still smiling, the englishman turned and walked swiftly up the
stairs. Maybe, he thought to himself, there was time for one more
go with that bitch Jane before she was shipped off for her next
performance.

**

     Back in the entrance hall, the servant swung the door shut
behind the final guest and threw the heavy, metal bolt. Then,
with an ease borne of long experience, he removed the glass cover
from the candle and snuffed out the light.

                             THE END

