Archive-name: Casual/parkwalk.txt
Archive-author: Electronic Erotica
Archive-title: Walk in the Park, A


I'm walking down a path in this nature preserve kind of thing.  I don't
have a backpack or anything, just a canteen at my hip and perhaps
a knife to mark my way through the trees.  Anyway, I'm just there for the
day, and I'm enjoying nature...  I find a small clearing, and go to stand
in the middle of it, drinking in the nature smells and sounds.  I
hear a bird singing, and I close my eyes to enjoy it...

Suddenly, something lands on my back.  Well, at first I thought that
something had landed, but as I turn around to look, I see that a beautiful
woman has softly placed her hand right between my shoulderblades.
No doubt my mouth falls open, for not only is she extremely beautiful,
she has also surprised the hell out of me. "I saw you walking,"
she says, softly, coyly...  "I saw you walking, and I couldn't help
myself...  I just had to follow you..."  She looks down at her feet,
and then up at me, through her eyelashes.  I think of what to say
for a moment...  it just seems that she is the most beautiful creature
I've seen anywhere.  She's got long dark blonde hair, her eyes are
green, and her lips, which are slowly working back and forth over each
other, are red.  Her pink toungue quickly darts out to grab something
invisible off of her lip (no, she's not a frog...).  Her ample
breasts, encased in her white tank top, are slowly moing up and 
down with her breath.  Her waist is slim....  no extra poundage that
I can see.  Her hips are medium-sized to large, and her legs are long
and smooth.  

     "Well...  perhaps you'd care to walk with me...?"  I finally get
the words out after what seems like an eternity of deliberation.

     So we walk for a while, occasionally sharing words, savouring nature
all the while.  Occasionally she glances up at me...  more often than
not, we make eye contact.  More often than not, she breaks away first...
but as time goes on, she gets bolder, and the gaze is held for longer
times.  She is looking more beautiful by the minute...  and soon it 
appears that we are savouring the beauty of each other more and more,
and the importance of the nature around is slowly getting less and less.

     Eventually, we get to another clearing.  Only God knows how far
we've walked together, or exactly where we are...  However, I can hear
the faint babbling of a creek.  I know I'm not all that lost.

     She moves to the center of the clearing, and stands with her back
twoards me.  I walk up to her, as softly as I can...  but it looks
like she knows I'm there, for when I get within about three feet of her,
she turns to face me.  We look into each others eyes...  for what seems 
like another eternity, we gaze.  Finally, she breaks the gaze...  she 
half-closes her eyes, and swiftly closes the distance between us.
She comes to me, and as I am about to put my arms around her, I hear
her whisper something that sounds like "I need you..."

     As the hug extends itself in time, I start to run my hands up and 
down her back.  She hold me tighter, and I give her a squeeze...  She
starts to do the same to me.  Convieniently, her tank top is outside of her
khaki shorts, so I take the invitation, and place my hands on the bare
flesh of her back.  It is smooth and cool...  I think that it is much
unlike my own must be.  I run my hands along her spine...  the groove
that it makes is well defined.  She pulls my black shirt out of
my khaki shorts, and she begins to feel my back as well.  It is heaven.

     I change to running my hands in circles.  Eventually I get to her bra,
and, after a moment's thought, I deftly undo it.  Surprisingly
enough, she doesn't pull away...  she keeps her arms around me, and
whimpers just a little bit -- almost inaudibly.   Her touch gets stronger,
more insistent...  I move away just a little bit, in order to look at her.
Everything about her says 'YES!'...  her eyes gaze soulfully into
mine, and her hands reach out to rest on my shoulders.  Then they swiftly
move to the buttons of my shirt, which they deftly undo...  she puts
her hands inside my shirt and hugs me again.  I hear a definite 'mmmmm....'
as I raise her tank top as far as it'll go.  She obligingly steps
away breifly, and allows me to whisk the garment above her shoulders
and off, onto the ground.  Her bra falls to the ground as well, and
her gorgeous breasts shake free.  I place my hands around them,
lovingly cupping them...  my jaw must be at my feet, for she whispers
"So you like them?"  I nod my head, looking at her only briefly.

     I fall to my knees, kissing and licking her breasts.  She shucks
my shirt for me, and begins to knead my shoulders.  

     After a while, I move my ministrations to her stomach.  The warmth
coming from her lower regions is palpable now; I can feel it on my face
as my tounge nudges into her bellybutton.  I move lower, I undo the top
buttons of her shorts, I undo the bottom buttons.  Her shorts fall to 
her feet (with a little help from me), and suddenly she is wearing 
nothing but bikini panties, shoes, and a necklace.  My hand reaches up
to cup her mound, and I look up...  her eyes are closed, and her
head is tilted back in ecstasy.  My hand, now moving with a will of its
own, pulls her panties down around her ankles.  Her vagina is now 
radiating heat like a heatlamp...  I knelt on the ground, looking up
at this beautiful woman.  I lowered my head, licking her, her wet
sweet on my tounge.  Palms cradling her hips, I held her, raised her
like a chalice, lips pressing tight while my tongue sought the point
that would bring her home.  She screamed in pleasure...

     As the echoes died away in the woods, I sat back on my forelegs.
She came down to meet me, a prurient smile on her lips.  She pushed
me to the side, then quickly got on top of me.  Closing her eyes,
she kissed me...  what a kiss.  Before long, her tounge found its way
into my mouth and started exploring.  Meantime, her hands were exploring
the bulge in my shorts.  Her hands seemed to have wills of their own as they
undid the button at the top of the garment, then sliding the zipper down
to the bottom if its track.  She bade me raise my hips off the ground,
so she could slide my shorts down...  Then she ran her tounge down to
the rock hard member inside my briefs.  Hungrily, she pulled them off,
freeing Mr Happy to stand on end.  She licked it like a lollypop, then
she put her mouth around it and began sucking in earnest.  Licking,
sucking...  I went out of my head.  But before I came, she moved her head
back up onto mine...  she moved her whole naked body on top of mine.
In the midst of the resulting long, deep kiss, I entered her.  She
moaned as I did, and continued moaning as I moved inside of her.

     An instant later and yet an eternity, I found release...  she did too,
several times.  We lay together, exhausted...  we must have fallen
asleep together, for the next I remember, it was getting dimmer
as the sun went down.  We quickly got up, got dressed, and began
walking back to civilisation, arms around each other.

--
