
                            HONEYMOON
                            By Parker

     WARNING: This story revolves around a non-consensual sexual
     situation. If reading about this sort of thing offends you,
     you should not read this story. You may consider yourself
     warned.

Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to reproduce and spread
this story around (unaltered, of course), but be discrete.
=================================================================

     "Aren't you going to carry me over the threshold?"
     "This isn't our home," I answered. "Just a weekend cottage."
     "Still..."
     Still.
     And so, I picked her up and carried her through the doorway,
across the threshold and into the cottage. Well, maybe cottage is
a bit misleading; really, it's more of small mansion. My parents,
however, had always referred to it as the "cottage", and who was
I, now that they had passed away, to say any different.
     "Uhmph..." I groaned as I carried my young bride down the
entrance hall.
     " Oh, stop it," she frowned, feigning anger. "I'm not so
heavy as all that." She wriggled out of my arms and put her feet
on the floor. She was right. Kate was a slender girl; not heavy
at all. "Of course," she added, grinning, "you *are* an older
man. Don't want to cause a heart attack."
     "You..."
     With a giggle, she took off down the hallway. I gave chase,
but held back a bit, aware of my dignity. Perhaps too aware; Kate
was always teasing me about being too stuffy. Well, easy for her
to say. Kate was in her early twenties, over twenty-five years
younger than myself. She was a masters student, doing her final
year in history at the university. I had met her at a fund raiser
for the university museum. One of my companies was a regular
donor. We had started talking and, well... one thing led to
another.
     And here we were.
     She let me catch up to her at the bottom of the stairs. "Old
man," she laughed as I put my arms around her and drew her to me
for a long, passionate kiss. When we finally broke apart, her
breathing was shallow. "Hmmm...," she whispered, running her
tongue along her lower lip. "Maybe not so old."
     We kissed again.

     I really can't say what she saw in me.
     As I said earlier, I'm quite a bit older than her. Not old,
exactly, but *older*. And Kate, well she was as beautiful a girl
as I'd ever met: tall, slender, elegant... there weren't enough
adjectives to do her justice. With her long, blonde hair, blue
eyes and exquisite features, she could have been a model. I think
that she could have had any man she'd wanted.
     And she chose me.

     "I have a surprise for you."
     She raised her eyebrows. "A surprise?" She gave me that
lopsided grin I'd come to know so well. "I love surprises."
     I gestured towards the stairwell. "Upstairs," I told her.
"In the spare bedroom."
     "Mmmm..." She began walking up the stairs. I followed close
behind. "I *love* surprises," she repeated.
     I must admit, I was more than a little nervous as we walked
across the landing towards the closed bedroom door. Kate was
sexually adventurous - *god*; no one knew that better than me -
but I wasn't sure whether I'd gone too far with this particular
surprise. Kate also - and once again, I knew this better than
anyone - had a vindictive streak in her. She was slow to hate,
but when she did hate... well, it ran deep.
     And so...

     "C-Carl?"
     "I believe," I said quietly, trying to sound more confident
than I was, "you know Andrea."
     For the first time since I'd met her, Kate was at a loss for
words. Maybe that's not too surprising, given the sight that
awaited her in the spare bedroom.
     It was Andrea Cross.
     Or, rather, Professor Cross.
     Of course, Kate knew her. Professor Cross was - had been - a
teacher in the english department at the university where Kate
had began her masters degree in english and history. She had been
Kate's tutor, and the single major reason why Kate had dropped
the english component of her course. For some reason, the woman
had taken it into her head to do everything she could to make
certain that Kate failed out: unbearable course load;
unreasonable schedule; impossible assignments... the works. Kate
had borne it as best she could until halfway through the spring
term before dropping the english courses. I tried to talk her out
of it. It seemed like such a waste, particularly with professor
Cross going on sabbatical the following term, but Kate, in tears,
had had enough. 'She couldn't,' she told me, eyes red, 'bear
another moment with Cross.'
     Well, maybe.

     Professor Cross - no, I really should call her Andrea, I
suppose - was in her late thirties, only six years younger than
myself, but she really didn't look it. From Kate's description, I
had expected some cranky old battleaxe, and the first time I saw
her - crying and struggling wildly as her clothing was cut away
in the back of a moving van - I had been more than a little
surprised. She was a slender woman, with small, well-formed
breasts and rich, shoulder-length auburn hair. If it hadn't been
for her face - she had one of those thin-lipped, severe faces -
she might have been beautiful.
     I had seen her a number of times in the month since she had
been taken: naked with her arms tied high above her head and her
small breasts shining with sweat, striped red with the whipping
she had just received; kneeling in front of one of Mistress
Angela's guards, heavily madeup lips wrapped around his cock
while having her naked ass caned; squat-fucking herself on a
massive dildo which had been stuck on a sawhorse, all the time
rubbing her small breasts and moaning in simulated passion that
she was a 'slut' and a 'whore' and that she needed to be
fucked... but the sight of the woman as I entered the room behind
Kate took my breath away once again.
     Mistress Angela had outdone herself.
     Andrea was on the bed, lying on her back. She was almost
naked, wearing nothing but a leather collar, nylons held up with
garters, and a pair of bright red pumps (at least six inch heels)
strapped onto her feet. Well, that's not entirely true; she did
have a thick leather strap around her middle to which her wrists
were cuffed, but I don't know if that really counts for clothing.
Her legs were spread, held apart by a spreader bar to which her
ankles were attached. I noted that Mistress Angela had cut
Andrea's hair quite short, in a spiky punk style, and dyed it a
bright red. Nice touch.
     Oh, I suppose I should mention the small, gold nipple rings
to which a pair of cheery little bells had been attached.
Mistress Angela had thought it a bit early for them, but I wanted
everything to be perfect.
     For Kate.
     Andrea looked over at us as we entered the room, but didn't
say anything. Her face, however, reddened when she recognized her
ex-student.

     "Oh my god... Carl." Kate walked slowly forward, her hands
clenched together in front of her mouth. "What have you done?"
     "Do you like the surprise?" Was it too much for her?
Nervous, I walked past my new wife and over to the side of the
bed where the bound woman waited silently. "She's perfectly
trained." I reached down and put the back of my hand to Andrea's
mouth. She flushed an even deeper red, her eyes darting between
Kate and myself, but the training held. Hesitantly at first, but
then with more enthusiasm, she extended her tongue and began to
lick my hand.
     An obedient dog.
     Kate just watched, her blue eyes wide.
     After a few moments, I extended my middle finger. Andrea
stopped licking my hand; instead, she took the finger into her
mouth and began sucking on it while making quiet moaning sounds.
I watched Kate, but I was completely unable to gauge her
reaction. Was she angry? Horrified? I couldn't tell. She just
stood there, watching.
     In for a penny, in for a pound.
     I reached down and unzipped my pants. "She's spent the last
month in training," I explained to my silent bride. "Being turned
into the perfect slut. She's now not only able, but willing to
satisfy a man or woman with any part of her body." On cue, my
penis fell away from my pants, long and hard. Andrea let out a
quiet moan and raised her head, straining her neck for a chance
to taste it. I obliged, kneeling on the side of the bed. The
bound woman twisted her upper body and took my cock in her mouth.
I reached down, grabbed a handful of red hair, and pulled her
head forward until her face was buried in my crotch. "See." I
looked over at Kate, who still had not said anything. "She's been
trained to have no gag reflex; she can take a cock almost all the
way down her throat." I looked down at the top of the professor's
head. Mistress Angela had recounted to me the countless hours of
cocksucking practice Andrea had been subjected to before she had
gained this skill.
     It had been worth it.
     I released her head and she slid her lips down my cock, all
the time sucking and working her tongue. It was exquisite.
Practice had indeed made perfect.
     Still, Kate had said nothing.
     Worried, I pulled my cock away from Andrea's mouth. A line
of drool connected us for a moment, but then fell loose across
the woman's chin. She fell back to the bed as I stood up and
replaced my cock in my pants.
     What was Kate thinking? Had I gone too far? Perhaps I had
misjudged her; I had thought that she would be delighted to see
her former tormentor brought so low, but maybe...
     "Kate?"
     Finally, she spoke. "Why," she asked quietly, "doesn't she
say anything?"
     I turned back to where Andrea lay on the bed, staring at us.
"She's been trained to keep silent," I told her. "Slaves don't
speak unless they've been given permission."
     "Slave." Kate turned that word over in mouth, trying it out;
tasting it. "Sla-a-ve."
     I stood in silence, waiting for Kate's reaction. For the
first time, I felt a wave of real fear pass through me. I didn't
want to lose Kate. I couldn't...
     She turned to me.
     Her eyes were shining.
     Tears?
     "Oh Carl," she said, her face turning into one big, lopsided
smile, "this is wonderful." I let out a loud sigh; I hadn't
realized it, but I had been holding my breath. "Can I try her
out?" She turned back to the bed. "Can I use her?"
     "Of course," I answered, smiling myself. "That's what she's
here for."
     Kate immediately reached down and pulled up her skirt,
giving me a view of her long, stocking-clad legs. She grabbed
ahold of her panties, pulled them down and slithered out of them,
letting them fall to the floor. Then she clambered up onto the
bed and swung a leg over Andrea, straddling her new slave with
her thighs. Grinning, Kate reached down and took one of Andrea's
breasts in her hand. She fondled it for a moment, paying special
attention to the ring and bell. Then she gave it a vicious pinch,
eliciting a small cry from Andrea. "Oh, you bitch," my wife
growled. She shook back her blonde hair and then shifted her body
so that her pantiles crotch was positioned over the mouth of the
bound woman. "Suck me, bitch," she ordered, grinding her crotch
downward and letting her skirt fall over Andrea's face. Andrea
must have obeyed, because Kate immediately got that dreamy look
on her face as she slowly rode up and down on the other woman's
mouth.
       My mind went back to the first time Andrea had been forced
to service another woman with her tongue. Mistress Angela had
used Cynthia, a fat black woman, to train Andrea in the art of
pussy sucking. It had been about a week into her training; Andrea
had been pretty much broken and obedient by then, but it still
took a solid caning before she would stick her tongue in her
trainer's pussy.
      I had been present for the first time, and remembered
Andrea, tears streaming down her cheeks, nuzzling her face
between the black woman's heavy thighs, sucking and licking for
all she was worth. All the while keeping her reddened ass stuck
out for the cane in case her black mistress detected a lack of
enthusiasm. Cynthia had come, after a while, but had been far
from satisfied with her student's performance. She had given
Andrea a stern lecture and then forced the university professor
to do it all over again, all the time calling out instructions,
orders and threats.
     I'd left soon after. According to Angela, it had taken
almost two weeks of pussy and ass sucking, and, ultimately,
toilet duties, before Cynthia had grudgingly admitted that Andrea
had developed any facility at satisfying another woman.

     That long hours of hard work had clearly paid off, as my
lovely bride's cries and moans demonstrated. Professor Cross
clearly knew her way around a pussy. Kate was now bucking up and
down, riding her ex-teacher's face like it was a bucking horse.
     Excited, I walked forward and ran my hands along the inside
of Andrea's thighs. Andrea's legs were held apart by a spreader
bar, and her pussy was clearly visible. It was, of course,
completely devoid of hair. On Mistress Angela's recommendation, I
had ordered that she be shaved, both in front and in back, and
then subjected to electrolysis. Andrea was now permanently
hairless.
     I reached down and slid a finger into her exposed pussy.
     Wet.
     I smiled. Mistress Angela had done her job well. Slave
Andrea was as helpless to control the humiliating reactions of
her own body as she was to refuse the commands of her owners. It
was perfect; her mind was still her own - she must be hating
every moment of her subjugation and slavery - but her body
couldn't help but react like a slave.
     Since she was getting so excited, I decided to help out. I
walked across the room, picked up a large banana from a bowl of
fruit and returned to the bed. Kate was about done now, bouncing
up and down on the bed as though it was a trampoline. I reached
down and slowly slid the banana into the teacher's sopping pussy.
She clenched her thighs, trying to prevent the penetration, but
was helpless to stop it. I kept pushing, and managed to get it
completely inserted, with only the tip sticking out, when Kate
came.
     I stood back and watched as my gorgeous bride bounced and
screamed on the bed, her head thrown back and long, blonde hair
flying all over the place. I'd never seen her come so hard, which
was a little disconcerting, but I resolved not to be insulted. I
had, after all, been responsible for placing this woman at her
control. It must be more than a little satisfying for her to have
control of the woman who had caused her so much anguish over the
last year or so.

     "Oh gawd, that was intense."
     Kate brushed back a lock of blonde hair from her sweaty
forehead as she pushed herself up to her knees and slid off the
bed. Andrea gasped for air as her face appeared from under Kate's
skirt. Her features were red and shiny with the younger girl's
pussy juice.
     Kate stood beside the bed, grinning down at her former
teacher and readjusting her skirt. "Carl... how did you do this?"
She turned towards me. "This bitch is supposed to be on
sabbatical."
     "That's what made it so easy," I told her. "She's supposed
to be travelling in Europe. No one expects to see her for the
next few months. It was dead easy to pick her up for... training,
I guess you'd call it." I looked into my bride's shining blue
eyes. "I know how much pain she caused you over the last year. I
wanted to give you the perfect gift."
     "Oh Carl..." Kate skipped forward and hugged me. "It *is*
perfect; there are so many things I want to do to her!" We
kissed. When she broke away, she dropped her hand to my crotch
and felt the bulge. "Oh," she giggled, "but I'm being selfish,
looking after my own needs while my husband goes unsatisfied."
She looked over at where Andrea lay on the bed. "Does she suck
cock as well as she sucks pussy?"
     I smiled, thinking of the countless hours Mistress Angela
had forced Andrea to practice her cock-sucking, first on dildos,
then men, slowly training her to deep throat. In fact, I
remembered the very first time. Andrea had to be strapped down
and fitted with an O-gag so that she wouldn't bite. The trainer
had crouched over her face and slid his huge cock into her mouth
through the gag. Andrea had moaned and thrashed about, the tears
streaming down her cheeks, but couldn't stop him from fucking her
mouth until he came, shooting ropes of sperm all over her face
and upper body.
     She had come a long way since then.
     "Oh, I think that she can manage something of that sort."
     Kate laughed.

     Within a few moments, we had Andrea kneeling on the floor.
Her bonds were unchanged; we had just pulled her down and over
the foot of the bed, so that she was kneeling with her legs
spread. The banana slid out about an inch or so, causing Kate to
laugh again.
     "You've shaved her," she noted, looking at Andrea's bare
crotch.
     Andrea's face turned red again. "It's permanent," I told
her, once again unzipping my fly. "It'll increase her resale
value."
     Kate looked puzzled at that, but didn't say anything.
Instead, she ran her long, cool fingers over my rapidly hardening
penis and then guided it into Andrea's waiting mouth. Then she
stood back and watched as her ex-teacher sucked hungrily at my
penis. I didn't use my hand to hold or help her; I just stood
there as she moved her mouth up and down on my penis, alternately
sucking and then running her tongue up and down it's length.
     Once again, the practice had paid off.
     She was a wonderful cocksucker.
     Kate just watched for a few moments, making only the
occasional comment regarding the technique displayed by her ex-
teacher. I must say, I was right about her being able to hold a
grudge.
     "You said something about 'resale value'?"
     "Yes." I fell silent for a moment as Andrea's tongue did the
most exquisite things at the base of my penis. "It costs a lot of
money to train a slave, particularly when they're not entirely...
well, willing, to be blunt." I slid my cock back and she teased
the tip with her lips. "Once they're trained," I continued,
"however, there are a lot of people willing to pay good money for
them."
     "Who? Where?"
     "Well, the middle east is always good; there's always room
in a harem for a well-trained white woman." Andrea moaned in
fear. "There are a number of establishments in Mexico - well, two
I can think of off the top of my head - that pay for new
'employees'." I looked over at Kate; her hand had dropped to her
crotch and her face had taken on that dream-like quality I knew
so well.
     She was really enjoying this.
     "And there's always South America. I understand that there
are any number of drug lords or heads of state who would enjoy a
new 'mistress'."
     Kate let out a small moan. She walked around behind where
Andrea was kneeling at my feet, threw her arms around my
shoulders and ground her crotch into the back of Andrea's head.
This forced the bound woman to take my cock all the way into the
back of her throat just as Kate brought her lips to mine for a
long passionate kiss. We kissed for a few moments, and then broke
apart, breathing heavily; Kate continued to grind her crotch
against the back of her ex-teacher's head, causing the bound
woman to slide her lips up and down on my cock in time with the
pressure. No more of that wonderful technique, but by then it
didn't really matter. And, of course, the feel of Kate against me
more than made up for any deficiency in the cock sucking
department.
     Not that Andrea wouldn't be whipped for it later.
     Of course.
     "Where else?" Kate whispered, biting my ear.
     "On the other hand, there's no need to leave the U.S.," I
answered, breathing heavily. "There are plenty of buyers
available. I understand that there's a string of men's clubs that
'purchase' strippers to whore for them at their various clubs
across the country." My thrusts became more violent as I
approached orgasm. Caught between my penis and Kate's crotch,
Andrea was helpless to do anything other than ride it out. Her
nipple bells jingled in time with our movements. "There's also a
certain 'Club' in California that's always looking for new
talent." I began to move my hips faster now, thrusting forward as
Andrea ground down. The bells jingled steadily now. Almost...
"And, of course, there are the usual bikers or pimps who would be
more than willing to take this slave off our..."
     I could hold it no longer. With a groan, I jammed my penis
down Andrea's throat and held it there as it stiffened and then
released jet after jet of sperm into her mouth. Just as I did
that, Kate let out a loud moan, and stiffened, all the while
frantically running her crotch up and down along the back of
Andrea's head.
     "Oh gawd..." My beautiful wife wrapped her long legs around
behind me and shoved hard with her crotch, pushing Andrea's face
even further down onto my penis, if that was possible. Kate
hugged me close and we engaged in a long kiss as we both orgasmed
while Andrea gagged and gasped for air.
     It seemed to last forever, but it couldn't have been more
than a minute or so before we broke apart, both of us panting
like we'd run a marathon. Kate unwrapped her legs and put them
back on the floor. We stood like that for a few moments, just
staring into each other's eyes.
     I loved that woman so much...
     I felt a continued sucking at my penis and looked down.
Andrea, red-faced with the effort of holding her breath with my
cock jammed down her throat, was still sucking at it, cleaning
it. As she had been taught.
     Kate let out a short, vicious laugh.
     "Darling," she said quietly, toying with my hair. "I know it
cost a lot of money to train her and everything, and I really
like the thought of her being sold like you said... but... but,
can we keep her? Just for a bit? We can always sell her later."
     I smiled.
     I had sort of been expecting this.
     "Of course," I answered. "She's my honeymoon present to you.
You can keep her for as long as you like. I've had the kennel
fixed up in the basement so she'll have a place to..."
     Kate cut me off with a long kiss of thanks.
     This was one purchase I wouldn't regret.
     Afterwards, I pulled my cock away and Kate stood back,
leaving Andrea kneeling on the floor, her legs spread on the bar
and hands still fastened to her waist belt. I turned to Kate to
say something, but then...
     "P-please."
     It was Andrea. I looked down sternly. She had spoken without
permission. Well, Mistress Angela had warned me that she wasn't
fully trained. The slave would, however, be punished for it
later.
     "If you have something to say," I told her, "address it to
your new mistress." I gestured towards Kate.
     Kate grinned. "What is it, sla-a-ve?" She was still enjoying
the word.
     "Please, mistress," Andrea begged in a small voice. "Please.
Can I... c-come?"
     I looked a little closer and saw that the banana that I had
inserted in her pussy was now three-quarters out and rested
partially on the floor. Andrea was trying to spread her legs
further so that she could press downward and create pressure on
her clit. She was attempting, in short, to fuck herself with the
banana.
     Kate and I both laughed.
     Here was Professor Andrea Cross, clad in leather collar and
bound on her knees with her hairless pussy exposed to the world,
small bells jingling as they hung from the nipple rings on her
naked breasts as she gasped for breath, her face shiny with pussy
juice, sweat and sperm... and was she begging to be let go? To be
released from her humiliating bondage? No; she just wanted to
come, and was trying desperately to squat fuck herself on a
banana. Mistress Angela had done a splendid job; in one month
she'd turned a university professor into a whining, crawling
slave slut.
     I'd have to make certain that there was a bonus included
with the final payment.
     Kate walked forward and ran her hand through her slave's
short, red hair. "I don't think so," she said, kneeling down so
that her face was directly opposite Andrea's. She reached down
and slid the banana back up into her ex-teacher's sopping pussy.
"I expect you to keep that banana in your cunt until I tell you
otherwise. And you don't come until I say. Do you understand?"
     Andrea whimpered, but managed to stammer out a "Yes
mistress."
     "Good." Kate smiled. She brought her hand up and began
toying with Andrea's breasts, cupping one in her hand and then
letting it fall free. The bells in Andrea's nipple rings jingled
whenever she did this. "We have lots of things to discuss about
last year," Kate said menacingly.
     "Yes mistress."
     Kate stood and turned to me. "And as for you," she grinned,
"it occurs to me that we haven't consummated our marriage yet.
And this seems like the perfect time and place."
     She patted the bed.
     I stared at her, flustered. "But... I don't think..."
     My bride just grinned. She walked up to me and gave me a
long kiss. "Don't worry," she whispered, "I'm sure you'll be 'up
for it'. Under the right conditions."
     And do you know, she was right.

                             THE END
=================================================================
As usual, all comments, suggestions etc are appreciated.
-snip--------------------------------------------------------------------

Cheers,
-- 
Thomas Baetzler, bath0011@fh-karlsruhe.de, thb@spectre.ka.sub.org

Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?         --- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"

