			THE PARTY 
				by Manservant
    
    My Mistress had first heard about the party some six weeks previous. I 
had looked forward to it with both excitement and apprehension. It was time to 
get ready. My Mistress commands me to undress then put on a pair of open 
crotch pantyhose. She then hands me some 1/8 inch nylon rope and gets on the 
bed to watch. Her command is implicit. I bind my prick. She watches and 
corrects. "Tighter," she insists. "All the way up". When I'm finished my prick 
is tightly wound from the root to just below the head. An anchor rope winds 
around the entire organ and between my legs to a rope around my waist. My hard 
prick sticks straight up. "Put these on" she commands handing me a pair of 
black leather 4 inch heels, ankle fetters connected with a 12 inch chain and a 
taffeta mini skirt and petticoat. The skirt raps around high at the waist. My 
throbbing prick makes an obvious protrusion at the front. It's so short that 
it barely covers me. I put on the heels and ankle manacles. "Turn around" I 
do. "You look delicious. Now help me dress". As she looks in the mirror she 
directs me to select the clothes she will wear tonight and help with her 
makeup and hair. When we're finished she looks elegant but not out of the 
ordinarily in long skirt and white silk blouse and pearls. Her belt however is 
unusual. I hadn't seen before; very wide which nicely shows off her tiny 
waist. She is beautiful. She tells me I must drive. I do so carefully. I don't 
want to explain this to the cops. 
    When we get to the house my Mistress orders me out of the car to finish 
dressing me. She directs me over to a tree and commands me to remove my skirt 
and hands me my corset. I put it on and at her direction reach overhead to 
grab a branch. It is dark out and I hear some of the guests going inside. My 
Mistress tells me to exhale as she tightly cinches the laces of my corset from 
behind. The corset extends from just above my prick to just below my armpits. 
She laces from the waist to the the top and bottom three times. I am dizzy 
from breathing. She stands admiring my form before she allows me to release 
the branch and put on the miniskirt again over the corset which wraps now much 
tighter around the waist. Next she has me kneel in front of her after I have 
caught my breath. She shows me the gag. A strap around the head securely holds 
the mouth piece between the teeth and the tongue. From this a smaller strap 
circles under the chin to anchor it to the lower jaw. Further two leather 
straps to each side to each side of my nose connect between the eyes to a 
thicker strap which runs over the crown of the head and is connected at the 
back of the neck. I hate these because they not only secure the gag but 
obscure my vision. Secondary straps also connect from both in front and in 
back of the ears so that the gag is almost like a helmet. After the gag is in 
place my Mistress pumps a thick rubber bag which is inserted inside the mouth 
so that it completely fill the inside of my mouth. She closes the valve, 
removes the pump and laces a thinner leather mouth piece which hides from view 
the valve and mouth piece. This cover ranges from just under the nose to the 
chin. She then locks the gag in place 
    Next my Mistress applies the collar. This is a thick piece of steel 
reinforced leather up to 7 inches wide which locks my head in upright 
position. With this and the gag on I can barely move my head. I was dreading 
that arm sheath. It's like a square leather pocket with straps. First my 
Mistress has me fold my arms in back of me. I grab my arms just above my 
elbows while she slips the leather pocket around my arms. Using straps at the 
top she attaches the binder to rings at the back of the collar so that it 
won't slip down. Then she attaches the bottom to just above the waist of my 
corset. My arms are totally useless, they don't move unless my body does. 
You'd be surprised how much one uses even slight movements of the arms to 
balance. With the sheath on I have to be very careful. My ankle were still 
connected my a 12 inch chain that runs between my ankle manacles. I have 
practiced walking like this for weeks before tonight. 
    "Turn around!", she commands. My prick was about ready to explode. "Oh 
you look great." I am collared, corsetted, gagged and sheathed. I am wearing 
panty hose and 4 inch heels. My prick is bound tightly with rope through a 
small hole in the pantyhose underneath taffeta miniskirt. My Mistress kneels 
before me, lifts my skirts and circles her mouth around my aching prick. 
    "Not a sound", she commands. I obey. I'm in heaven. "Don't come". I can 
barely stand it. After a few minutes she stopped, sensing that loss of control 
was immanent. 
    She stands before me. "OK here's the moment we've been waiting for. We're 
just about ready to go in to the party. Remember your rules. Total obedience. 
Oh and one last adjustment." She pulled from her purse a four foot twist link 
chain. She shows me the tiny one inch diameter fetter at the end before 
attaching it tightly above my testicles. The weight of the the chain tugs at 
my balls. Its not really painful but I notice. The other end she connects to 
ring at the back of her belt. She turns to examine my chagrin. "Just so you 
won't go wandering off", she smiles. At that she turns and strides toward the 
door of the house with me, her slave desperately following her. She rings the 
door. "You have to be very attentive. I don't want to have be concerned with 
you so don't allow the chain to get taut but also don't touch me unless I tell 
you to. Do you understand?" I nodded as best I could with the collar on. 
    For the evening I am her shadow. She barely looks at me. In the early 
part of the evening less people are there so my Mistress is free to walk 
around. As I am hobbled with the ankle manacles and high heels following her 
is a real chore. When she stands talking with people I have to be sure no one 
tries to pass between us. With my head immobilized and the gag on its hard for 
me to see. For the most part I am able to avoid the painful tug and my 
Mistress' glare when I fail. My eyes are glued to my Mistress for any hints as 
to her next movement. Occasionally someone asks my Mistress about me. 
    "Oh yes, this is my husband. He really wanted to come, didn't you dear", 
she teases. "He still does." She lifts the front of my skirt to reveal my 
aching prick. I blush. I become concerned when the music starts and people 
start dancing. I panic when the host of the party asks my Mistress to dance 
and she says yes. As they gyrate around the dance floor I desperately try to 
keep up and second guess. But its impossible to avoid the occasional mistake 
which costs me much pain. Mercyfully the next dance is slow. However this 
provides it own torture. My Mistress begins making out with her partner as I 
must simply tag along watching her every move to avoid the pain. Our host a 
whispers the inevitable invitation into my Mistress' ear. She giggles. 
    "What about him?", he queries. "What about him" she reponds. The begin 
walking toward the staircase as I gingerly follow closely behind. Our host 
whispers something to his butler as my Mistress and he walk upstairs arm in 
arm. When we enter the bedroom our host disappears into the bathroom. For the 
first time tonight my Mistress turned around and gazes into my face. She 
follows the connecting chain with her fingers and strokes my aching prick. I 
plead with my eyes. She follows the chain back to the belt and unhooks the 
chain. 
    "You can watch, but one sound and you'll be scrubbing floors for a 
month." Leading me to edge of the bed she connects to the bed frame. As our 
host returns she's unbuttoning her blouse. 
