ize:  9634 bytes
Total Will Be:  73272 bytes
Protocol Type:  Ascii (Non-Binary)
File Selected:  PARTY.STY
(Enter) Starts, (Ctrl-X) Aborts
1>  Ian

     Kathy pulled me aside from the noise of the party, and asked me if I would
join Elaine and herself in some cocaine.  I said, "Sure,".  As we retreated
upstairs, Elaine mentioned that she did not really have enough to share with
everyone.  We shut ourselves in the spare guest bedroom, and Elaine opened the
foil onto a hand mirror.

     After exchanging snorts, we sat down on the bed as Kathy rolled a joint.
We huddled together, and I thought at first it was a conspiratorial-type thing,
since we left the party to do some private drugs.  As the coke and the grass
worked its effect, we giggled and joked, and I began to get the idea that Kathy
was getting extremely close.

     She had her thigh pressed tightly to mine, and put her arm around my back,
pressing her breast into my side as she leaned over to pass the joint to
Elaine.  Then she turned my head to face her and made the pass...an extremely
hot, wet kiss.  At first I was surprised beyond belief, but feeling reeaally
mellow from the aforementioned substances, I got into it and returned her kiss.

     Elaine giggled and said, "Kathy, you're terrible!".  Kathy looked into my
dilated pupils with utmost seriousness, and said, "Ian, I want to fuck you so
bad I can taste it," then she smirked and said, "Yeah, I'd like to taste it,
too!" and giggled at her inadvertent pun.  Her hand was working some kind of
magic on my crotch.

     Elaine began unbuttoning my shirt, and said, "Ian, you really should...
that girl hasn't had something warm inside for a loooong time now...I'd really
get off on watching," and as she grabbed at the hardon I had pushing against my
pants, "and it looks like you'd get off on doing."  I couldn't think of
anything witty to say, and Elaine continued to remove my shirt.  I looked at
Kathy, and she had her clothes off in what must have been record time.  Then
she helped Elaine get me free of mine.

     Kathy wrapped herself around me and thrust her tongue in my mouth.  I was
half amazed by this forward female, and half really digging the assault.  She
pushed me down on the bed.  I could smell her sweet heat.  She straddled my
body, gently rubbing her erect nipples across my chest.  Kathy grabbed my erect
cock behind her, and wiped the bead of come off the tip.  She placed it on my
lips, saying "this says you're ready, boy!"

     I said, "anything I could say would be redundant," then glanced at Elaine.
"How are you doing?"  Elaine had her jeans' zipper open, and was masturbating
as she leaned against the headboard.  To prove the point, she dangled her
fragrant fingers in front of my nose, and said "Just fine, Ian, when are you
two going to fuck your brains out?"

     Kathy said, "This is how it's done, girl," and thrust my cock into her
pussy.  She pumped like mad, leaning back.  I saw her bobbing breasts and a
grin a mile wide across her face.  I pinched Kathy's nipples as she grunted
with each thrust faster and faster.  This was heaven.  Elaine said, "I want a
closeup shot of this".  I opened my eyes and looked over at Elaine...she had
removed her jeans and panties, and got off the bed to move behind Kathy.

     "How primal!" giggled Elaine, "here we have a cock, a pussy, and two
assholes!"  "Just wait...mhhff...honey, you'll get yours!" said Kathy, panting
and moaning, "hey, Elaine, that tickles!"  Just then I felt Elaines fingers
exploring my balls and my asshole...the extra attention put me over the top,
and I came with stars and fanfares.  Kathy moaned and hugged me tight.

     "Kathy, that was fantastic!  I've never been raped so good, and I have to
confess I secretly wanted it"  I said as Kathy rolled over to my side.  She
leaned over and took my shrinking cock into her mouth, rolling her tongue
around.  She came back up to my eye level and said, "My popsicle tastes good,
but it's all melted!".  I said, "Yeah, well, right, but the party is NOT over."

     We looked at Elaine, who was squatting on the floor, bringing herself to
the umpteenth orgasm and quietly moaning. Kathy jumped up and grabbed Elaine's
free arm, "Let's do her, Ian.  I know this girl and her middle name is
cunnilingus."  Elaine made no objection as we pulled her onto the bed and made
an Elaine sandwich.  I kissed her deeply, and she returned hungrily.  Kathy
began licking her neck and rolling Elaine's clitoris between her fingers. Kathy
looked at me and said, "Ian, here's what we do:  we both go down on her, you
take that side".

     I smiled and nodded, and our tongues began their slow descent of Elaine's
body.  We both stopped momentarily at Elaine's breasts and sucked both of her
nipples, squeezing her between our bodies.  "Oh, YESSSSSS!" screamed Elaine.
We descended further, with Elaine thrusting her hips and pushing our heads down
further.  As we reached her pubic hair, we kissed and sucked and licked, three
sets of lips in a tangle of flesh.  Elaine shuddered and moaned as the orgasm
ran up and down her body.  "My God, that was nice!" whispered Elaine.

     Kathy and I came up to snuggle against Elaine.  "We thought you might like
it" said Kathy.  We snuggled together, feeling warm and nice, doing the various
combinations of kissing each other.  My cock, by this time, had risen for its
second coming, and pressed against Elaine's thigh.  She reached down and
grabbed it, saying, "Well, Kathy, what do we have here?".  "Looks like Ian's
cock again," replied Kathy, "how about a little cock-sucking competition, Huh?"
I quipped, "I'm Up for it!"


2> Elaine

     This was absolutely fantastic!  Kathy was so damn horny, she had enough
material for 72 hours of porn video!  I somehow knew that girl would have it in
her, so to speak...and then Ian and Kathy went down on me together...my God!
two heads really are better than one...

     And now she's going down on Ian, "I guess it's you first, honey, since
you're already there".  "First come, second come..." mumbled Ian as his eyes
rolled up.  Kathy was pretty impulsive, giving Ian's balls a cursory lick and
then getting down to moving her mouth up and down his cock rapidly.  I started
sucking at Ian's nipple...this guy is really blissing out!

     Kathy was working away, and Ian looked like he was doing OK.  I mussed her
hair and said, "Alright, Kathy, now it's my turn".  She looked at us, smiled,
and came up for air.  She grabbed Ian's face and kissed him hard, and said,
"Ian, just remember that you can come in MY mouth anytime!".

     I gave Ian a peck on the lips, and began tracing my tongue down his body.
By the time I reached his navel, his pelvis was thrusting hungrily.  I
continued lower, nibbling at his thighs.  My tongue slipped slowly from his
balls to the tip of his pearling cock.  I noticed Kathy guiding Ian's fingers
to her pleasure spots as they watched me below.

     My hand found the jar of vaseline I had left on the floor next to the bed.
I took a big gob of it and started massaging Ian's asshole as I swallowed his
cock as far as possible.  "Oh, yes, Elaine!" exclaimed Ian.  I slowly slipped
my finger into his ass as my tongue explored his cock.  My finger explored his
asshole, slipping in and out and around, as my lips nipped the top of the head
of his cock.  Ian gasped, and when I felt his spasms start, I took him entirely
in my mouth and pushed my finger as far as I could up his ass.  He moaned as he
came.  I climbed back up onto the bed and shared his chalky taste with him in a
long kiss.

     I glanced over at Kathy, who was looking kind of impatient, and said to
Ian, "Now it's your turn to be of service to womankind.  Kathy's pussy is
simply dripping in anticipation of getting some head...".  Ian smiled at Kathy,
and she grinned back at him....


3> Kathy

     Elaine must have read my mind...Ian had been absent-mindedly rubbing my
pussy as Elaine sucked him off, and now I was really hot!  Elaine had offered
Ian's services in cunnilingus, and he looked willing.  So I rolled over and
straddled his head between my thighs.  "Something sure smells good," he said as
he licked my thigh, moving closer and closer.

     His fingers began exploring my vagina, then he shoved his thumb all the
way in, grabbing my ass with his hand, as he kissed my lower set of lips fully.
Elaine had her head on my thigh for a good closeup view..."Oh GOD, Ian!  That
was nice the way you sucked it into your mouth a little!  Now lick the side...
yeahhhh..."

     Elaine smiled and got her jar of vaseline.  Then I felt the goo being
rubbed around my ass, then...something working itself into my asshole!  It felt
kinda interestingly good, but I was shocked by the anatomical impossibility,
since Ian was still doing lovely things with his tongue.

     Elaine said, "Easy does it, Kathy.  It's just one of my toys."  This was
incredible!  Elaine was fucking my up my ass with that dildo, and Ian's thumb
was filling my vagina as his lips kissed my nether lips.  The warmth was
spreading fast, and I went over the top... "mmmmmmmmmnnnnnnnnnhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!"
I leaned forward and Elaine slowly pulled the dildo out.

     I rolled off of Ian and kissed him, tasting my own smelly mucous on his
lips.  As I pulled one of my own pubic hairs out of my mouth, I saw Elaine
playing with Ian's cock, trying for another rise.  She said, "Arise, ye object
of fellation...there we go!  Now I want you to fuck me up the ass, Ian,".  And
she began rubbing his cock with vaseline in an extremely teasing manner...


Transfer Successfully Completed.  (240 cps avg.)

(46 min. left) ADULT Conference Command? 