Archive-name: 3plus/part_two.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Fantise2 Part_Two


Boy was I tired, I had swore that I would never stay out all night again
in my life.  I could not get those two off of my mind.  They had fulfilled
fantasy to the fullest.  I went back to my room and shwoered and met the 
day head on.  I spent most of my day with a hard_on.  At the end of the day
I drove back to the hotel and showered again.  After putting on some more 
appropriate evening clothes I picked up the phone to call and my hands 
trembled.  The phone rang three times and Joyce the blonde answered.  
Hello, I stammered.  She recognized my voice right away, OH HI she giggled
with delight.  Are you cumming over?  Marsha and I are expecting you.  We 
worked the day shift so we could spend the evenings you are in town with you
I can't believe this is happening.  REALLY I said with surprize ! You
promised so we have made plans for dinner.  Can I bring anything I asked.
Would you bring the champagne?  Sure I replied.  We hung up and I left.

I arrived with champagne in hand.  Marsha, the brunette greeted me at the 
door.  She was clad in a long forest green evening dress, with a split that 
went almost to her waist on one side.  I could not help but notice the 
four inch spike heels and the black garter belt and silk stockings she was 
was wearing underneath.  She took the bottle from me and gave me a long 
kiss hello.  Then she lead me into the table and asked me to take a seat.
Joyce came in from the kitchen wearing a slinky apricot pant suit and 
white spike heels.  Dinner was very charming,  we talked about what I 
had been up to all day.  I told them about the people I had met and 
the events of the day.  When we finished dinner we sipped the rest of the 
bottle of champagne.  The girls looked at one another and giggled.  Joyce
got up and walked over to me, I stood as she approached.  We embrassed
and she gave me a most passionate kiss!  I let my arms fall behind her 
to carress her bottom as we kissed.  I could feel the garterbelt and 
scimpy panties thru the thin material.  As we broke the kiss, I saw that 
Marsha had gone into the bedroom and was preparing our play pen.  We 
started to walk in just as she was removing her dress.  She had undone 
the clasp at her neck and walked up next to me and asked if I would unzip
her.  As I did she rasied her arms and the dress flowed down her slender 
body to the floor.  She turned facing away from me and bent over to pick
it up.  I watched as Joyce came between us and ran her hand over Marshas
shaply bottom.  Marsha continued to hang up her dress and Joyce asked me 
to unbutton her top.  She slid out of her outfit and as she did Marsha 
started to caress her breasts.  Both girls were now clad only in their
heels, stockings, panties, and garterbelt. They embrassed oneanother and fell
onto the soft bed in a deep tongue searching kiss.  Marsha pulled back and 
continued to suck on Joyces tongue.  I took a seat in a chair across
the room to watch as these two made love.  I unzipped my pants and pulled
my cock out.  I started to rub the head of my cock with saliva soaked
fingers.  I watched as niether girl knew I was even in the room anymore,
they were so involved with each other.  Marshas long brunette hair slid
across her back as she broke free from their embrass to get up on her knees
She leaned down again and continued kissing Joyce as she cupped her full
breasts.  She let her lips stay pouted and kissed her way down Joyces neck
till she reached her breasts.  Then she kissed and encircled her nipple
with her tongue.  She licked around her nipple and then after she had 
coated it in saliva she sucked it into her mouth.  Joyce started to moan
softly and reached down between her legs to rub her mound.  She pulled the 
fabric of her panties aside and parted her labia with her fingers.  She 
slid her fingers between then from the bottom of her slit to her rigid
clitoris.  Marsha was doing the same thing.  The girls separated and 
aranged themselves so each could fondle and caress the others pussy.  
Joyce started kissing Marshas thighs and massaged her legs. I was still
patiently watching and stroking my cock.  This was so beutiful, I had never
watched two girls make such tender love before.  I was very content to 
just leave them alone and watch.  Joyce kissed and then pushed her tongue
into her sopping cunt.  Marsha in turn was fingering Joyces pussy, pushing 
two fingers into her and sucking the juice from her fingers as she pulled 
them out.  As I watched and stroked I finally could not contain myself
any longer.  My cum gushed from my swollen cock and ran down my fist.
I licked it off my hand and looked up just in time to see both girls 
spasming in a thunderous orgasm.  They both plunged fingers in and out 
of each others cunt with blinding furry.  First Joyce went over the edge
she started bucking her hips in responce to Marshas finger fucking then 
she went ridgid and let out a tiny wimper.  Her mouth fell open and then
a very deep groan escaped her lips.  Marsha was next as she finished off
Joyce it was clear she would have to complete her climax on her own.  She 
reached into the bed side table drawer and produced a vibrator and 
put it work on her clitoris.  Her bottom was so wet from their lovemaking 
that she had no trouble inserting two fingers into her ass.  She 
rolled onto her back and continued rubbung the head of the vibrator
over her clit and plunged her fingers in and out of her ass.  I went over 
to her but she was right on the edge.  Joyce had recovered the took the 
verator from her hand and pushed it into her cunt.  Marsha looked up at 
me and took my cock in her mouth.  I got hard instantly,  Joyce leaned over 
and started to lick her cunt and as she did, Marsha arched her back and let
out a load moan.  She started to push her hips into Joyces face and closed 
her thighs around her head.  By this time she had lost reality, I withdrew
my cock from her mouth and stood back to watch as the waves subsided.  
After watching these two and cumming myself we were a bit tired.  I walked
into the dinning room and retrieved the champagne and the glasses.  We sipped
and the girls giggled.  

I wanted some lovin now.  I got up on the bed and the girls snuggled up 
next to me on either side.  Marsha started deep tongue kissing me like
she was doing Joyce earlier.  Joyce started massaging my body all over, she 
got out the baby oil and squirted some onto her hands then she rubbed my
back.  I was massaging Marshas breasts and tweaking her nipples.  Joyce 
worked her way around my torso and started fondling by cock.  Ohhh it felt 
so good, my cock sliding through her hands.  Marsha got up on her hands and 
knees and started to back up toward Joyce and I.  I leaned back on to some 
pillows that were proped up at the head of the bed.  Marsha nestled her 
pussy right into my face, and started a circular motion as I started to 
lick.  Meanwhile Joyce continued to manipulate my cock, and was massaging
herself at the same time.  As I looked out from between Marsha legs I could 
see Joyces fingers slipping into her cunt.  What a sight!  Both girls has 
shaved all the hair from around their labia so it wouldn't show as they 
danced in a G-string.  Those luscious pussy lips all around me was truly
a sight to behold.  I reached up and took hold of Marshas bottom and pulled
her down closer so I could get more of her pussy closer to my lips.  I lapped
very slowly from her tiny anal opening all the way to her clitois.  I would 
then bite very lightly on her clit and roll it between my teeth.  Then I 
would start at her bottom again.  Every so often I would slip my tongue into
her hole and she would wiggle as I did it.  Then our pace picked up.  Marsha
bottom was rising and falling in rythem to Joyce going up and down on my 
cock.  Then Joyce turned around to face Marsha and inserted my cock in 
her cum soaked pussy.  It was soooo warm I thought she had me in her mouth
and was breathing hot air on my cock.  But the slippery sensation of her
cunt walls closing around my cock was unmistakable.  As Joyce rode my 
swollen rod, the girls were tongue kissing again.  Joyces rythem picked up
soon she was slamming her bottom against my legs so hard I thought she 
would push my cock right up through her stomach.  I was about at my limit
when I heard Marsha and Joyce GASP.  OHHHHH!, Ummmmmm the cry went up.
I started to cum just as they did.  Joyce hopped off of my fuck stick and 
as she did a stream of my hot cum gushed from her open cunt.  Marsha leaned 
over to lap it up then both girls turned to snuggle right up next to me
Their lips met right next to mine and we met in a three way kiss.  First 
I sucked Joyces tongue into my mouth then Marshas.  After that the girls just
stayed snuggled right next to me and we fell asleep in each others arms.

--
