(c) Copyright 1997 No Spam Dave.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.





                     "The Part Time Daddy"
                        by No Spam Dave

Prologue: this is my first attempt at erotic storytelling. I am mostly know for stifling flamers and spammers, my favorite (well, second favorite) past-time This story starts out rather slow, so have patience- the best things in life come to those who wait. If I was to write about how a man just befriended a girl and then had sex by the second paragraph, then it would be a story about rape, which is something I would never support or write about. I don't necessarily support all the material in this story, it's just fantasy. However some of the story is true, just spiced up a lot and abridged. A disclaimer- I have never had sex with a minor, perhaps done a few things I shouldn't have, but in the end, my brain won out.
- No Spam Dave


                         Introduction:
     I had moved into the trailer park to get away from the city. I can't stand traffic, crowds, lines or not being able to breathe fresh air.  I did not make enough money to afford a house, so I had to compromise.  I did not need any thing big anyway, since it was just me.  I never felt comfortable living with roommates, or even family for that matter. And women? Well, I could never seem to find a women I could enjoy- well at least one that could enjoy me as well.

     The only time I could ever seem to enjoy another person was when I was with children. Their enjoyment of live is unparalleled, and their perspective of the world is unique.  They never treated me like an inferior, but accepted me as a friend.  While it could take me weeks, or longer to become friends with an adult, it could take minutes to befriend a child. It was as if a child could instinctually know I loved children.

     The trailer park in question was about four miles from any stores or any sign of population, so it was a fantastic retreat. There was around 200 houses spread out in 25 acres or so, not too crowded.

     The best part about this park, of course, were the children. .Living in apartments in the city, children were an uncommon site. Mothers were terrified to let there children out with all the stories of everything that could happen. Most apartments were unofficially "singles only" anyway.
     
      In this park, it was a common site to see children out riding their bikes, or running wild all over.  Most parents were lower income, and worked long hours for little pay- so they had little time to spend with their attention-deprived kids.  This worked out to be my advantage, as it would turn out.  I typically worked the second shift, from 4 or 5 until midnight, as I was a manager of a restaurant.
      
      This put me at an advantage as far as spending time outdoors in the daylight hours. I enjoyed walking or riding my bike in the neighborhood, or just sitting outside enjoying the fresh air. It was just a matter of time when I made several friends with the natives.  Having an adult pay attention to them was a new thing for them. They would often tell me all about their family and what they liked to do. We would sometimes walk together, or ride bikes, or sometimes I would teach them a few martial arts moves, since I was a greenbelt.  One thing these kids all seemed to have in common is their low self-esteem and their extreme desire for attention.
            

 Chapter 1- introduction to Christie

     It was one very warm Saturday, that I met Christie.  I was sitting outside, playing my guitar enjoying the weather and the fresh air. A girl I have seen once or twice before, but never talked to, was riding her bike in circles on my street. She was six or seven with shoulder length blond hair and had eyebrows so blond, they were almost non-existent. Even though she looked like she was enjoying riding her bike, I could tell that there was something missing about her.  There are time when I can sense what a child is feeling, almost like an empath (like Deanna Troi on Star Trek)  She suddenly stopped her riding and was looking down at her bike.  Seeing her chain dragging on the pavement, I understood why. She went over to the curb and plopped herself down despairingly, bike abandoned.  Always a one to help out a kid in need, and being quite a bicycle mechanic, I waked over to her and offered my assistance. She seemed quite shy at first, not knowing whether she should talk to me or not. I guess she sensed in me my honest concern as she opened up to me (no-she talked to me, patience!) I brought her bike over to my driveway, and set to work.  She told me her name was Christy, and that she was six and in kindergarten. I told her I thought she looked older, since she was big for her age, and seemed pretty smart for a kindergartner. She said she was born in September, so she started school later. She said she was the biggest kid in her class, and she hated it. It made her feel stupid. She told me how her mother ran away from her father and brought her here, how her brother still lived with her father, how her cousin had just died, and how mean her mother's boyfriend was to her, and anything else I could possibly want to know about her.

Now here is one kid with problems, I thought.     It only took a few minutes to repair her bike, so we just sat and chatted a while. There we sat on the pavement, Indian-style, face to face, talking like we had always known each other.  She told me how she had no friends here, how her mother worked until 8 p.m., how her mother's boyfriend had always ignored her when he wasn't yelling at her, how she hated how she looked, especially her eyebrows, and how everyone thought she looked like a boy.  I , of course, did my best to reassure her that she was very cute and extremely intelligent for her age. This kid had a very bad self -esteem problem.  While we were talking, my line of site would occasionally shift downward. She was wearing some old shorts, one or two sizes too small, that didn't quite cover her panties.  I felt my first stirrings for her.  I guess she finally noticed my gaze, as she looked down, and made an embarrassed look, putting her hand over her crotch. 

     "Don't worry, no one saw." I assured. She looked slightly relieved, but said I saw her. I told her it was no big deal, it was just her panties, nothing to be ashamed of. She seemed to accept this and went back to the way she was. She looked at her crotch and told me how she needed new shorts, that they couldn't cover her up anymore, and how her panties even had a hole in them. With that, she pulled her shorts over just enough so I could see an eraser sized hole revealing just a tiny bit of flesh taunting my attention.  My stirrings became a hard-on as I managed to get out how I thought her panties were still pretty, especially with the hole. With that she smiled and got up suddenly and said that it was time for dinner, and that she needed to get home, and with a hug, and a thanks for fixing her bike she was off.


                  Chapter 2- the plot develops

     As the weeks passed. I saw more and more of Christie.  We got closer and closer. She would always hang around my house, talking about everything, enjoying my attention. She would often sit in my lap, and we would just sit, enjoying each others warmth.  Summer was arriving soon, so she would often come over in her one piece bathing suit to play in my sprinkler. As was the rest of her clothes, her bathing suit was at least a size too small, so it didn't leave much to my imagination.  

     She told me one day that her mother wanted to meet me before she would be allowed to come over anymore. I was pretty apprehensive about the whole ordeal, as we went to her house. Her mother, and her boyfriend, Joe, was out in the yard having a few beers. They were nothing like I imagined. Christie's mother, Ann, was sunning herself in the yard with only a bikini on, sporting a tattoo on her shoulder, and looking like she was nearly my age (I was 23).  We talked for a while as Christie sat alone, unnoticed.  Ann had a strong Alabama accent, and told me about her job in a cafeteria, and how she was glad someone was spending some time with Christie.  

     Since it was hot, and Christie and I were already dressed in swim suits, I suggested we go down to the newly opened pool at the park. Ann and Joe declined, but said that we could go on down there as long as I had her back by 5.  So we went, and I had my first taste of semi-parenting.  I almost felt like one of the parents at the pool as Christie and I jumped in. To top it off, I had the same blond hair, blue eyes, and light complexion she did, so no one assumed I wasn't her father.  It turned out that she didn't know how to swim, so she was very down on herself for being a "baby." I showed her how to swim, first by demonstrating, then by assisting her, with my hand on her stomach (occasionally wandering a bit lower).  It wasn't long before she could swim as well as everyone else.

      Our favorite game began that day which consisted of me throwing her about in the pool as high as I could. What was special about this was how I through her. I would cup my right hand over her mound while my left hand was on her back and I would throw her with my right hand. She could never get enough. Amazingly she would never complain about where my hand was, or how my fingers would occasionally slip inside her bathing suit. One sidenote: have you ever noticed that tight bathing suits always seem to slip to the side, or give "wedgies" every time a girl would get out of the water?

     Swimming soon became a weekly ritual. On memorial weekend, I was invited along with her family to the lake for a picnic. It was my duty to keep her entertained while the adults enjoyed themselves. We went to the swimming area and played our usual games, then becoming bored of that, we went to the playground for a while. She lost interest in that as she was pulling on her bathing suit and rubbing her mound. Ever attentive, I asked her what was the matter. Apparently the suit was just getting too tight on her and was making her sore.  I caught just a glimpse of her cheek as she moved over the crotch a little showing me how red it was. 

     "It sure looks sore, I better take you back to camp." I said. Back at camp, I had to sit looking unconcerned as she changed inside the tent. It was almost like I was one of the family as I ate with them, and played with Chris. No one paid any attention to her, except me of course, which just caused her to become closer to me. I was becoming a part of the family after just a few weeks, as I was invited to their house, and even out to dinner. I had stayed overnight on the couch after staying up late watching videos with Chris on my lap. I had seen her changing into her night shirt, unconcerned by my presence(she still had her panties on though) I was still longing for more, but for now, content. Summer finally arrived, so we had more of a chance to see each other.  I convinced her mother one weekend to take Chris to a popular waterpark for the day. Our first stop, however was to get her a new suit.  It is amazing how few suits you can find when it is summer. We had to go to 3 or 4 stores. 

     We finally found one, and she set out to try them on. Feeling quite out of place in the little girls department, I reluctantly waited outside the changing room. Finding a suit for her was a challenge with the small selection, and the fact that finding bottoms that fit her, usually meant that the top was too tight (I guess she was somewhat big-boned-not fat and still flat-chested though) She started to get restless and started to jump around in the changing stall/closet- whatever you call it when I caught an amazing site. As she jumped down, I caught a flash of her below the door. She wasn't wearing anything! I teased her a bit, telling her I saw her, but she just did it a few more times, each time showing a bit more. 

     Well, we got the suit, settling on one that was just right in the top, but loose in the bottoms, and we set out for the waterpark.  We played the usual games in the pool, and rode the rides-at least the ones I could get her on. I seems she had never before climbed stairs, so I had to coax her slowly to climb up. Every now and then I would get flashes of her assets as she would sit down and her suit would just sag. We got closer than ever before that day, since it was just me and her.  On the ride back home, with her sleeping in the seat next to me, I knew that we had something special.
                 

Chapter 3- the babysitter

     After that weekend, I got to talking with Christie's mother and convinced her that I should start being Cris's babysitter. I said that since I worked at night it would be perfect, and since I loved her so much, I couldn't possibly take any money. This was partially pity on my part, since I made almost as much as Ann and Joe combined.  Mostly, though, I had other things in mind.  Against the advice of Joe, she complied, and that Monday, I was to get a part-time daughter.  

     After a very restless sleep, I greeted Chris and her mother at the door at 8:30 a.m.  Chris was still half-asleep and in the tights and shirt she wore to bed, and accompanied by a bag full of clothes.  We just cuddled for a while, watching cartoons, and I fixed us some breakfast- which was a new experience for her, since her mother never ate or prepared breakfast (one of those coffee and cigarette people) I guess the food did her some good, so she started to perk up and become her usual playful self.  We played around a while, often wrestling and tickling each other. In a little while Chris decided she wanted to play a new game. She wanted to play "baby" She started talking in baby-talk and sucked her thumb and said she needed a diaper. I thought, sure, she just wanted for me to pretend to put one on her. She began to become more insistent so I looked about for something to use. I tried two different towels, but one was too big and one was too small, and to top it off, I didn't have any safety pins. I settled on a shirt which could be tied on to her over her pants. Cristie, however had something else in mind. With  still a bit of modesty left, she took of her pants and panties behind a bedsheet as I handed her the shirt.  As she held the shirt over her privates, I laid her down on the bed and began to tie up the shirt so it could make a makeshift diaper.  She was satisfied, and she began calling me daddy, and acting even more like a baby. She asked me to carry her to a mirror where she could look at herself. She asked for her "bottle" which was a plastic bottle of some kid's drink, and so I gave her a drink. I started to feel a slight warm sensation, then Cristie suddenly got off my lap and headed to the bathroom. Concerned, I followed her in to find her sitting on the throne, with the "diaper" thrown on the floor. Chris looked at me. embarrassed and said "I peed-it was an accident, I'm sorry- please don't tell my mom." I looked at her, and with a feeling of excitement rising in me, I told her that what happened at this house was between Chris and me and no one else. She would soon learn how much I loved seeing girls pee. 

     Things went pretty normal the rest of that day. Nothing more was said about the baby incident. I did notice that she would often call me daddy even though we were not playing. Joe came to pick her up at six that night, and since I did not have to work that night, I had all night to mull over what had transpired and how much trouble I could be in.   Well the next day, Chris came over at 7:30 again as if nothing happened. We went though the usual morning routine until she perked up. We did the usual wrestling and tickling and this time, jumping on the bed. She got hot, so I suggested she take her pants and shirt off, and she complied, wearing only her panties with the ever-present hole. We jumped around (with me on my knees) and we wrestled some more, with more tickling. I noticed a fresh wet spot on her panties just as she lost interest and put her pants back on, looking embarrassed.  She said she had to use the bathroom, and she wanted me to come with her. I guess she didn't want to be left alone. I sat on the rim of the tub as she casually peed in the toilet I started to leave as she was finishing, but she stopped me, yelling "not yet" as she dribbled her last drop and stood to wipe herself. "Ok, now I'm done." she said and we left. I had to fight myself from getting a hard-on, as I was just wearing some loose shorts with no underwear- it would be too obvious.  We went to "her room" which I converted to an extra bedroom with a few games, and some extra clothes I bought for her.  We played monopoly for a while, with her taking an occasional peek up my shorts which were specially picked out for their exposing nature. 

     Losing interest in that, we decided to go to the park. We went to one with lots of wood playsets and no one around.  As luck would have it, no restrooms. We played a while, until Chris announced that she had to poop.  Well I had come prepared for this possibility as I brought along a supply of toilet paper. We were in one enclosed playset when I suggested that she should just go right there.

    Well, going outside was something completely foreign to her, so she was apprehensive. I had to pee as well, so I asked her if I peed there would she? She thought about it and thought that it would be alright. A little nervous myself, I did as nature instructed trying to hide myself somewhat from her eyes.  A little exited by this, and nervous, Chris pulled her pants down and took a massive dump, hosing it down with pee.  I handed her the toilet paper, and looking ashamed, she took it and hastily wiped herself.  I said that's no way to do it, and asked her if I could do it for her. She hesitated, but gave in, so I asked her to bend over and to spread her legs a little as I gently rubbed her cute little rear clean. I felt her relax as I took my time, making sure it was clean enough. I stopped, only to be told to do it a little more. I could of sworn I heard her moan, or maybe it was me.  We had to go back home shortly after that because I had to go to work.
         

Chapter 4- the rising action (pun intended)

The next day started out the same. We decided to go swimming for awhile. The usual frolicking at the pool went on, and she openly called me daddy in front of the other people in the pool. We left after a few hours, and walked home with her on my shoulders.  We hung out outside for a few minutes when I noticed Chris was getting antsy, jumping from foot to foot. She suddenly squatted down and watered my lawn, right through her bathing suit. I joked with her about "springing a leek" and we headed back inside so she could change.  

     As we got inside, she asked if I could change her, as she switched into baby talk. Not wanting to disappoint her, I picked her up and took her into "her" room and laid her on the floor, not wanting to get the bed wet. I slowly got her top off, wanting to save the best for the last. She offered no resistance at all, just lied there like a 6 month old instead of a 6 year old. I looked at her face for a sign of her mind changing as I was rubbing her chest, working my way down to her bottoms. Finding no signs, only preoccupation, I delicately slipped her bikini bottom off, finally gazing head on into a perfect mound. My pulse at this point was at least 150 and I felt a queasiness overcome me. I continued rubbing her all over, first on her chest, then her stomach, dipping down to her legs, then thighs. I spread her legs apart a bit to get a better view- and what a view it was. Her little pink clit was poking out of her lips which were covered with a fine down of nearly invisible hairs. My hand couldn't resist it anymore, and it made its way home, and began to massage her most personal area, first lightly, tickling her just a bit. This lead in a spiraling circle downward into the heart of the storm- so to speak- until my finger was rubbing up and down her slit, with my thumb on her hardening clit. I could swear my hand felt like it was on fire, with the heat, but that couldn't stop me. 

     Finally, with my brain finally catching up with my dick -and hers catching up with her dampening pussy, we stopped and I began to dress her.  Not a word was spoken for an hour after since we were both so confused and a little frightened about what happened.  I think we both knew things were going to be different between us.

     By the next day, Chris didn't even bother knocking when she came to my house. Her mother had stopped coming with her to my house a week before, just sending her up the street to my house. Not expecting her to just walk in, I was still in bed and as I always am when I sleep, nude.  She came right into my room and woke me up.  Having only a thin sheet to cover me, I was somewhat embarrassed. She said she wanted to lie down with me. I cautioned her that I wasn't wearing anything and that she should let me put something on.  This peaked her interest, and she said she didn't mind and she sat down on the bed so I thought "what the hell" and just rolled over and tried to go back to sleep. She wouldn't have any of that. 

      She began rubbing my back saying   "Ok, time for a back rub!"

     Well, I am always in the mood for a back rub and began to enjoy it. She worked her hands lower and lower, slowly and lowering the sheet as she went. I suggested that she walk on my back to give a better massage. She loved the idea and quickly got on my back and struggled to keep from falling off.  Her feet moved up and down, and twisted around- God, this felt good. She worked her way down, and finally kicked the sheet totally off saying " that's better, now I can give you a better massage." Her feet then worked their way down to my ass, which really felt good. I could hear her breathing become faster and feel her foot slow down an d become more exploring.  Suddenly she stopped, and stated "now it's time to tickle!" and she set out to try to tickle me. Well I am not real ticklish, so she had to work at it. I would give her hints, like "lower" or "not there" She found the area by my kidneys and sought more areas until she arrived at my rear.  She ticked all around it probing deeper and struck gold (well, not kind you are thinking, that will come later) As she tickled inside my but crack and worked slowly toward my balls, I was writhing in a laughing ecstasy. Before I had too much, I decided to retaliate and begin punishment. I reached back and got a hold on her and started tickling her. 

     "Are you ticklish there?" I would ask, " or there?" and I would tickle her all over sending her into hysteria.  

      She was laughing too hard to notice my state of undress (or hardness for that matter).  I worked my hand down to her butt and mound to tickle her in her most ticklish spot saying "since you tickled me there, it is my turn to tickle you!" 

      She screamed "No! Stop! I won't tickle you any more!" 
 
    "It's no use!" I countered, as I gave her what she asked for. A yellow spot appeared on her shorts, which exited me even more. 

     "I'm going to pee!" She pleaded, laughing hysterically.  I pulled her on top of my stomach as I was sitting up in the bed and continued my torture. I heard a hiss, and the much anticipated warmth spread down my body. Getting what I wanted, I stopped, and held her against me.  We just sat that way for five minutes or so, not saying anything. She looked into my eyes with a look of shame and said "I wet my pants".

     "That's ok, baby, daddy will clean you up" I said, and I carried her to the bathroom. I peeled her pee-soaked clothes off, the scent triggering even more of a hard-on. She noticed it for the first time and looked wide-eyed at my erection. 

     "What is that?" she inquired. Apparently she never saw a penis before.  Her eyes were locked in fascination at my member as I explained simply:

     "It's just my penis. That is what a boy uses to pee with"

     Not satisfied, she asked for more details "But how come it is so big now, it was never that big before"

     "Well, sometimes it gets big when I get excited or when I feel real good."

She seemed to consider this a minute and asked if she was making me excited. I said she was indeed.  She wanted to know why (of course). So I said it was because having a girl pee on me excited me and especially seeing a girl with no clothes on.  She accepted this, and asked no more questions as I asked her to get in the shower to get washed up. 
 
     "Will you come in with me?" she asked anticipatingly.  I reluctantly (yeah right) complied and together we went in the shower taking turns soaping each other up. I would love to say that we had a hot, sensual shower scene that day, but it was all rather innocent. We just finished our shower, dried off, and went about our usual morning routine. Of course neither one of us bothered to get dressed until well into the afternoon when we decided to go swimming.
                           


Chapter 5 The plot thickens even more and almost reaches the climax

     A few days later, it was a Sunday, and Father's day at that. Christie's folks decided to go with Joe's parents on their boat. Not wanting to put up with trying to occupy Chris, they sent her to my house. We hung out at the pool most of the day. Some of the parents at the pool were saying how nice it was for a father to spend time with his daughter, especially on Father's Day. I just smiles, and agreed. 

     Unfortunately, I had to work that night, but I still hadn't heard from Chris' folks. With nothing else to do, I took her to work with me. She had already spent some time there.  Occasionally I had to go in during the day for something or other.  To Chris, it was fun hanging out at the restaurant. I just brought a bunch of activities for her to do and stuck her in the back of the store and let her do her thing.  

     It was 9 o'clock by the time I heard from her parents.  They were worn out from a long day on the lake and so I suggested that I might as well just take Chris home with me to spend the night since I would be closed in 2 hours anyway.  Besides, we would both be able to sleep in the next morning.

   They reluctantly agreed.       
     
    Immediately I started to make my plans. That was some of the longest 2 hours of my life.  Chris couldn't wait either. She did get rather tired by 10 or so, so I made her a bed out of some flour bags. 

     Finally it was time to go home. I decided I should take a shower when I got home to was the coat of oil and pizza sauce off me. As I had hoped, Chris liked that idea too, so insisted on joining me.  Our shower went slower than the last time. We took our time lathering each other up, making sure to get every nook and cranny.  Of course, we paid special attention to each others genitals as that was the area that was the dirtiest. She started off timidly at first- she had not touched my dick yet. I warned her to be gentle since it hurts when the balls are handled to roughly. She delicately massaged soap all around my cock and balls giving me an instant hard-on.  

     She looked up at me, questioningly. She said "I'm getting you excited again, aren't I?"

     I said "It feels fantastic when you rub me like that." With that, I took the soap and traded places, gently lathering her up. She got a look of pleasure on her face, and since I was bending over to reach her, she kissed me on the mouth. I removed my hand from her crotch and reciprocated her kiss, gently taking her lips in between mine, sucking on them. She caught on fast and did the same. My hands started to caress her smooth, young body.  

    I suggested we get out of the shower so we didn't waste too much water.  We toweled off, and combed our hair.  Neither one of us bothered to put our clothes back on. I said that it was time for bed.  She fussed a bit, saying she wasn't tired, but lost the argument. We laid down on the bed, but sleep was alluding us. I suggested I rub her stomach, since I could often put a kid to sleep that way.  That was a mistake. While enjoying it at first, it started to tickle her, being very ticklish. That in turn got her even more revved up.  She started to tickle me, then I tickled her more. 

     We sat up and wrestled about for a while when she demanded for the light to be turned on. We just looked at each other for a minute, taking everything in. 

     "I'm going to tickle you! " she yelled.

     "No you're not!" I countered.

     With that, we began to tickle each other everywhere, eventually getting into a wrestling match. We miscalculated the size of the bed, and both of us wound up on the floor, with her on top of me. We just sat that way for a while, with me rubbing my hands on her legs and thighs.  

     "I need to pee." She admitted.

     With a sudden rush of horniness, I conspiringly challenged "I dare you to pee on me" 
     
     "I'll get it on the carpet !" she pointed out.

     "I have an idea, you can pee on my mouth, and I'll drink it."

     "Yuck! No you won't! Besides, I'll get it all over."

     "Come on, I double-dare you, you won't make a mess."

     "OK, you sure?" she asked as she started to stand up.

     "Of course, just stand over my face... Ok, now you can sit on my hands while I hold you up. It is easier if you sit."

     "Ok, now what? Do I pee now?"

     "Not yet, when you feel my mouth, then you can. Just relax and let it come out.."

     "That tickles, I don't think I can do it."

     Her warm cunny covered my mouth. I caressed it with my lips, then probed my tongue up and down her slit. This got a few twitches out of her, as it tickled her.  
     "Oh, that feels funny!" She exclaimed. "What are you doing?"

     Taking a break from my snack, I asked "Do you want me to stop?"

     "No, it feels kinda good." she admitted.

     I continued my snack, then began to suck- first on one lip, then the other, and ending on her clit.
    
    This brought even more jerking from her. She pressed her sweet mound into my face even harder now and with a slight back and forth motion, aiding her enjoyment.  I concentrated my sucking a little lower to her pee hole. I heard her start to grunt and moan.
     "I think I am going to pee now!" she warned needlessly. I was too busy to reply as I sucked harder and harder like a baby trying to suck the last drop out of his bottle.  With a loud moan, I tasted her sweet nectar. She continued to move about and moan as I gulped and sucked her hot juice. Not a drop was wasted, and I continued to suck long after the tap ran out.  I could feel Chris spread her legs more and bend down to see what I was doing. 

     "You drank it! I can't believe it. What does it taste like? Doesn't it taste yucky?"

     "It tastes fantastic, thank you for giving me a drink." I said as I took a break.

     "But what does it taste like?"

     "Well there is only one way to find out. You want to try some?"

     "I don't know, how do I do it?"

     "Well just pretend like you are sucking on a baby bottle"

     "You mean I suck on your thing? Yuck!"

     "You'll like it once you try it, it's kinda like sucking on your thumb, only better."

     "Well, OK, but stop when I say."

      I got into a sitting position on the floor and spread my legs and helped her into position.  I rubbed her sweet smelling body as she wrapped her lips around my dick. 

     "That's it sweetie, gently now. Rub your tongue up and down a bit.  That's it. Now suck on it, my baby needs some milk."   With that, I let loose a stream from my own tap.  I just let out a little thinking she would spit it out all over the place.  She just continued sucking, and even harder now. I let loose some more, more quickly.  She kept sucking and making gulping noises. I was ready to let out the works when I asked "Has baby had enough milk yet?" Playing along, she started to cry like a baby, still with my cock in her mouth.  

     "Ok baby, daddy will give you the rest of his milk." I said as I let loose all I had left. She just gulped and gulped, and sucked every last drop out of my dick.  

     "That's my baby, drank it all up, that's a big girl.  Are you ready for beddy-bye now?"

     She took her mouth off my dick and made some baby noises like "goo-goo gaa gaa" or something and climbed up onto the bed.  I got onto the bed with her, having to push her over just a bit.  I started to give her a back rub since she was lying on her stomach.  I worked my hand lower and lower as I made it to her small but firm butt and rubbed, spiraling downward to inside her crack. She just cooed and spread her legs farther apart.

     "Does baby want her tummy rubbed?" I asked hopefully. With that, she simply rolled over keeping her legs spread.  I gently rubbed her stomach lingering at her flat nipples, then slowly working downward.  

     "Rub my pee-pee, daddy" she pleaded. That took no hesitation on my part. I massaged her most tender area, rubbing my finger up and down her still damp crack.  We looked into each other's eyes with a mutual lust.  I couldn't resist her sweet face any longer and bent down to kiss her.  Our lips locked and caressed with the passion and skill of longtime lovers.  I continued to explore her baby cunt and probed my fingers deeper and deeper.  She turned sideways to make it easier to kiss me so we were now facing front to front.  Her hand started to explore, unseeing, and it came upon my prick. She seemed to know just what to do as she stroked and rubbed my already hard cock.  I found her pussy hole and thrust my finger into it, just to the first knuckle at first, then back out, then back in a little farther each time. She moaned and our probing became more frantic.  My hands left her hole and instead explored her backside, holding her in an embrace.  She was still massaging my cock and as close as we were, it soon began to rub up against her pussy.  She seemed to enjoy this, and began to push it in between her legs and rub herself on my almost-ready-to-come cock. I helped her out and started to help guide it against her mound, going deeper and deeper into the crevice.  I could barely hear her breathing over mine, but I could tell she was breathing even faster.  

    By this point, my cock decided that it had more than it could handle.  I felt a shuddering building in my body making me grind my teeth and close my eyes.  With my forehead pressing against hers, I slowly erupted in a building climax that seemed like it would not stop. I held her tighter, almost trying to merge into one being.  Finally, the climax came to its peak, and I let loose a flood of my lovemaking fluid.  I never felt anything like it I never wanted it to end.  

     When it was all over, I just laid there, pressed up against her, exhausted.  She broke the silence by asking if I was all right, and if I peed on her.  I assured her I felt fantastic, and no, I did not pee on her, that when a guy feels real good, he shoots out stuff out of his penis called come. She took all this in and seemed to ponder this for a bit. After another ten or fifteen minutes, I got up enough will and energy to get a towel and wipe her off.  We kissed some more during and after this, until we finally fell asleep, exhausted.
                                                           

Chapter 6- The day after

     We didn't wake up until nearly noon the next day.  I don't even think I dreamed that day.  As if nothing had happened, we simply stretched, kissed each other good morning, and got up.  I decided to take a shower to wash off that nights memories.  Without a word, Chris decided to join me, not being able to stand being by herself. We had an uneventful shower, I suppose we were still drained from last night.  We simply lathered each other up, and I washed her hair, just as if everything was completely natural.

      We had breakfast as usual, then watched some television. In all pretty normal.  I guess Chris finally fully woke up as she started to perk up and get somewhat frisky.  Suddenly her mood changed and she started babbling in baby talk. She crawled into my lap and sucked her thumb, and pretended to be a baby.  She looked up at me and said she needed her diaper in mock baby-speak.  

     A few days ago I prepared for another game of baby and took home some safety pins and some cotton towels from work.  I carried her to my room and laid her down on the bed.  I got the supplies and tested my idea.  Perfect.  It looked just like the real thing.  I gathered her up and cuddled her, talking to her like she was my baby.  She said she needed some milk, so I carried her to the fridge and got out a bottle of her kid's drink, one that looks like a little plastic bottle with a spout, filled with blue stuff.  I brought it to her mouth, but she just knocked it out of my hand, and started to squeal and yelled "No that! Want your milk!"  After my initial shock, I soon understood.  

     I took her back to the bedroom and laid down on the bed.  I laid Chris down so that her head was over my swelling dick.  She wasted no time and set out to take her "bottle."  I told her how good she was, and to enjoy her milk. She sucked harder and harder as if that would make mammories grow in my balls and satisfy her with some milk. She stopped and started to cry "You not making milk! Me want!"  What have I created, I thought.  Fortunately, I haven't had my morning piss yet, so I was capable of satisfying her thirst. I relaxed as best as I could and fed her. Now that my bladder was no longer full, I actually enjoyed her feeding even more. I just laid back and enjoyed it. She just laid there half asleep and sucked away. 

     After ten minutes of some close calls on my part, I started to smell a stench. I pointed my nose in the direction of Chris' diaper covered butt, and I quickly figured out the source. I rubbed her back occasionally rubbing her inner thighs.  Just the thought of her helplessness renewed another raging hard-on, making Chris' sucking nearly unbearable.  I had the second of my best orgasms just then, making even more "milk" to satisfy her thirst. It sounded like she was sucking even louder as I recovered from my cumming.  After draining my cock of its last drop, she stopped and looked at me.

     "Did I make daddy come again?"

     "Yes baby, you sure did."

     "Is it because I made you feel good?"

     "Yes baby, real good."

     "Why do boys cum?"

     "It is what makes babies inside girls."

     "Will I have a baby now? Did we have sex?"

     "No sweetie, you're too young to have a baby, and besides, we did not have sex. I have to stick my cock inside the hole in your pee-pee." She seemed to ponder this for a while, while going back to her "bottle."

     After a few more minutes, she broke the silence again.

     "Baby did poo-poo in her diaper."

     "Yes I know, do you want to be changed?"

     "Yes daddy."  I picked her up and carried her to the bathroom. I laid her on the floor and gently took off her diaper.  Besides being full of poop, it was also soaked with pee.  I was thankful my idea worked. I delicately wiped her clean.  After that, I told her she needed some powder, so I took some talk and rubbed some on her mound and butt, taking my time, and slowly massaged her.  She stirred a bit, and sighed a few times, clearly enjoying the treatment. I gathered her up and took her into the living room, holding her against my bare chest.  

     As sudden as she transformed into a baby, she stood up and declared she wanted to go swimming, and ran into her room to put her suit on.  Oh well, I thought, kids will be kids.  We spent the rest of the day at the pool, and with our outward appearances, no one would suspect the occurrences of the last two days.
                                                          

Chapter 7- The climax

      A week went by, with just some minor sexual activity.  Just the caressing, and tickling, and now commonplace nudism.    That night her parents decided to go over to Joe's mother's house and have a party, so they asked if I could have her for the night. They did not need to ask, the pleasure was all mine (and Chris' too).  

    We spent the day going to the park, then to a movie. Just normal everyday father-daughter activities.  We finished the day by going to a restaurant with and indoor playset for the kids.  I barely managed to stay awake, as I could only watch her playing on the set.  It took a bit of coaxing to get her on the slides, since it was at least 12 feet up. She was still terribly afraid of heights.  The children screamed and yelled and had fun, and I just sat there with my hamburger.  

     She stopped playing and came over to me saying she had to pee.  Since she was wearing only her socks (as was the rule) I told her she had to put her shoes on. Well, I guess she didn't feel like it, so still shifting from foot to foot, she went back to playing.

     A few minutes later, I heard a loud scream that could only of been her, then I heard her cry.  I couldn't see her because the set was enclosed in some places.  I saw a little boy slide down the slide, laughing, then yelling to his little playmates that he scared the blond-haired girl and made her pee in her pants.  Concerned for her, I looked for her.  I had to call her name, and tell her that it was Ok and to come on down.  A few minutes later, she reluctantly came down and looked thoroughly embarrassed and with tears running down her face.  I could hear the other children giggle as I embraced her and comforted her, telling her that it was Ok and that she did not do anything bad.

      She had enough of that place by then, so I got her shoes, and carried her out.  By the time we got out to the car, she stopped crying, but was still embarrassed.  I let her sit on my lap as we drove, not wanting to get the car seat wet.  She perked up a bit, and slowly went back to her normal self.  As we drove, I caressed her body, and rubbed her damp shorts.  She spread her legs and relaxed, sucking her thumb.

     We made it back home, and she told me to change her.  I laid her down on the couch and slipped off her pee-soaked pants, then slipped off her shirt.   She sat up and hugged me, telling me how much she loved me.  I let her go, saying that I needed to get my wet clothes off and take a shower.  

     I got up to go to the shower, followed by my shadow.  We had a more sensual shower than usual, with a lot more caressing and kissing.  We got out, dried off, and I told her I was tired so I wanted to hit the sack.  She agreed, so we laid down on the bed. 

     "I want you to rub me." she said, so I complied.  I rubbed her thoroughly, first on her stomach, then legs, then thighs, teasing her, getting closer and closer to her cunt.

     "I want you to rub me there!" she said as she pointed to her crotch.
I massaged her cunt, dipping my fingers into her crack, into her hole, then taking her clit between my fingers and rubbed it. This sent her quivering.  She rolled over and grabbed my cock and started to rub it .  While she tended to me, I caressed her backside. 

     "How come we haven't had sex?" she asked in all seriousness.
All that pondering built up I guess.  I replied "you just aren't big enough yet, Sweetie."

     "I am too!  Why can't we?"

     "It might hurt you if we did it."

     "I don't care, I want to do it!"

Without any time to consider this, she brought herself even closer to me and took my cock in between her thighs, up against her cunt.  She moved my cock up and down her slit, trying to push it in.  All will power disappeared, I decided to help her out.  I helped her to guide my cock to its home. I figured I only had about one minute left till I came, so I wasted no more time.  I found her hole and began to press it in.  I heard her gasp and let out a squeal.  I let up on my pressing and slowed down. She grabbed a hold of my cock and helped push it in, not wanting to go slow.  I must of gone in at least an inch, when I felt her cherry.  I knew it would hurt her, so I was apprehensive about proceeding.  She continued pressing my dick into her despite the barrier.  Well, I guess she won't have it any other way, I thought, so I gave a quick thrust in, and passed it, causing her to yell a bit. She switched from grabbing my cock to grabbing my ass and pulling me into her, as I was fully on top of her now.  I slowly made my way inside her, the tightness was the only thing keeping me from cumming.  Mostly in now, I embraced her and kissed her, with her reciprocating.  I slowly pumped in and out, bringing grunts from Cris.  I reached my hand down and fondled her clit as I continued my rhythmic motion.  Her breathing became faster and faster.  We were both drenched in sweat.  My dick could not take the "punishment" any longer.  I thought my cum from the other night was the best- that was nothing.  My cum seemed to go on for 10 minutes.  I collapsed, exhausted, next to her, still inside her, when it was over.  

     "Now am I going to have a baby?" she asked, catching me about to fall asleep.

     "No sweetie, you are still too young." 

She was quite a few minutes pondering that.  

     "Did you cum again? Did I make you feel real good?"

     "Yes sweetie, better than I have ever felt."

     "I'm glad, daddy. I love you!" she said as she kissed my on my mouth.
We cuddled together, and went to sleep, both of us exhausted.                                                                  
                                                      
     
Chapter 8- Conclusion

     Things pretty much became routine after a while.  We hardly ever put any clothes on unless we were going out.  We never left each others side until it was time for her to leave.  Her folks seemed to grow jealous of all the attention she was getting and let her come over less and less.  I guess they felt like they were going to lose her. 

     When school arrived, I saw even less of her. I was like a drug addict on withdrawal.  I was never happy without her, she was all I could think of. Time alone became unbearable. My performance at work went downhill. To make matters worse, since Chris started first grade, she slowly became more independent, and gained new friends.  I could feel her slip away from me, but there was nothing I could do.

      After a few months of infrequent visits, her parents decided to move, finding a bigger house to live in.  That would be the end of my time with Chris.   Her parents never even bothered to tell me where they moved.  I guess they were trying to get her back much the same way I was. 

      Even though she is gone, Chris will always be in my heart, and I will never forget her.  I hope she finds happiness in this world and learns to stand on her own two feet.  May she conquer all her fears and learn never to feel down on herself.

                                                                     The End
    
     




