Archive-name: 3plus/partytim.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Party Time
 

Hello lover,
It's taken a while to get the right scenario but I think I have
it.
I am working for an outcall service in Chicago and I get a call
to go up to the north shore for some wealthy dude that hasa house
on the lake.  I take a cab since he's paying and am dropped off
in fron a mansion.  There's a small party going on and I walk
up to the door.  The place is beautiful.  Contemporary and
country real USA. The people are all in their late 20's and 30's.
He works for and advertising agency.  They just wrapped a dog
food commercial and this guy bought me for his client.
The service told me not to ask to go home and that he was VERY
wealthy. So I dressed in a light silk skirt with with a satin
halter that just barely covered my tits.  Underneath I had
stockings a garter and beautiful silk panties.
I remebered getting wet just putting them on.  He introduced
my ti his client which just happened to be you.  I could feel
myself start to drip as you took my arm and placed your hand on
my back.  Your breath smelled faintly of another woman and all I
could do was hope.  How long was this party going to last?
 
I had masturbate!  I excused myself and went to the John.  Opps
had some guy in there getting head from this geourgoes teenager.
She looked up and motioned it was cool.  I took my panties down
to piss and the guy loved them.  I stood up and rubbed them on my
clit till I came and moved them toward his face.  He stuck his
tongue out as I put them in his mouth.  Then I lifted this girls
skirt, no panties!, and began to finger her.  She couldn't take
it and had him fuck her.  I licked her clit while he went in and
out.  what a juicy pussy she had!  As he watched all this he
stated to come. She had gotton off so much I don;t think she
noticed.  Sfter four good pumps you pulled out spilling all that
hot delicous sperm on my face.  mmmm it was so good.  There was
so much I couldn't believe it.  You handed me my panties to wipe
up but I could et all that cum go to waste.  You lady lifted her
head to say something and i kissed her full on the lips.
Smearing your cum all over her face.  I cleaned her pussy with my
panties but before put them on I smeared the devin liquid around
the rim of the glass I would give you..  Just for some personal
erotice pleasure.  An with my panties back in place soaked with
come I left the bathroom as the guard was walking by with the
three large german shepherds that guarded the house.
As I entered th room and handed you the glass....
 
--
