Archive-name: 3plus/partynit.txt
Archive-author: The Scarlet Quill
Archive-title: Party Night


This story is Copyrighted (1992) by the author and must  not
be  used  for profit without the consent of the author. Per-
mission to redistribute this story  is  hereby  granted,  if
that  distribution is done without charge and this notice is
attached to the story.


     A couple of months ago, my wife, Terri and I  went  out
to  a great bash. Picking up her sister Karin, who is also a
blonde haired beauty, we headed for  the  party.  The  girls
chatted  during  the 45 minute drive out to the party and we
had a few good laughs. The party was just starting to  blast
when  we  got there. We had a few drinks and started dancing
to the Caribean music pounding  through  the  room.  We  all
worked  up  a  pretty  good sweat to some hot and heavy Soca
music and what the girls were wearing got more than my heart
pounding.  Terri  was wearing a purple suede outfit; a short
skirt that molded to her hips showing off her great legs, an
open  matching  jacket  that  came to her waist with a black
bandeau supporting her sexy tits.  Karin was wearing a black
off-the-shoulder  mini-dress  of thin stretch cotton.  Every
time she leaned forward the scoop neck flashed her pert tits
and pink nipples at me.  Coming halfway down her thighs, the
mini-dress hugged her sexy hips and tight ass like a  second
skin.

     I discovered the secret of her missing panty lines when
I  shared a set of slow dances with her.  With her small but
pert  tits  pressed  into  my  chest  we  rubbed  our  loins
together.  Feeling  my  swollen member pressed into her taut
belly, Karin aggressively rubbed her mound over my  hardened
rod.   Dropping  my hands down onto her hips I slid my hands
softly over her hips and cheeks. I  didn't  feel  any  panty
lines  on her cheeks but I felt the waistband of a skimpy g-
string curving over the tops of her sexy hips.  Sliding  one
hand  across  her  back  I  traced  the thin lacy outline in
towards her spine and then part way down her  cheeks  as  it
dove into her sexy crack.

     Karin laughed in my ear, "Find anything interesting?"

     I laughed back, "Well now I know why I didn't  see  any
panty lines."

     With a little extra oomph, Karin ground her mound  over
my  swollen  member. I bent my knees and pulling her into me
with my hand on her ass, I pressed my rod up into  the  warm
vee  between her legs. We finished the rest of the song this
way, and my rod was pulsing and her warm vee was flaming  by
the  time  the  song  was over. The three of us danced until
about 2:00 in the morning when we finally  decided  to  head
home.  I  had had a great time.  Fast dances with two lovely
blondes and intimate slow dances with both Terri  and  Karin
that had my balls swelling with hot loads.

     In the car, Terri asked, "I'm tired,  do  you  mind  if
Karin sleeps over and we drive her home in the morning?"

     Thinking it over, I knew we'd be  home  in  15  minutes
instead of an hour and fifteen minutes and I didn't mind the
thought of Karin sleeping over.

     "Sure," I said, but where is Karin going to sleep,  our
sofa isn't in yet."

     "Well, she can't sleep on  the  floor,  she  can  sleep
beside me and I'll sleep in the middle."

     The thought of Karin sleeping in our queen size bed was
too tempting to turn down.

     "If Karin doesn't mind, it's fine by me."

     Fifteen minutes later we were in our small one  bedroom
apartment. Making a bee-line for bathroom I just beat them.

     Terri grabbed Karin and said, "Let's get changed  while
Steve uses the bathroom."

     Dropping my pants, I took a long but urgent  whiz.  You
don't  buy beer, you just rent it.  Two minutes later, there
was a knock on the door. Tucking my cock back  in  my  black
string  bikini  underwear,  I flushed the toilet and let the
girls in. Terri and Karin were wearing matching babydolls; I
had  bought  them  for  Terri on one of our special anniver-
saries, Terri was in purple and  Karin  in  pink.  The  sexy
babydolls  had spaghetti straps and small triangles of nylon
with lace inserts that gave tantalising peeks of their  pink
nipples.  The  short  babydolls came halfway down their hips
revealing their the front of their  skimpy  panties  snugged
tightly over their golden mounds.

     Terri  was  wearing  the  purple  nylon  g-string  that
matched her babydolls and it barely covered her blonde curls
as it curved over her mound and down along  her  full  lips.
Karin  was  wearing  a high-cut, black lace g-string and her
blonde mound and curl covered lips were visible through  the
sheer  lace  as it molded over her semi-naked lips. The back
of the babydolls almost covered their sweet cheeks with  the
lower  half  peeking  out.   I  was  wearing my shirt, black
underwear and socks which got both my semi-tipsy girls  gig-
gling.

     Brushing  my  teeth  between  these  two  lovelies,   I
couldn't  resist  looking  at  the  mirrored  image of their
exposed tits as they bent over the sink washing their faces.
Stepping  back,  to  wipe my face, I was treated to two bent
sets of sexy cheeks exposed beneath the rising hem of  their
short  baby  dolls. Unbuttoning my shirt I looked at Terri's
sexy bum as the purple string ran up the crack of  her  ass.
Karin's  g-string  was  a vision of loveliness; an extremely
narrow ruffled strip of black lace  parted  her  cheeks  and
barely covered her pouting lips.

     Taking off my shirt I draped it to cover my  hard  cock
as it poked out of my low waist band and bending over pulled
off my socks. Small blonde curls poked out along  the  black
lace  crotch  that  scantily  covered  Karin's sweet flaming
nook. The girls had closed my gap at the  sink,  so  leaning
over  Terri  I  gave her a kiss on top of her head. Shifting
towards the open doorway, I dropped my shirt  away  from  my
belly  and  leaned into the back of Karin's thighs. Pressing
my shaft into the crack of her ass the exposed  head  of  my
hard cock kissed the hot naked vee between her cheeks. Kiss-
ing Karin on top of her blonde head, I prolonged my intimate
contact by saying.

     "Good night, I'll see you both in bed."

     Karin, pressed back and by tightening her  ass  muscles
squeezed  my  cock between her cheeks. Terri's face was full
of soap as she said.

     "We won't be long, were almost finished."

     Simply saying, "Okay," I reluctantly pulled  away  from
the hot warmth of Karin's lace parted cheeks.

     Lying in bed, I waited, for the girls to  come,  I  had
the  small light on and my hard cock was sticking out of the
black pouch as it pointed up my belly. The girls came  in  a
few  minutes later and I watched them parade around the room
tidying up their clothes. Terri pulled back her side of  the
bed and scooted over towards me as Karin lay down. Her baby-
dolls draped at her waist, her naked ass was 3 feet away  as
the  black  lace  parted  her  sexy firm cheeks. After Karin
pulled the covers over herself I turned  off  my  light  and
leaning  over,  softly  gave Terri a long good night kiss on
the lips.

     Karin said, "Where's my kiss?"

     Terri was feeling right mellow  as  she  told  me,  "Go
ahead."

     Half laying over Terri I gave Karin a soft  warm  kiss.
Karin's  response turned it into a longer and sexier kiss as
she held my head with her hands and the tips of our  tongues
wrestled between her soft lips.

     I said, "Good night, Karin," and lying spoon fashion  I
cuddled up to Terri's back.

     Karin said, "Good  night  Steve.  Terri,  he's  a  good
kisser."

     To which, Terri giggled, "I know," as she  wiggled  her
bum against my hard cock.

     I knew I wasn't getting anything with Karin in bed with
us,  but  I still felt pretty good. Flipping the pouch of my
string underwear down I eased my cock and balls out into the
open  and pressed my cock softly along the nylon string cov-
ering the crack of Terri's ass.  Draping my arm around Terri
I  cupped  her breast. With her hard nipple pressing into my
palm I eventually fell asleep.  Later I half awoke as  Terri
crawled  out  of bed and went into the kitchen for something
to drink.  I fell back to sleep and roused a little later to
get  more  comfortable  as Terri snuggled her back up to me.
Sliding my arm over her ribs, I slid my  hand  up  over  her
babydolls to cup her left breast. Gently fondling her breast
I felt her nipple responding to my soft touch.   Sliding  my
hand  down  her belly I eased it under her babydoll and back
onto her other breast.

     With Karin lying beside us, I  caressed  Terri's  naked
breast  beneath  her babydolls gently twirling her hard nip-
ple.  Draping my leg over her thigh  my  naked  cock  rested
against  her  hot skin. Terri eased her ass back against me,
pressing her naked cheeks  against  my  hard  cock.   Gently
rocking  her  hips,  Terri  rubbed her ass cheeks against my
cock.  Sliding a hand back, she slipped it onto my  hip  and
underneath  my  underwear.  Gently caressing my ass she slid
her fingernails along the crack of my ass.

     Tugging at my underwear Terri pulled them down  off  my
cheeks,  lifting  my  hips  I  helped her pull them down and
kicked them off.  She continued to rub my naked bum and then
sliding  over  my  bare  hip  she gently stroked her fingers
along my shaft.  Pulling her legs up towards her chest,  she
rubbed  it  along  her g-stringed crack.  Her hot lips swel-
ling, they molded themselves to my flared head  through  the
ruffled  lace.  My  hard  head pushed her soft lacy g-string
into her juicy lips as they kissed the tip of  my  cock.  It
felt so great, as her hot juices started to cream my cock.

     Pushing her g-string aside Terri, slid  my  cock  along
her  naked  lips,  the  soft blonde curls tickling my flared
head as her hot, wet inner lips creamed the  sensitive  tip.
The  lacy ruffle tickled the sides of my shaft as she pulled
the swollen head deeper into her slit. Sliding my hand  down
her  belly,  I caressed her lower belly with my hand gliding
over her lacy g-string. Sliding around to her ass I  ran  my
fingers  over her bare cheeks and down into the crack of her
ass. Tracing the ruffled strip of what I shockingly realized
was black lace and not purple I ran my fingers down into her
steamy loins, I grew another inch, as I realized  Karin  was
stroking her wet lips with my cock.

     Kissing the back of her neck, I kissed  her  cheek  and
twisting  our  heads  we  kissed. Our tongues flicked inside
each others mouths as I pulled my wet fingers out of her hot
loins  and  slipped  the strap of her babydolls down off her
shoulder. Baring her breast, I caressed it with the slippery
tips  of  my  fingers as Karin pulled my cock along her slit
and then started to stuff it inside herself. Sliding my hips
up  I  helped  stuff my eager cock up inside my sexy sister-
in-law. The excitement of knowing  that  Terri,  was  asleep
beside us added to my peaking lust.

     Cupping her slippery pussy, I  rubbed  her  clit  as  I
pumped  my cock inside of her. Rocking our hips together, we
made slow, quiet love.  The  hot  naked  curves  of  Karin's
satiny  bum  pressed  against  my lower belly as I rocked my
cock inside her hot wet pussy. Her tight sugar walls grabbed
my  cock  as I pulsed my belly into her naked cheeks and the
lace ruffle of her g-string parting the crack of her ass. We
had  a pretty good motion going and I slid my hand under her
ribs to cup her breast as I diddled  her  clit.  Taking  her
hand  and  placing  it over her wet slit I caressed her lips
and my slowly oscillating rod with her fingers.  Karin  took
over  and reaching up, I cupped her other breast as I hugged
her satin covered back.

     Karin and I picked up the tempo as best we could  lying
on  our  sides  and  we  thrust  our hips together, my belly
bouncing off her tight bent cheeks. Throwing caution to  the
wind,  Karin  rolled  over onto her belly with me following.
Lying along her mostly naked body, as her babydoll was half-
way  up  her  ribs, I started to rock and roll. Karin tilted
her ass up into the air and rocking her hips  met  my  eager
thrusts.  Looking at Terri, she lay on the other side of the
bed passed out in oblivion.  Karin's wet  pussy  was  making
sexy  squishy noises as we rocked our hips together. Karin's
fingers were dancing on my rod and her lips.  Supporting  my
weight  on  the  back  of  my  hands  I still cupped Karin's
breasts.  Bouncing her ass, Karin thrust back at my impaling
cock.  The  base  of my cock pressing into her spread cheeks
the creamy lace ruffle caressed the length of my oscillating
shaft.

     Karin started to orgasm and her tight  muscles  started
to  milk  my  thick  rod.  Leaning into her rigid, orgasming
body, I furiously  stroked  my  cock  inside  her  climaxing
loins.  Her  hot  pussy sucked at my cock as I lay along her
back, pressing into her soft ass. With a soft  moan  in  her
ear  that  I was going to come, I totally collapsed onto her
sexy body. My legs locked and my  stomach  tightened  as  my
balls  pulsed,  squirting  my hot, wet, thick come down into
her upturned pussy. My cock buried inside her sexy flames, I
pulsed  my  come  down into her quivering, hungry pussy as I
pressed into her sexy ass.

     Rolling off Karin, I slipped my limp, wet cock  out  of
her just filled pussy. Turning onto her side Karin faced me.
Hugging each other, we kissed, twining our legs together.  I
couldn't  believe  how  great she kissed, and how passionate
she was. Lowering my lips, I had  to  kiss  and  suckle  her
breasts.  I  swirled  my  tongue over the hard pink tips and
kneaded her firm, supple breasts with my  lips.  Sliding  my
hand  down  between  her legs, I gently caressed, her sweet,
super wet pussy.  Sliding my fingers up her lace ruffles,  I
pulled her g-string back over the center of her swollen lips
feeling the blonde curls poking out on  both  sides  of  the
ruffled  edges as I ran my fingers along her swollen ridges.
Terri rolled over in bed facing away from  us  and  we  both
quietly  froze until Terri seemed to settle down again. With
a last upward stroke I gently pulled her g-string  into  the
wet lips of her lovely muff. Rolling onto my back, I slipped
one arm under Karin's neck and along her  back  as  she  lay
along my side with her lovely tits pressed into my chest and
one arm draped over my chest.  Rolling her upper thigh  over
my  left  leg  she dropped her hot thigh in between my legs.
In a bliss of sexual relief, ecstasy and Karin's  sexy  body
wrapped along mine, I dropped into deep sleep.

     I woke up to find Karin sprawled  over  my  chest,  her
blonde  hair spread over me and her thigh straddling over my
belly and cock as her calf draped over the other side of  my
legs.   My  left  arm  circling under her waist, my hand was
spread across her bared cheeks.  I heard quiet  noises  from
the  kitchen  and  cautiously  cracking  my eyes, I saw that
Terri, wasn't in bed. I didn't know if she  was  upset  that
her  half naked sister was sprawled over her husband until I
saw my underwear neatly folded on top of  my  dresser.   Not
wanting to waste an opportunity, I started to caress Karin's
ass, and as she started to stir I pulled her over on top  of
my  body.  Her legs straddling my belly my hard cock pointed
up into her lacy crack. Her  pert  tits  pressed  pleasantly
into  me  as  she  lay across my chest.  Gently stroking her
soft blonde curls, I kissed her blonde head.  Karin,  lifted
her  lovely  face  and  I kissed her on the lips. Locking my
head with her hands Karin swirled her tongue in my mouth  as
she  ground  her  loins  over  my aroused shaft. For several
minutes, we hugged and  necked  as  Karin  rubbed  her  lace
covered loins over my raging rod.

     Rolling her over onto her back, I kissed her  tits  and
then exposed them to the soft morning sunlight. I kissed her
pert nipples.  Cupping her  breasts,  I  kissed  and  licked
them,  nibbling on her erect nubs. Sliding down I kissed her
belly through her pink  babydolls  and  kissing  her  blonde
trimmed  mound  through the her g-string I gently tugged her
soft curls. The musky smell of her  hot  juices,  filled  my
nose  as  I kissed her soft lips through the creamed lace of
her sheer g-string.

     Tugging the moist lace crotch over to the side; so that
both  black ruffles ran alongside her swollen lips, I stared
at her perfect blonde pussy. It was similar to Terri's,  but
also  sexily  different.  Kissing  the  sides of her lips, I
lowered my eager lips to her hot skin. Within  moments,  her
moist  creamy inner lips blossomed, her pink petals glisten-
ing with tasty dew. Flicking the length of her pink  petals,
I tasted her musk with the tip of my tongue. Karin sighed in
relief and I licked her slit with the flat of my tongue  and
sensually ate her sweet nectar and flesh in every loving way
I knew.  Sliding my tongue  deep  inside  her,  I  felt  her
satiny  pussy  pressing  on  my wiggling tongue. Drowning my
face in gushers of sweet nectar,  Karin  locked  her  thighs
around  my  happy  face. Pulling me up, she wrapped her legs
around my waist as my cock instinctively probed for the  hot
yielding center of her loins.

     Slowly sliding in, I eased my fully  flared  head  into
her  satin  hugging  walls.   With  her pussy surrounding my
shaft I slid in to the hilt and out to the  tip.  Her  tight
pussy  molded  to every, curve, ridge and pulsing vein in my
cock as I stroked  her  hot  comforting  depths.  With  each
plunge, I rubbed my hairy mound over her open lips and erect
clitoris. My balls slapping off the wet curves of her ass, I
plunged  my  cock  inside  Karin  as her bouncing ass met my
thrusts. With eager, frantic motions  we  thrust  our  loins
together  as  I  lay  in Karin's arms, my chest crushing her
splendid tits. With an  incredible  wrenching  pulse,  Karin
orgasmed.  Scissor-locking  her  legs,  she pulled me deeply
into her pulsating loins. Her rippling pussy ripped me  into
orgasm  as  I  flooded her loins with my soothing balm.  Our
loins pulsed in syncopation as our hearts raced together.

     Slowly recovering our breath, I gently kissed her, mur-
muring,  "You're absolutely wonderful. I'm one of the lucki-
est guys in the world. I love you."

     Karin murmured, "I love you too. And you don't know how
long I've been waiting for this."

     Hearing Terri's slippers slapping down the  hallway,  I
rolled  over  onto my back and pulled Karin onto my chest as
she draped her leg over my wet cock.  Pretending to sleep, I
cupped  her  ass  under  the sheets as Terri walked into the
room.

     A moment later, I felt Terri's lips on my cheek as  she
kissed me and said, "Wake up sleepy heads."

     Stretching, I cracked my eyes and looked up  at  Terri,
whose lovely breasts were hanging in my face just behind her
baby dolls. I pretended to notice Karin for the first time.

     I said, "I guess this isn't you laying on top of me."

     Smiling at me, "Nope, you switched girls in the  middle
of  the  night.  I got out of bed to use the bathroom and to
get a drink and when I came back Karin was  snuggled  up  to
you.  I  hope  you  enjoyed  her  company, she seems to like
yours."

     "I don't mind, she's nice and warm."

     Laughing Terri said, "I'll bet you didn't mind. Have  a
good night's sleep Sis?"

     Lifting her head off my chest, Karin said, "Best  night
I've ever had, besides Steve makes a great pillow."

     "Well the two of you scoot  over,  I've  got  breakfast
ready."

     Turning  around  and  bending  at  the   waist,   Terri
presented  her  g-string  parted ass and blonde crack for my
viewing pleasure. As  she  lifted  the  tray,  Karin  and  I
scooted  over  on the bed and sat up against the head board.
Terri placed the breakfast tray, with it's short legs across
my  thighs.   Both  girls  cuddled  up  to me as we shared a
breakfast of rolls, scrambled eggs, rashers of bacon,  toast
and  orange  juice.   Karin's  straps  were halfway down her
arms, exposing her lovely tits, she pulled them up, but they
kept  falling  down  as we ate breakfast.  Putting the empty
tray on the floor, we all slid down  under  the  covers  and
relaxed.

     The girls lay in the crook of my arms, cuddled down the
length  of  my naked body. Almost together, they each rolled
their legs over my thighs and dropped an arm onto  my  chest
and belly. With both their heads resting on my chest we cud-
dled under the comforter. Terri slid her hand down my  belly
and making no comment about my naked loins started to caress
my balls and shaft. I quickly  grew  inside  her  encircling
fingers  and  moments later Karin's hand joined her sisters.
With both girls caressing  my  balls  and  shaft  I  was  in
heaven.  Terri  ducked  under the covers and started to kiss
her way down towards my naked hips.

     Twisting my head I started to  french  kiss  Karin,  my
tongue  tasting  the  sweet  strawberry  jam  in  her mouth.
Stroking her ass I traced my finger along the ruffled string
parting her cheeks.  Pulling the waist strings down I pulled
it over the curves of her ass and lifting up,  Karin  pulled
it  down  her  thighs  and  kicked  it off. By now Terri was
kissing my Karin-dipped cock and tasting her  sisters  juice
coating  my stiff shaft. Cupping Karin's ass I pulled her up
towards me and pulling the straps off her babydoll  off  her
arms  I exposed her tits and greedily sucked them. Terri was
half laying over my belly as she sucked on my pink hard cock
and  sliding  my  hand under the covers I caressed her naked
cheeks and slipped my fingers under the skimpy crotch of her
g-string.  Her lips were creamy and my fingers slid over her
slippery lips as I probed her hot insides.

     I whispered to Karin, "I want to eat you."

     Sitting up, she turned and swung her leg over my  head.
Kneeling with her bum cheeks on my forehead, my nose pressed
into her bumhole as I slipped my  tongue  inside  her  juicy
pussy. I was surrounded in a cloud of pink and blonde as her
pink babydolls floated down from her waist draping over  the
parts of my head that weren't surrounded by her sexy thighs.
Within seconds her juices were flowing over my  delightfully
buried face.

     A blast of cool air hit me as Terri threw off the  com-
forter  and  whipping  the crotch of her blue g-string aside
swung her legs over my waist and  expertly  guided  my  cock
inside  her upright pussy. Terri rocked and ground her pussy
into my cock and pubic bone as Karin's  hot  loins  rode  my
creamed  face.   Reaching up I managed to cup one of Karin's
naked tits and one of  Terri's  satin  clad  ones.  Ecstatic
minutes  later,  Terri was moaning in orgasm. Karin was con-
tinuously flooding my face in a series  of  climaxes  as  my
tongue  flicked and licked her cunt and clitoris. I erupted,
straight up into my wife's hot pussy as her  sister  clamped
my  head  between  her thighs driving her open pussy onto my
lips and nose.

     Catching our breath, me literally, as I had  only  been
breathing  what  little  air  that  managed to sneak in past
Karin's tight little cheeks and  swollen  wet  lips  we  lay
beside  each  other cuddling. The girls slipped off the rest
of their clothing and we caressed and  stroked  each  others
naked  bodies for the next several hours. Enjoying some more
sex with Karin straddling my pole and Terri  sitting  on  my
face while they caressed each others tits I blew yet another
hot load. Eventually after lots of wet  kisses  and  triple-
body hugs we all crowded into the shower for some soapy fun.

     Late in the afternoon, we  drove  Karin  home.  Sitting
beside  me  in her sexy mini-dress she caressed my thigh and
loins through and under my spandex biking shorts. I caressed
her  sexy bare thighs and sliding my free hand up inside her
dress, I caressed her bare pussy,  my  fingers  parting  her
slick  lips  as  I  slipped my finger inside her. Later that
night I found her sexy little g-string tucked under my  pil-
low,  still  smelling  sweetly  of  her intense musk and our
mingled love juices.

     At her place, Karin gave me a passionate kiss, slipping
her hot tongue deep into my mouth.

     Softly saying,"I love you," she kissed my cheek leaving
a bright lipstick mark.

     She gave her sister a tight hug and a sexy  kiss,  say-
ing, "Thanks for being so loving and so sharing."

     With a sexy wiggle of her ass she walked away from  our
car.  Terri  slid  over  against me and on the way home, she
stroked my cock and easing my biking shorts down, sucked  on
my  exposed  cock. We had some great sex that night; sharing
and exploring different ways to make each other  feel  good.
Karin  spends  quite  a few sex-filled weekends at our house
now. The girls usually dress  up  wearing  sexy  outfits  or
maybe  just a g-string while we dine by candlelight and when
we do finally get to bed, I sleep in the middle, between  my
two sexy ladies.

THE END.

Story by The Scarlett Quill.

--
