                   NICOLE IS THE PARTY GIRL
                         By JOHN

Following my instructions, you drive down a series of unfamiliar streets,
looking for a specific address.  "Come to 132 North Street, at 8:00 PM.
I will meet you there.  There is something I will require of you there."
Those were the instructions.  What could I mean?  What would you find?

Your heart raced with excitement as you searched the darkened street for
the number 132.  You passed a house with a number of cars parked in front,
making it impossible to read the number for that house, and then found
number 134, so you knew you had to be close.  You parked just past the
profusion of cars, and got out, your heels clicking against the concrete.

"Wear something elegant", the instructions added.  And you had done so,
putting on a long, flowing blue dress that clung to your every curve.
You found the house at 132 North Street, right in front of the collection
of cars.  The house was lighted, and laughter from many voices could be
heard inside.

Did you have the right address?  You looked again at my note, but it still
read the same.  Taking a deep breath, you knocked on the door, and a
tall man with dark, closely-cut hair answered.

"Huh?" he exclaimed.  "Are you selling something?  I don't think we
want any," he demurred, starting to shut the door.

"Is John Robinson here?  He asked me to meet him here," you blurt out,
and the man opened the door again.

"Yes, he's here," the man answered, but was interrupted as I came to the
door.

"Nicole!  Thanks for coming.  These friends of mine are having a
bachelor party for Dave, here, and I wanted you to help out."

You flushed, as you thought of the extent to which your "help" might
extend.  "Anything for you," you replied dutifully, as your face briefly
turned a bright red.

"Nicole, this lucky man here is Dave, and he's getting married next
week.  And these others are Julio, and Bill.  I'd like you to help
us by serving drinks, running the VCR... and in various other ways.
Are you up for it?"

Your heart caught in your throat.  'Various other ways'??  But you
recovered and put on a brave smile.  "It will be a pleasure," you
purred, intentionally making a double-entendre.

Dave was a tall, handsome blonde man, while Julio was shorter, with
dark curls and a latin look.  Bill was a lanky man in his early 20's
with a slightly "spiky" haircut.  They all smiled at you.

"Glad to meet you, Nicole"... "Hi, thanks for coming," they 
greeted you, and you gave each of them a bright smile in return.

"Oh, one other thing," I interjected.  "Hey, doesn't she look great?"
I asked, turning to my friends.

"Yeah!"  "I'll say; what a looker!" they smiled.

"Well, don't you think she'd look even better in THIS?" I asked, holding
up a skimpy, lacy, sheer teddy.

"No kidding!" was the response, and you felt a rising sense of panic as
you realized the situation was rapidly becoming out of your control.
You looked at the revealing garment and paled.  But you resolved to
satisfy my wishes, knowing how much it would excite and please me.

"Then I will put it on, then," you reply in a shaky voice, taking the
teddy from my fingers.  "Where shall I change?" you add with a giggle.

I pretend to think.  "Oh, I don't know," I murmur... "There are so many
possibilities..."

"Well, don't take too long to decide," you breathed, kicking off your heels
and reaching up to unclasp your necklace.

"Oh, all right, you can go to the bathroom and change," I chuckled.
"On your way back, get the VCR tape off the kitchen table, and get the
snacks there, and bring everything in here, okay?"

You were shaking as you closed the bathroom door and began stripping
off your clothes.  There was a dark wet stain on your panties as you
removed them, and you took some time to wipe yourself dry before putting
on the teddy and the matching panties that came with them.  Then you
took a deep breath, straightened up tall and put on a proud look, and
opened the door.

There was a chorus of low whistles as you swayed into the room, and you
bent over to put the bowls of chips and various other foods on the
tables around the living room, knowing full well the view of your
panties it would afford the leering men.

"So what's the featured attraction?" you asked, putting the videotape
into the VCR and turning on the TV.

The picture on the TV cleared, and then you found yourself looking at...
yourself.  You were seated on a couch, speaking in a low voice to the
camera, and you paled yet again as you realized what the featured attraction
was going to be.


It's her!  Nicole, is that really you?" asked Julio, staring at 
the image on the TV screen who was languidly unbuttoning her
blouse.

"It's her," I confirmed.  "Nicole has come tonight to make Dave's
bachelor party truly memorable... haven't you, Nicole?"

"Yes," you breathed.  You could feel yourself getting wetter by the
second, and you were mortified to realize that the rapidly spreading
dark, wet stain on your panties was probably visible to everyone
present, betraying your excitement.  On the TV screen, you watched
as your image slowly hiked up her dress and began removing her
own panties, which were equally wet...

"God, you're lucky to have such a beauty at your beck and call, John,"
Julio sighed, and Dave and Bill nodded assent.

"I know, VERY lucky," I agreed, as I pulled you to me and sat you down
on my lap.  Our lips met in a kiss, and as our mouths opened and our
tongues began a lazy exploration of each other, you felt my hands
pulling your teddy up so I could slip my hand past the waistband of your
panties and plunge my fingers deep within your damp female place.

You squirmed in my lap, still kissing me, and whimpered as I stroked
you insistently.  "Oh, she's so wet," I announced to my eagerly watching
audience.  "How's my little babyslut doing?" I murmured, stroking your
hair with my other hand.  "Ready to show these friends of mine what a
randy little whore you are?"

"Oh, Daddy, I'm so horny," you moaned, taking my cue.  "I need to taste
some cum.  Please, can I have some cum, Daddy?"

Julio and Bill leaned forward, eagerly watching and trying to hide the
growing bulges evident beneath their jeans.  "Yes, my lovely blonde
babywhore, Daddy will let you have some cum.  I think some of my friends
here might have quite a bit ready for you, don't you think?"

"Oh, YES," you moaned, moving up and down on my fingers, seeking relief.
You turned to face your audience, and murmured, "Do you want me, Julio?
How about you, Dave and Bill?  I'm a hot, slutty whore, just aching for
a man's cock up my wet cunt."

Dave sat back, stunned, and said, "I don't think Kim would like this.
I better stay out of this."  But you saw his hand at his crotch, stroking
himself without his even being aware.

Bill and Julio weren't so shy.  Julio had already scrambled up and
had his crotch next to your face, one hand stroking your hair as the
other unbuttoned his jeans.  You could smell his male fragrance, hot
and musky, as his jeans fell away, exposing his oozing erection.

You slid down in my lap, holding yourself up with your hands with
your stomach against me, as Julio entered your mouth, filling your
senses with his salty taste.

"Yes," you murmured as your tongue worked over Julio's cock, "That's
it, Julio.  Give your hot little babywhore some of your cum."  You 
could hear Bill moving around behind you, and you flinched as you
felt his hands on your panties, pulling them down your long legs.
They left a trail of dampness on your thighs as they came free.

There was the sound of a zipper behind you, and you felt Bill's long
cock easing deep within your slippery womanhood, and you renewed your
efforts over Julio's cock, thrusting in and out of your warm, wet
mouth.  Looking over you saw Dave's hands busy with his long cock,
as he looked on with a glazed look.

Julio's body tensed, and he groaned, as his cock spurted a hot jet
of cum which slid down your throat... and again, filling your mouth
and causing some to ooze from the corner of your mouth.

"Yes, that's what I want," you murmured, feeling the length of
Bill's stiff manhood impaling you again and again even as Julio
bucked and his own cock spurted again.

"Ohhh, that's it," I soothed, stroking your breasts through the thin
fabric of the teddy as your body moved against mine in time with Julio
and Bill's thrusting.  "Daddy's little girl loves to suck and fuck,
doesn't she?"  On the screen, your image was slowly inserting a long,
cylindrical, flesh-colored vibrator deep within herself, and moaning.

"Yes, I love the taste of your cum, Julio," you moaned.  "But I need
more... give me your cum, Bill!  I want it!"

With that, Bill could hold back no longer, and he grunted as he
filled you with his hot stickiness.

You slumped, exhausted, as Bill and Julio withdrew.  A string of
Julio's cum trailed from your mouth, but you were too distracted
to wipe it away.

You looked over where Dave, overwhelmed by the sensuality of what he
had just witnessed, was still stroking his length with his fingers.
A closer look revealed that his fingers were wet with the evidence
of his own satisfaction.

"Nicole, Dave didn't get to have you.  What can you do about
that?  Don't you think you can give him a rain check?" I asked.

Once again taking my cue, you knelt at Dave's feet and looked up
at him meekly.

"Dave, I know your mind is on your wedding day, and you're saving yourself
for your bride.  But some day you may find your thoughts might stray to 
the thought of having another, and when they do, I'll be waiting for you.
I will do anything John says, and if he gives the okay, I will give myself
to you.  I am his slut, his whore, and when he gives the command I am
completely without morals or inhibitions.  When you're ready, give 
John a call.  I will do anything to please you."

As if to illustrate your words, you wiped the cum from your face slowly
with a finger, and licked the finger clean.

Dave looked shocked for a moment, and then slowly nodded, a sly look on his
face.

As you drove me home, your face was flushed with embarrassment and excitement.
"Oh, John, I was mortified, so humiliated... but I liked it!  Ohhh, I am so
excited... and I didn't even get to cum!"  You turned to me and pleaded, "Oh,
John, won't you let your babywhore cum tonight?  Tonight I will be yours to
command... and I will do anything to have you, anything..."

I smiled at you.  "Yes, I will, my babywhore."


