Partners
by deirdre

A bunch of us from the office had decided to go drinking after work.  
We all sat around and talked for a while, and as 9pm rolled around, 
some people had left, and more people were drifting out.  Pretty soon 
I found myself alone at one end of the table with just two people 
left at the other end.

They looked like they were in deep conversation, but I decided to 
scoot over and talk to them at least for a minute.  I wanted to be 
polite, but also, they were both women and both very attractive.  
Sherry is one of the secretaries--she's about average height, blonde, 
and has a spectacular figure.  Karen is brunette, a little taller and a 
lot slimmer.  It is well known that Karen is lesbian, but I did have 
some thoughts that Sherry might be interested.

So I slid over and said hello.  It turned out that Sherry was leaving 
and I ended up sitting there, finishing my drink with Karen.  I had the 
feeling maybe Karen had been trying to get Sherry interested in a 
bisexual fling.  As soon as Sherry had gone, on a lark, I just asked 
Karen if she found Sherry attractive.  Actually, Sherry struck me as 
the kind of woman that appealed to men rather than lesbians, but I 
assume that different lesbians have their own preferences.

Well, Karen told me Sherry had a great body, and somehow went into 
a discussion about sex!  I guess we both had had a lot to drink.  Karen 
revealed some of the things that turned her on and we actually 
compared notes as to what sort of female we were interested in.  In 
fact, it was one of the most comfortable talks about sex that I 
recalled ever having with anyone, male or female!

We also got into talking about Karen's lesbianism and whether she 
could be attracted to men.  And she told me something that amazed 
me: she said that she figured that it would be possible for her to 
have a relationship with a man, but that there were some kinds of 
sex that just absolutely turned her off.  I asked her if she were 
brave enough to tell me what they were.  She said that there were 
too many little things that couples do that would get in the way--
that it would be too hard on the man to avoid them all, and that it 
could only possibly work if the man were to refrain from instigating 
anything and let her call all the shots.  I teased her about wanting to 
dominate a man, but she remained very serious and said that wasn't 
the point at all--just that there were some sex acts that she didn't 
want to do.

Well, we must have been plenty drunk, because soon we were 
observing that neither of us were attached and talking about the idea 
of trying such a relationship.  The strange thing is, we both assumed 
it wouldn't last--that either I would fail to allow Karen to call all 
the shots, or I would grow tired of it.  But we seemed willing to try 
it for a while out of curiosity and to test Karen's hypothesis.

Well, we left the bar together.  I asked her whose place we should go 
to.  She reminded me that I wasn't going to instigate anything!  I 
wondered for a second what I'd gotten myself into.  Then she 
suggested that we both get in my car.  Once we were there (sitting 
in the front seats) she told me that one thing she *did* like doing 
was kissing, and that for our first evening, we'd just kiss for a 
while--nothing beyond, no touching or hugging of any kind.

That moment was so weird, setting such stringent limits on the 
evening, and leaving absolutely everything up to Karen including 
whether I put my hand on her shoulder!  But I was ready to try our 
experiment--we leaned over and kissed, nothing touching except our 
lips.

I guess it had been a while since I was kissing someone for five, ten 
minutes or more.  It started like one innocent, but long kiss.  In three 
minutes, our tongues were at it, and soon we were taking turns 
invading each other's mouths.  I got so turned on--it was so tempting 
to grab her.  We stopped to "come up for air" every few minutes.  I 
could tell that Karen was really turned on too.  We ended up kissing 
for over half an hour.  Then, once when we paused, Karen said that 
was a good "first evening" and that she was going home!  She gave me 
a sly grin and asked me if I was still ready for this "relationship".  
At the time I was so turned on that she couldn't possibly get a 
reasoned answer out of me.

And she left.  I drove home, and masturbated in bed that night 
thinking about kissing Karen and wrapping my arms around her!

Well, the next day at work Karen told me to come over to her house 
for the evening.  She had made a gourmet dinner and we had wine, 
then she drew me into her bedroom.  I just stood there awkwardly--I 
really felt out of my element.  She had turned out all the other lights 
in the apartment and she came in and shut the door.  She told me to 
sit on the edge of the bed, then she turned out the light.  It was 
totally dark--I couldn't see the hand in front of my face.  I heard her 
come back to the bed and sit on the other side.  She told me to take 
off everything but my underpants and undershirt, then get under the 
covers.  I complied and I could hear her taking off clothing too.

Once we were both under the covers, she told me we were going to 
kiss again for a while.  We found each other, and once again we 
kissed.  She told me to go ahead and touch her face and she touched 
mine.  It was lovely torture again.  But this time she had more ideas.

After several minutes (it was hard to say how many--there wasn't 
even an illuminated alarm clock in the room), she told me to lay 
down under the covers face down.  After I did that, I felt her hand 
touching my side, then resting on my back, under the covers.  She 
told me to continue lying still.  Then she slipped her hand onto my 
back under my tee-shirt and started rubbing my back softly.  She 
told me to do the same to her.  I found her under the cover and rubbed 
her back softly.  I could feel that she was wearing a bra and panties 
and nothing else.  She would slip her hand through the band of my 
underpants too sometimes and rub my back all the way down to my 
ass cheeks.  I followed her lead and did the same.  We did that for a 
while, each squeezing each other's cheeks.  Then she slipped her 
finger into my crack right to my rear hole and started to finger it.  
Inside, I was going insane!  She told me to do the same!

I took my time, still squeezing and massaging her cheeks.  I slowly 
moved into the crack of her ass and found her rear hole.  I heard her 
breath catch!   She started pushing her finger into my rear hole!  "Do 
it to me, too," she said.  Soon we each had one finger in our asses.  
She moved closer.  Soon I felt her lips on my face, then they found 
my lips.  In seconds, we were invading each other's mouths again.  It 
was still absolutely dark and I couldn't see a thing.

Then the light came on--she had turned on a lamp by the bed.  It was 
too bright and I couldn't see anything.  She pulled away, taking her 
finger out of my rear and I followed her lead.  In a minute, I could 
see what she was doing: she had a jar of K.Y. Jelly and was putting 
some on her finger.  Then she took some under the covers and I saw 
her hand go to her own ass.  She gave me the jar and told me to cover 
my finger and my rear hole.  Before I was done, she turned out the 
light again.  In seconds, I felt her hand back in my underpants and her 
finger finding its way into my rear hole!  "Put it in me again!"  There 
was a desperate edge to her voice.  She started kissing me again.  I 
found her rear hole and pushed my lubricated finger in.  She was 
slipping her finger back and forth in my rear and I did the same.   
Even as we kissed, I felt her breath harder and harder, and we had to 
stop the kissing.  She whispered in my ear "Does it turn you on?"

"Yes!"  I said through clenched teeth.  She seemed to redouble her 
efforts and her body started really moving--I could tell she was 
about to come.

"Yes!  Yes!" she blurted.  I could still hear hear breaths coming faster 
and faster.  My cock was lying flat on the bed underneath my body 
and even though it had received no attention, I was on the verge.

When it was over, I more-or-less collapsed and lay there.  Karen 
turned on the light again and pushed the covers off--she wanted to 
see if I'd messed up her bed.  "We'll have to figure out some way to 
prevent that" she said with a sort of clinical interest.  I wasn't 
certain I liked all the possible solutions.

She gave me a robe and put on one herself and we got up and had a 
cup of coffee.  She asked me how I liked things so far and I said it 
was different enough to be interesting.  I ended up going home that 
night without wearing underpants--I had to carry them home to be 
washed.

The next day at work, Karen told me to pack some suitcases that 
evening and come over to her apartment.  We ate late, out at a chain 
restaurant after we had made room in her bedroom for my clothes 
and put them away.  When we got home, she wanted to go to bed and 
we both stripped down to underwear again, but this time with the 
lights on.  Then she showed me a double-ended dildo.  It was quite 
long though not too fat.  She smiled at me and got out K.Y. Jelly and 
covered it with it.  Then she told me to stand in front of her, facing 
away.  She lowered my underpants and applied K.Y. Jelly right to my 
rear hole.  Then she had me sit on the edge of the bed and she stood 
in front of me and had me do the same to her.  Then we both got on 
the bed and she told me to lie on my side facing away from her.  She 
slipped a finger into my rear and then a second one, then a third one.  
Then she pulled them out and put the dildo right up to my rear.  I felt 
the hugeness pressing.  She told me to relax.  I did my best and soon 
felt it filling me.  It was such an embarrassing feeling.  I heard and 
felt her shifting.  I glanced back and she was laying right next to me, 
facing away from me, guiding the other end of the dildo into her own 
rear.  Then she scooted around so our legs were interleaved and our 
shoulders were way apart.  She told me to push back on the dildo, 
hard.  "Now!" she said.  It pushed right into me--the feeling!  Our rear 
cheeks bumped.  "OK, back and forth: make it fuck you" she added.  It 
didn't quite work until she reached back and held it.  She told me to 
hold it too and our hands were touching.  "OK, harder!"  Once again, I 
could hear her breathing.  Soon we were both coming.

Afterward, she was giggling but I don't know what she was amused 
about.  She wanted to lie next to me and kiss, which we did for 15 
minutes.  Then we changed the bedsheets and she told me to get 
some condoms when I got the chance.  We went to bed, but nothing 
happened through the night.  In the morning I woke up to feel her 
fingering my rear hole.  When she saw I was awake, she told me to do 
the same.  She was giggling again.  We kissed a bit too, but that's all 
that happened.

That night, we went out to a movie, then came home and did some of 
the same things.  The next day, though, was different.  In the 
morning, Karen came into my office and told me to come with her.  It 
was in the middle of work, but she told me to take off a couple of 
hours.  She drove me across town to another office building.  We 
went in the office of a law firm where she talked to the receptionist 
for a minute, who directed us to one of the offices.

This office was beautiful, obviously one of the attorney's offices.  A 
woman came in--she looked to be in her forties and was very 
attractive with light brown hair tumbling down to her shoulders.  
She was dressed rather conservatively and I realized that she was 
an attorney and this was her office.  I felt a little inferior and I 
noticed that Karen was being very reticent and shy too.  The woman 
sat down in her office chair and Karen took my hand and led me 
around the woman's desk to where she was sitting.  Then pulled me 
down to kneel in front of the woman!  I looked up at the woman.  She 
was looking down on us without an ounce of humor.  She pulled up her 
skirt which was pleated and raised easily.  She was wearing garters 
and no panties!  Karen immediately went right between her legs and 
put her face right up to the woman's crotch.  I glanced up at the 
woman--she wasn't looking at us, but looking out her window.  She 
had a thoughtful expression on her face.  She idly put her hand on the 
back of Karen's head and in a few seconds, I could tell she was 
pulling.  Karen pulled out in a minute though, then she whispered in 
my ear "Lick her".

The woman was looking at me too and I approached and she grabbed 
my head and pushed it right into her crotch.  I started licking.  In a 
few seconds, I heart the woman laugh.  Then she said "Not bad, but 
you still have a lot to learn."  She pushed my head harder into her 
crotch and I licked faster and searched harder for the spot that 
would please her.  Then she pushed me away, and in a flash, Karen 
was licking again.  Soon, the woman was sitting on the edge of the 
chair with her legs spread wide, with both Karen and me squeezing 
in there to lick.  We did manage a little licking at the same time, but 
mostly we took turns as the woman alternately pulled me and then 
Karen to do the work.  Finally she came.  Karen indicated to me to 
keep kneeling there while she caught her breath.

When she finally did, she immediately ordered us to strip.  We both 
did so immediately.  I hadn't seen Karen nude before, but didn't get 
any chance to stare.   When I looked back at the woman, she had her 
blouse open and her breasts were exposed.  She had us both kneel in 
front of her and each take a breast in our mouth.  In a minute, she 
pushed Karen down to eat her again.  Then she was having us take 
turns eating and sucking and licking her nipples.  Soon she came 
again and we ended up kneeling again while she caught her breath.  
When she did, she buttoned her top and headed out.  As soon as she 
was gone, Karen told me to get dressed, quickly.  As soon as we had, 
we left.  I glanced at the receptionist and even though she was 
looking at her typing, I swear she had an amused look on her face.

That night, Karen and I stopped for a bite to eat, then she drove me 
out of the city into the suburbs.  We stopped at a house and knocked 
on the door.  A guy answered the door and let us in.  Once in the 
living room, another guy came in the room.  I notice right away that 
they both must be body-builders: they were both tall and about as 
muscular as I had ever seen.  Karen told me to kneel and knelt next to 
me.  One of the guys came right up to me and stood in front of me, 
the other, Karen.  She immediately unzipped his fly and started 
pulling out his cock.  The guy put his hands on her head.  She looked 
at me and gave me a little nod.  I realized that I'd gotten a lot more 
than I bargained for here.  I watched Karen for a second.  She 
immediately took the cock into her mouth and started sucking and 
moving her head back and forth.  The guy standing above me put his 
hand on the back of my head.  I took a deep breath and started.  I 
unzipped his zipper and pulled out his cock and put it in my mouth.  It 
didn't do a thing for me, but somehow it wasn't as gross as I might 
have guessed.  I imitated Karen's motion.  The guy grabbed the side of 
my head and started working his hips.  I saw that Karen was getting 
the same treatment.  She just sucked with her eyes closed and let 
the guy have his way with her.  I finally did the same.  It was so 
weird with my eyes closed to feel that cock slipping in and out of 
my mouth.  He was so strong, I knew there was no escape even if I 
wanted to.  And I had gotten him so excited that there was no 
stopping him.  Soon he was going faster and faster and finally I felt 
gobs of cum streaming into my mouth.  I knew I was supposed to 
swallow.

I opened my eyes.  Karen was giving the other guy's cock little licks 
and kisses--it was obvious that he had come.  I mimicked her.  In ten 
minutes, we were driving away.  When we got home, she got out the 
double-ended dildo and we repeated our performance.

The next morning we kissed for a while, then got up and had 
breakfast.  It was Saturday so we took our time.  Karen told me she 
was impressed with how well I stayed with the program.  Then she 
told me she'd see if I were up to the next step.  She had an evil little 
grin on her face.  After breakfast, she told me to come on and we 
went out to her car.  She drove us to the local university.  We parked 
on fraternity row and walked up to one of the houses.  A college kid 
let us in and took us to a bunch of guys in the living room.  They 
seemed to be expecting us and gathered around us.   Then a bunch of 
them grabbed me and I felt a gag go into my mouth.  I looked at 
Karen--they had grabbed and gagged her too and she was struggling.  
She looked at me and I could tell she was angry and scared.  I started 
struggling to get away, but there were too many of them.  They tied 
our hands behind us and carried us downstairs into the basement.  
There they tied us to a ping-pong table, bent over so our bodies were 
laying face down, our legs dangling, and our asses on the edge.  Then 
I felt them cutting away my clothes.  I looked at Karen--they were 
doing the same thing to her.  Soon we were both nude.  I felt them 
lubricating my rear hole!  Karen was struggling.  There were lots of 
guys there, and they were laughing.  Soon I felt a finger in my rear, 
and another.  In just a minute, they pulled them out and I felt a cock 
at my rear.  The guy told me I'd relax if I was smart.  I had no choice.  
Soon the guy was fucking away.  Karen was getting the same thing.

The two guys were done pretty soon, then two other guys took their 
place.  I couldn't believe this.  Soon I was laying there without 
struggling, trying my best to take it as best I could.  They slammed 
into me.  I could see Karen's body jarred with each thrust.  After 
them were more guys.  And more.

After a while, they were done.  And they left us.  We both struggled a 
bit, but didn't make any progress getting away.  We lay there for 
minutes on end, hours.  Then they came back and did it all again.  
They talked about whose turn it was to do which of us.  And then 
they left us a while and came back again.  This went on all day, and 
then all night too!  Between sessions, we could hear them partying.    
Just after dawn, once when they came down, I heard the voice of a 
girl with them.  She was amused and they gave her a little 
demonstration of what they had been doing.  They asked her if she 
were interested in doing anything to us.   She laughed.  She asked 
them if they had a leather belt or something.  Soon she was whipping 
my ass.  One of the guys found a real whip.  She practiced on us, and 
was soon giving us strokes like a pro.  Another girl came down and 
soon we were getting simultaneous whippings; they were taking 
turns using the whip on me and the belt on Karen, and vice versa.

Then the girls left and the guys untied us.  They took us outside to 
Karen's car.  I still remember being out there, nude, for all to see.  
They left us in the car.  We had no clothes, though they left us our 
wallets (all the cash gone) and our keys.  Karen got down on the floor 
and I drove.  I drove out to a deserted country road where we waited 
in some abandoned barnyard until well after midnight.  Then we 
drove over to Karen's apartment and made a dash to get inside.  We 
both showered and went to bed.  We lay next to each other, 
speechless, not touching or anything.

The next morning we kissed.  Karen didn't talk about our experience.  
That night, and every day that week, all we did was kiss.  On Friday 
evening, Karen told me to dress up for dinner.  She was cooking 
away, obviously going all out, and I noticed that she had set four 
places.  She was dressed to kill--I'd never seen her so sexy.

The doorbell rang and when I answered it, I was in for a shock.  
There were two of the most gorgeous ladies I'd ever seen--identical 
twins!  They both reminded me of Sherry--tall, blonde, hugh chests, 
perfect figures.  Karen introduced them to me as Mary and Marge.  
They were dressed in identical tight little dresses and they both 
wore some of the highest heels I'd ever seen.  Karen served drinks 
and then pulled me into the bedroom.  Once we were there, she 
showed me a strap-on dildo and gave me an evil grin.  I had a good 
feeling about the evening.

We ate and talked, and soon were drinking an after-dinner glass of 
wine.  Mary (or Marge?) made a comment about what we might do 
next.  Karen said she and I had a little game that we play with 
female guests, but that they wouldn't be interested.  I knew she was 
up to something.  They professed that they were interested, and 
Karen described this game where the women each draw a card, and 
the woman with the lowest card is tied to the table and I fuck her 
ass!  Believe it or not, they both were intrigued, and soon we were in 
the dining room shuffling cards!   One of the twins (Mary?) got the 
low card.  Karen had her strip, and lean over the dining table.  She 
blindfolded her and tied her so she lay on the table in the vulnerable 
position.  Then while Karen and Marge watched, I proceeded to do her 
ass.  Karen provided K.Y. Jelly and I got her ready with my fingers, 
but was soon going to town.  And was my cock ready!  I had had a lot 
of sex since the last time my cock was inside a woman!  She was 
something, too, wriggling the whole time, obviously enjoying every 
second.

Karen didn't make any move to untie Mary when I was done.  Instead, 
she shuffled again, and picked again with Marge.  Karen got the low 
number.  I gave her a silent, questioning look, and she gave me an 
imperceptible nod.  And she started getting undressed!  So Marge and 
I tied her to the table next to Mary.  And then I was faced with the 
task of fucking Karen's ass.  And I must admit that it was an inviting 
task--she didn't have the body that Mary had, but I had been panting 
for that body for two weeks now.  My cock didn't have any trouble 
getting up for the task even though I'd just finished with Mary.  
Somehow, I knew I might not ever get another chance like this.  
Marge just watched us, a combination of anticipation and glee on her 
face.  I prepared Karen's ass, then started pushing my cock in.  She 
felt so good.  I gave her long, slow strokes, then started picking up 
the pace.  I felt her body moving and soon she was doing her best to 
push her body back into mine!  I held her hips and continued fucking.  
It was so beautiful--I wanted it to last forever.  I reached under and 
touched her clit.  I could feel her body shudder and soon we were 
both coming.  Marge just stood there, transfixed at the sight.

After a minute to recover, with Karen and Mary still tied up, I 
thought about what Karen wanted me to do now.  Finally, I shuffled 
the cards and Marge and I each drew one.  She drew the higher card.  
We both laughed and tried again.  This time she had the lower card.

After I had Marge blindfolded and tied to the table, I immediately 
untied Karen.  She was so excited she looked like a kid at an 
amusement park.  She quickly went upstairs and came back down 
with her strap-on dildo.  She quickly put it on, and took care of 
Marge herself.  Then she did Mary while I did Marge.

That night Karen took one of the twins to bed with her while I took 
the other twin to the guest bedroom.  The twin I got did absolutely 
everything I asked her to.  We did it so many ways that night.  In the 
morning, Karen informed us that the twins were staying and there 
would be some rules: both twins were to be called Girl and when 
either Karen or I asked for Girl, whichever was closest would come.  
They would stay in the apartment all the time, nude.  They would 
obey us exactly, keep the apartment clean, do the cooking, and each 
night, one would stay with each of us.

And that's how its been ever since.  I can't tell them apart 
physically, and Karen seems to want to keep them interchangeable, 
but I did notice that one of them seems to like me--she seems to go 
out of her way to stay closer to me in case I call, and seems to go to 
extra trouble when I have her in bed.  I told Karen and she has me 
seeing if I can get the woman to break the habit: I punish her for no 
reason and show favoritism to her sister, while Karen is sweeter to 
her.  The woman still seems to like me no matter what we do.  Karen 
doesn't seem to mind too much as long as they both remain obedient.
