                OPEN MARRIAGE        "PASSION'S PEAK"        By  ELLEN 
 
                A development company recently contracted Bill for an 
           engineering consulting job in the Carolinas. I usually don't go 
           with Bill on his business trips, but because he would be gone for 
     3 weeks, I accompanied him. The firm's architect, Fred, and his 
           wife, Linda, who were leaving on vacation, let us stay in their 
           home. 
 
                We'd met them the previous evening, just before they drove 
     to the airport. Fred insisted, "We don't mind you using our home. 
           There isn't another house within a mile, so we're glad to have 
           someone look after the property!" Fred's a personable, balding 
           man in his forties. His wife, Linda, a secretary for a local 
     banker, is in her late twenties, trim and attractive. 
 
                Perched atop a high mountain, the home overlooks expanses of 
           forested mountains and the distant town where Bill would be 
     working. Even if we'd tried, we couldn't have found a hotel room 
           with this exquisite a view. 
 
                An hour after Bill had left for work the next morning, I 
           awoke, lifting my robe from a chair. In my transparent nightgown, 
     I walked to the kitchen. I heated a cup of diet hot chocolate, 
           draped the robe over my lap and sat on the couch as I gazed out 
           the broad window. The sun's crimson rays rippled through puffs of 
     clouds, above a sea of fog extending almost to the mountain's 
           peak. 
 
                Hearing an engine humming up the winding unpaved road toward 
           the home, I slipped on the crimson satin robe. I peered through 
           the front door's glass.  A blond, lean and muscular six footer, 
d white slacks, climbed from the jeep, 
           reached for his briefcase, and strode toward the house. He 
           knocked, then boomed, "Linda? Fred?" 
 
                I tied the robe's belt, opened the door, and smiled, "I'm 
      Ellen. Linda and Fred left on vacation. My husband and I their 
           'official' house-sitters."
 
                Frustrated, he apologized, "Sorry. My name's Jack; I'm a 
           vice president at the bank. Linda's my secretary. I was hoping 
     I'd get here before they left. I'd told her that it would be a 
           couple of months before I'd need some documents she's been 
           working on at home. I received a call this morning from a bank 
        customer that the deal's going through on Friday, so I hoped I'd 
           catch Linda before she and Fred left." His voice was slow and 
           modulated, a trace of a southern accent. He was, well...handsome.
 
                "Come in," I offered. Closing the door behind him, I 
     suggested, "Perhaps we can find the papers." He thanked me, and 
           we located the papers within minutes on the architect's desk, 
           alongside an electric typewriter.
 
                He flipped through the file folder, saying, "Just like 
 Linda! The work's finished. Letter perfect, research and all! 
           She's the world's greatest secretary!"
                      
                "Nice compliment," I commented, glancing to his gold wedding 
 to my half-filled cup, asking, "You like hot 
           chocolate?"
 
                Nodding affirmatively, he laughed, "I don't need to get to 
           work so early anyway, since the work's finished."  
 
                As we talked on the couch, I explained why Bill wasn't home. 
      Jack's blue eyes grazed my body. I glanced to a mirror atop a 
           bookcase, seeing that my robe was open, exposing a generous 
           portion of my breasts through the transparent nightgown. 
     Pretending I hadn't notice his stare, I walked to the kitchen to 
           fill a pitcher of chocolate as a frightful drumbeat fluttered 
           within my breast.  I sat alongside him as I poured, my legs bent 
           beneath me. 
 
                I appraised Jack's perfectly healthy complexion, not tanned 
     but palely reddish. His eyes glinted, gazing now and then to the 
           robe's open neck. We fell silent. Trembling, I licked the dryness 
           of my lips. His hand brushed mine. My lips parted as he leaned to 
     kiss me. My tremoring arms encircled his neck as his lips crushed 
           mine. I whimpered. His hands were now beneath the robe, caressing 
           my heaving breasts. My nipples were standing out like spikes.
              He stood, pressing my body to his, his long hardness 
           throbbing against my groin and thigh.
 
                The telephone rang! I pulled away, lifting the receiver, and 
           gulped, "VanRyser's residence." Jack's lips had enveloped a firm, 
             It was Bill. "I'm in a bind, Ellen. I need some records from 
           a downtown law office, and the lawyers don't have a messenger. No 
           one else is here. I was wondering if you could do it for me?"
 
                My voice quaking, I responded, "Just tell me where and how." 
      I started to say playfully that he could sure pick some great 
           times to call me, but I didn't want Bill to think I was 
           complaining about the favor he was requesting. Anyway I doubted 
     that Jack would have believed me, had I told him I had my 
           husband's approval. Hanging up, I suggested to Jack, "Are you 
           free tonight?"
 
                He was stunned, a bit nervous, so I lied, "Bill's leaving 
     for Florida early this afternoon. I'm alone for the evening." 
 
                He smiled. His wife was in Toronto for a club convention, he 
           told me, adding, "What time?"
 
                When I arrived at the developer's office, I told Bill what 
    had happened. 
 
           before Jack arrives."
 
                At 7:30 that night, Bill was relaxing in a patio folding 
           chair in the master bedroom's walk-in closet. I was sitting on 
           the couch, attired in a white satin dress, slit to the thigh, 
     pretending to read an Architect's Digest while I awaited Jack's 
           arrival. I was too nervous to read. A feeling like fear grips my 
           stomach when I feel aroused. My breath was huffing like a 
toy train. 
 
                The doorbell clanged.
 
                A 15-mile-an-hour wind was blowing through the foyer as I 
           held the door open for Jack. At 5'8", I was only 4 inches shorter 
           than Jack, but the red western boots beneath his dress gray jeans 
      added 2 inches to his tall figure. He stepped in from the 
           darkness, kissing me as he pushed the door closed behind him. 
           Handing me a bottle of champagne, he breathed, "You're 
           beautiful." 
              Smiling, I took his sheep-collared waist jacket, hung it in 
           the entryway's closet, then turned on trembling knees to retrieve 
           a couple of wine glasses. His blue western-style shirt was 
           tailored like a glove. Handing him the frosted glass, I remarked, 
        "You changed clothes." 
 
                He nodded affirmatively. "Uh huh. Showered, shaved, et 
           cetera. Had to do something to calm my nerves tonight."  
 
                I'd clicked on the stereo and turned off all but the 
     decorative red-bulbed dining room chandelier, bathing the room in 
           a soft crimson glow. A slow melody was drifting from the room's 
           four speakers. He beckoned me to dance.
 
                My legs were shaking, my breasts heaving in desire. My 
     slender body seemed particularly small and vulnerable as I leaned 
           my head against his chest. Jack's fingers stroked my shoulder 
           length black hair, his lips tracing a senuous path down my neck 
oft fullness of my breasts. His manhood  was 
           growing in the tight slacks, throbbing against my groin and 
           thigh, as his hips pressed mine. My tremoring body was now as 
           pliant as putty, my heart pounding so hard I couldn't breathe.
               The song ended. I trembled as he swept me up to carry me 
           down the long hallway to the master bedroom. Joyous tears pooled 
           in my eyes. 
 
                I'd forgotten Bill who was watching from the closet, only a 
     dozen feet from the bed where I lay in the dimness. I moaned 
           beneath the tall form standing above me. Jack removed my shoes, 
           then my red satin belt, unwrapping the dress to find I wore 
     nothing beneath. He was staring at my breasts, my stomach, my 
           shaved mound, as he popped loose the snaps of his western shirt. 
           His slacks slid down his hips. 

                I gasped! His engorged manhood burst free, curving up more 
     than a foot from a patch of thick dark hair. "Oh, my GOD!" I 
           muttered, fearfully, my eyes wide. Although I was having second 
           thoughts, I pulled his hips near. He knelt alongside the bed. My 
           quivering lips parted. My mouth enwrapped his cock, gliding along 
     the frightening length. 
 
                My eyes rolled up to look at him. His eyes were glazed with 
           lust as he disengaged and lay alongside me. 
 
                I glanced to the closet door Bill had left ajar. Unable to 
would now be feeling my own mad desire, 
           pumping - as he always did while watching - his hardened cock in 
           the closet's darkness. I closed my eyes, relishing Jack's gentle 
           hands exploring the soft curves of my body. My nipples tingled as 
      his lips closed around a hard, reddened spike. Impassioned fear 
           churned within my stomach; I pursed my lips, hissing in desire, 
           as his tongue twisted a winding path to my shaved mound. 
              I thrust my hips to his face, grinding my cunt against his 
           mouth, my heart pounding a wanton drumbeat as his tongue twirled 
           over my clitoris. I wailed at the thrills rippling through me 
           like an electric current coursing across a thunder-laden sky. 
     Clasping my thighs around his ears, I dug my heels into his back 
           as fiery explosions blossomed within my pussy. Tears of joy 
           streaked along my cheeks like rivulets of rain on a jetliner's 
     windows. 
 
                I pulled him above me until his knees were straddling my 
           breasts. He braced his arms against the headboard above me. My 
           lips stretched widely as I took his rubbery monster in my mouth. 
     My head bobbed as my tongue slurped along its length. Now, beyond 
           lust, I was WORSHIPING this broad, purplish cock thrusting down 
           the moistness of my throat. His instrument hammered into my mouth 
           until my passion was unbearable; my voice muffled by his wide 
lease, Jack, I WANT you! I can't WAIT 
           any longer!" 
 
                My hips gyrated expectantly. My long legs now opened eagerly 
           to accept his huge curving cock floating toward the lips of my 
      vagina. I shivered; realizing that his manhood was much longer 
           and broader than any I'd ever encountered, I whimpered with 
           fright as he pushed past my cuntal folds. 
 
                He was splitting me apart! I screamed softly. Shocks rippled 
     through my groin as he pressed on, my vaginal walls expanding 
           incredibly for this giant tool. Yet I'd rather have died than 
           have him stop now. Red coals of passion smoldered in my vagina. I 
        loved every inch of this massive freight train slowly puffing 
           into my smoking tunnel. 
 
                Jack was clearly aware of the difficulty, although I was 
           crying as much in pleasure as in pain. Finally, he was as far 
     into my gushing depths as he could push. My pain disappeared, 
           replaced by blinding rapture. He rode me with a fury, my cunt now 
           burning in our forbidden fires. My legs enveloped his hardened 
           torso, my shaved mound quivering up to match every steaming 
    thrust. 
 
                In the stunning thrills of fucking Jack, I'd forgotten Bill; 
           but as I thrashed my head side to side, I glimpsed my husband's 
           nude form step from the closet to watch Jack's magnificent weapon 
ng cunt. Logic and will abandoned me; I was 
           far too lost in this hurricane of passion to acknowledge my 
           husband by smiling at him as I normally would while he pumped his 
           engorged cock. 
 
                The emblazoned yolks of Jack's eyes rolled as he plunged 
     into me. I opened my mouth widely as if this would somehow expand 
           my cunt further to accept Jack's final inches. 
 
                Bill jaw was sagging as he pumped his full length in a fury. 
     Jack's body and mine pulsated with a radiance. Our explosion was 
           imminent. Bill's intense stare told me that his mind and Jack's 
           were now one.
 
                I cried out as Jack's flames united with mine into a blazing 
     inferno; we shuddered with each thrust, our eyes glazing, craving 
           the ultimate gratification - release from this overwhelming 
           passion. 
 
                I mewed, "Oh, FUCK me, Jack! FUCK ME-E-E-E-E!" Raging tides 
     of passion coursed through my body. Delerious, I screamed,"Oh! 
           God help me, Jack! I LOVE you, Jack! I LO-O-O-O-VE YOU!" I loved 
           him, loved in adultery, uniting in flesh that which was already 
           in our minds and souls.
             And then! OH GOD! It happened in a blinding flash! We were 
           coming in thunderous waves. Our orgasms burst in a super-nova of 
           pleasure, raging through my creaming cuntal walls. My mind was 
           exploding with fiery fragments that spider-legged like a billion 
oss the evening skies.  
 
                Jack's lips grazed my breasts in the blissful after-glow of 
           our adultery,  our arms entertwined for an eternity of a half 
           minute. As I fluttered to earth, I remembered Bill. 
               I looked over Jack's shoulder. My husband had returned to 
           the closet and closed the door. 
 
                I smiled. Now, because of my unquenchable desire for the 
           largest male member I'd ever known, my husband would have to 
     remain there until morning. Jack would be mine for the night! Our 
           journey into passion has just begun.
 
                Jack forced me to turn. My knees sunk into the red satin 
           sheets like coconuts into quicksand, my hands braced against the 
     wall above our headboard. His large hands grasped my hips. The 
           yolks of my eyes rolled madly as his massive member was entering 
           my vagina from the rear. I moaned. My husband was now in the 
    closet, hearing all but unable to see us. 
 
                I turned to look back, awed by Jack's huge cock. My pursed 
           lips formed an "oh" as I watched the instrument pushing deeply 
           into my excitedly-lubricated cunt. I spread my knees ever wider 
     as the length and breadth filled me. Sobbing in desire, I reached 
           to caress his member behind me, my hand tremoring. He slowly 
           thrust into me until I was whimpering with pleasure, "I LOVE you, 
!" I sucked in my breath at the stunning 
           sensations. I stared as he fucked into my depths, my lips parted 
           in wonder. We shared a sigh. I couldn't tear my eyes from his 
           cock, which was now bulging at its base, in an impending 
      explosion, as he groaned, his hips rolling and shuddering. 
 
                I gasped! Jack's firm manhood was expanding to an incredible 
           size with the onrushing tidal wave of a massive orgasm. My 
           clitoris fluttered unbearably as if to tell me we were to be 
     coming together in a mind boggling finale! My back arched 
           expectantly, my fingers digging into his hips behind me. I 
           wailed, a long, modulated shreik of passion.
 
                And then, we were exploding in rapture! Crying with wild 
        abandon, I tremored like a tree in an earthquake. His warm semen 
           burst through my channel, the creamy fluid splattering my inner 
           walls, washing over his cock, which was now erupting with a 
     volcanic flow of steaming lava. I was sobbing, spinning, in a 
           thrilling roller coaster ride down pleasure's glowing corridor.
 
                We fluttered back to earth, collapsing in gratification. His 
     fingers stroked the small of my back as he whispered, "You're 
           beautiful, you know."
 
                "Thank you," I responded softly, turning to him. "So are 
           you." I stroked his cock, now soft and pliable, glistening 
           beneath the moonlight that filtered through the transparent 
         We showered in the orange glow of the bathroom's dim 
           lighting. I was on my knees, pleasuring him with my lips until 
           his magnificent manhood was curving up like a Turkish sceptre. 
                Pulling me to my feet, he forced my back to the red-tiled 
           wall, pushing my legs apart. I struggled half-heartedly, even now 
           afraid of his length and breadth, as the water pounded my face. 
     Turning my head away from the shower's storm as he entered me, I 
           shut my eyes, whimpering. My hands pressed against the shower 
           walls in helpless abandon. Steam was rolling around the warm air 
           of the shower like ocean spray in a Florida hurricane. As I 
     thrashed beneath him, I banged my head against the shower door, 
           causing its glass to shudder. My cuntal muscles were in spasm 
           from his godawful size! 
 
                I loved him but feared him. "GOD!" I screamed as Jack's 
     weapon slithered mercilessly through my depths, "Drive it INTO 
           me, Jack! Your cock is KILLING me! FUCK me, Jack! Oh, GOD! You're 
           splitting me APART!" I wrapped my legs around his hips, fucking 
     back against him. He pressed my back to the floor as I cried out 
           in passion. In the steam, his face was now unrecognizable, as if 
           I were being fucked by an unknown lover in a warm fog. 
 
                Our desire went into overdrive. I was a galactic surfer, 
pleasure wave, washing across a cosmic sea to 
           a splendored shore. Logic and will had now abandoned me amid a 
           firestorm on a planet in a timeless universe. My clitoris 
           shuddered. The planet's core was about to erupt.
               And then! The glowing stars exploded in supernova. I was 
           slipping through a long, shuddering tunnel in pleasurable 
           darkness as I came, then came again, and again, and OH GOD, 
           AGAIN, my mind shattering into gratified fragments.
              Finally, at 4 a.m., I lay sleeping, a leg over his, an arm 
           over his chest, until a movement stirred me. He slumbered. I 
           stared down at his awesome cock. I worshiped it with my lips and 
     tongue, then slept again, awakening with the morning sun rippling 
           through the windows. Jack was gone. 
 
                But Bill lay alongside me. Grinning.  
 
                Jack visited three times a week until Bill's project was 
     completed. I gave myself eagerly. Finally, two nights before we 
           were to return to Florida, I told Jack about my husband's 
           penchant for "watching." 
 
                On our last night, the day before Thanksgiving, Jack, Bill, 
     and I drank white wine as we watched a video in the family room. 
           Jack sat alongside me on the floor, our backs against the couch, 
           while Bill sat in a chair across the room. 
 
                Jack pulled me to him. We removed the other's clothing. I 
owering my hips as his long cock submarined 
           through my molten channel. Moaning, I was impaled on his staff. 
           Electric thrills throbbed through my legs; Jack's smooth skin 
           brushed the insides of my thighs as he fucked me.
               Bill hovered above me, his arms braced on the couch. I 
           unzipped his fly, pulling out his manhood. My tremoring lips 
           glistened along Bill's length as Jack thrust his splendid tool 
gh my steaming walls. 
 
                I was thankful as the two men fucked me. Thankful, because I 
           love Bill. I also love adultery. Thankful, because I don't have 
           to choose between the two. Thankful that my depths had never been 
     so filled. 
           end
nd
