Password
by SD

Part 1

It had been frustrating day spent in meetings that went nowhere,
and it was shaping up as an equally frustrating night.  There was
nothing to do at night in this quiet northern California town.
The hotel was nearly empty - how many people could there be who
wanted to come to this place - and wasn't even equipped for PCs,
so Patricia couldn't read her email or access her favorite BBS.
Oh, well, she'd go to bed early and get an early start tomorrow.
She could be home in a few hours if she got out of here early and
beat the traffic to the airport in SF.  She'd told the office she
would be here for a few days, but one day of being kept waiting
for meetings in which no one said anything was enough to
convince her this trip was a waste of time.  She had no idea why
they'd invited her up here; they obviously weren't interested
in her firm's services.  She'd tried to place a call to the
office to say she'd be leaving tomorrow, but the switchboard kept
telling her the lines were busy.  If she found her subordinates
were calling the WHIP line again, they'd get all the punishment
they could ever want. She'd turn in now; glancing out the window
at the darkened stores and empty streets, it looked like everyone
else in town was already in bed.

She was startled out of her dream to find her a towel over her nose
and mouth, then she descended into darkness.  She awakened in what
seemed to be the office of a kinky gynecologist. Not that she could
see much of it.  There were bright, hot lights to either side of and
above her head, and the blinding white light was about all she could
see.  It was too bright to bear so she closed her eyes.  What made it
seem a gy's office was that she was in stirrups, but this was the
first time she'd had her ankles strapped into them.  Patricia was
laying naked on a table with her feet up and locked and straps 
across her waist and chest.  The strap across her waist had additions
to it for her wrists; she tried pulling her hands out, but they were
buckled too tightly. She tried to shake the stirrups loose and to move
the straps, but nothing gave.  She wasn't getting out of this until
whoever put her here chose to release her.  

  "Nice to see you're awake, Ms.V" came from someplace near her;
she opened her eyes but could still see nothing so she closed them
again. 

  "Who are you and what do you think you're doing ?  Don't you know
this is kidnapping ?" she said.

  "Who I am is not important, I think I'm conducting an
interrogation, and yes, I know this is a kidnapping.  I'm hoping you'll
be sensible so it doesn't become something worse". 

 "An interrogation ?  What is it that I might know that anyone would
want to interrogate me ?  You must have mistaken me for someone else,
please let me go.  I won't tell anyone about this." 

 "That's correct, you won't.  But you're not correct about the 
mistake, or about you not knowing anything valuable.  A certain LA
businessman of your aquaintance was playing a game with you and a
Master you know well.  This game involved torturing him until he
revealed a certain password.  The password he plaoed in an envelop
to have beaten out of him was, foolishly, a genuine password, one
that permits access to a large fund he manages.  The Master destroyed
the envelope after your friend gave up the password, but both the
Master and you heard it.  The Master cannot be located at this time;
should the businessman disappear or be found dead the password would
surely be changed.  This means that you are the only source for a bit
of data worth tens of millions of dollars, and you are going to tell
us what it is.  If you are smart you'll tell me now and spare yourself
any further discomfort, if not, ... you'll still tell me". 

 "Yeah, well what happens if I do tell you ?", the victim asked.

  "I can see you realize that you would be a loose end that could
cost us millions should you talk.  Obviously we can't release you.
But don't worry, we aren't going to kill you.  We have made
arrangements with a special house in Bancock to deliver you
there.  They offer discrete services to men who like a helpless
victim.  In a couple years we'll have siphoned enough money out
of the fund, untraceably, to all retire wealthy.  All you have to
do is survive two years of daily torture and sexual service and
you'll be free".  Sure, she thought.  If they're telling the truth,
and if I survive in that hellhole for two whole years, and if 
they're successful, and if they remember to make a call, and if
the bordello will surrender an asset, then I'll be free.  Chance of
all that is about zero.  I've got to hold out till a can find a way
out of this, she thought.

"Well, Ms. V, what do you say ?"

  "Look, when I'm in a scene I'm pretty distracted, I wouldn't 
notice or remember a word of what was said".

  "For both our sakes, dear lady, I hope you're lying. Fortunately, we
have time to find out.  Your foolish friend is on vacation, and you're
not expected back for several days.  This gives us plenty of time to
play before we must have the password".

"First let's make certain you're going into this with your pretty
eyes open", her tormentor said as he pulled Patricia's left eye
open and clamped it up, then did the same to her right,
subjecting her hazel eyes to the painfully bright lights.  The
appliance fitted about her head to hold the clamps also had two
thin tubes, which started dripping into her eyes.  "Just a saline
solution very close to human tears.  There'll be a drip in an
alternating eye each ten seconds.  We don't want your eyeballs
to dry out.  You WILL be blind if you look into this light too
long, but that will take a while, and I'm sure you'll come around
before then. I hope you do realize that neither your value to us
nor your value to your new home-to-be is dependent on your retaining
your vision.  They might even prefer a blind victim that none of
their American guests need worry will someday identify them.  I
hope you see the light before your obstinance does any lasting
damage to your vision".

"I always like to start with the old standbys", he said as he
brought out a couple nasty alligator clamps.  He fingered
Patricia's nipples till they stood up some more, then applied
the clamps to her nipples.  She gasped and shuddered as the teeth
bit into her sensitive flesh.  He then applied clothes pins
liberally to her breasts and belly and sides and down to her
buttocks and thighs.  He attached a device containing a pair of
large, tight chrome clamps with serrated edges onto the table,
then fastened one clamp onto each pussy lip, wringing a cry from
her other lips.  He then spread her labia and began fingering her,
gently caressing her clitoris, slowly, rhythmicly, with gradually
increasing speed and pressure.  Her hips were one of the few
parts of Patricia's body that still had any range of motion, and
as he continued manipulating her, she began to moan and her hips
began to grind. Doing so stretched her labia in their clamps, but
she couldn't help trying to increase the friction on her clit.
"OOOO - PLEASE - AHHHH", she said, despite her best efforts to
resist her growing excitement. 

  "We could have so much fun if you'd just say the word, Patricia.
There are a great many ways I could make you happy, if you'd just
cooperate.  But if you won't, there are many more ways to make
scream", he said as he released her clitoris and grasped and twisted
a nipple clamp.

 "ARGH - OOOO - GOD - IIIEEEE - PLEASE -AAAAA - STOP - OHH - PLEASE STOP -
AAAAA".  

  "I can make you say the same things in many ways.  I'd so much
rather do it with pleasure than pain. Tell me the password, Patricia.
Please tell me, you can't think I enjoy doing this to you". 

 "To hell you don't".

  "Heh, you're right, I do enjoy hurting you, dear.  I can go on 
doing this all night.  Can you hold out as long ?".  He had the other
clamp now and was twisting both and she was screaming and crying 
and madly bucking against the unyielding restraints. 

  "PLEASE STOP PLEASE I'LL FUCK I'LL SUCK OH GOD NO PLEASE STOP I'LL
MAKE YOU SO HAPPY PLEEESE I CAN'T TAKE ANYMORE !  OH GOD THEY'RE 
BLEEDING - YOU'RE RIPPING THEM OFF ! YOU'RE KILL ME - UGHH !  I'LL DO
ANYTHING YOU WANT ME TO !" 

 "I WANT YOU TO TELL ME THE PASSWORD !" 
 
 "I DON'T KNOW IT, I SWEAR TO GOD I DON'T KNOW IT, I'D TELL YOU IF I
COULD, OH GOD I WISH I COULD".

  He stopped twisting her nipples.  "I don't believe you, Ms. V, but
you're right, if I keep this up your nips will be torn off, and I
have other uses for them".  He removed the clamps and the increased
blood flow in her bruised and bleeding nipples made the pain even
worse.  As she lay sobbing quietly, he stepped away and opened a
cabinet, the sound filling her with dread as she imagined so many
dire instruments that he might be withdrawing.  When he returned,
it was with a bottle of antipseptic and an astrigent cream.  He
grasped her bloodied right nipple and opened the wound as far as
possible and poured the antiseptic directly into it, making her
gasp, and repeated the process on her left nipple, bringing a yelp.
He then rubbed the burning astringent cream into her nipples. 

  "Well, how do you feel so far, Ms. V ?  I'll let you think over
your position a bit.  No matter what happens, you're going to be
held here for a few days before we ship you overseas.  We can have
a lot of fun before you become a part of "the scene" that's part of
"the life".  Or I can spend that time hurting you.  If I haven't
made you talk by then, we'll know you don't know what the password
is, and you'll still go overseas.  We've already accepted the payment
for you, and we won't give it back, not if that's all we're going to
make from this affair.  It won't bother them if you show up somewhat
the worse for wear.  By the way, in case you've any thoughts that it
would be better to hang tough and die here than to go overseas: you're
probably right, it would be.  But it won't happen; it's not an option.
YOU HAVE NO OPTIONS.  You can resist and struggle and give me grief,
and cause yourself a lot of avoidable pain, but in the end your fate
will be the same no matter what you do".

With that he removed the reminder of the clamps and pins from
Patricia's body, allowing the resumption of the blood flow return
pain to parts that had been approaching blissful numbness, and left
her to her thoughts.  She lay there trembling despite the heat and
sweating as she shivered.  The eye drips seemed a pointless effort,
as so many tears had come from her burning eyes and so much sweat
had poured into them that there was little prospect of them drying 
out.  She lay there and tried franticly to think of some way out of
this, but could see none.  She lay there and remembered every device
she had ever felt, or seen, or heard of, and imagined each of them
was waiting beyond the white wall that filled her eyes.  She lay
immobile and helpless and imagined unimaginable pain.  Her heart
was pounding and the fear ate away a cold hollow space in her
stomach, but her chest was hot and her loins were throbbing.
Her mouth was bone dry while her crotch was moist, not entirely
from perspiration.  Feelings of dread and desire and expectations
of pain and pleasure intermingled, and time seemed to slow as she
waited for the session to resume.


