Pat
by deirdre

Something *was* different.  It just wasn't that I was a visitor now.  It 
was the first time I went back home from college.  The house was the 
same.  So were Cheryl and my mom.  No, *they* were different.  Maybe 
Cheryl was taller than I remembered her.  She was more confident.  
Before, she had always been unsure of herself.  Mom... she seemed 
diffident.  She always had been a bit timid--I really knew that in the 
back of my mind.  Perhaps she hadn't changed at all.  Things just seemed 
different with Cheryl so confident.

I couldn't believe it!  I thought I must be seeing things, or 
exaggerating it in my memory: when Mom had walked by Cheryl, she had 
casually patted Mom's rear!  It was too weird.  But she did it again 
later--more than once.  She didn't even seem to be thinking about it and 
Mom didn't so much as blink!

"Cheryl!" I said when we were alone, my voice rushed and, well, 
desperate, "what's with... patting Mom's behind?"

"What?  Oh, ... good grief!  It's nothing!"  She giggled.

"It's *weird*!  What if someone were to see you?"

"Oh, don't worry about it."  She seemed so casual.  I paused.  She went 
on "*She* doesn't mind."  As far as I had seen she was correct.

"Why are you doing this?"  I was still agitated.

"It's *nothing*!" she said, then added "Do you have a dirty mind?"  I 
stared at her open-mouthed.  "She's in great shape in case you haven't 
noticed, and she's kind of proud of her ass."

"Cheryl!" I think my voice squeaked.

"She *likes* it to be patted!"  I still stared at her.  "Mom!  Come 
here!" she said calling out of the room.

"What are you doing?" I said, whispering, my voice rushed again.  Mom 
walked in.

"Turn around," said Cheryl cheerfully, and Mom wordlessly turned around.  
Cheryl patted her rear twice, and then let her hand linger.  Mom didn't 
even move a muscle, but just stood there facing away from us!

"Go lean on the table," said Cheryl and Mom stepped forward to the 
dining room table and leaned over the edge, propping herself with her 
elbows.  She *still* didn't turn around at all!

Cheryl walked up to her, then glancing back at me with a little smile, 
reached around Mom's waist, undid her pants and pulled them down!  Then 
she had her panties down too, both around her knees!  Her rear, 
completely bare, just like that!  Mom just leaned there!  I glanced at 
the window, thinking about someone looking in.  I should have screamed, 
but I just stared, my heart in my throat.

"See how cute it is?" said Cheryl, "Come here!"  I think I mumbled 
incoherently, but didn't manage any more answer than that.  I came.  
Cheryl put her hand on Mom's rear and started to caress, making small 
circling motions.  Mom still didn't move a muscle!  "She loves this sort 
of attention," added Cheryl.  Her fingers were pushing into the crack of 
Mom's rear.  I saw Mom start a little, but otherwise, she didn't move, 
just facing away from us.  Cheryl put the fingers of her other hand in 
her mouth and was sucking.  Then she changed hands, and I could tell she 
was pushing a finger right on Mom's rear hole!  She pushed it in!  Mom 
still didn't move except for her breathing which was definitely getting 
more pronounced.  Cheryl giggled again.

Soon she was moving her finger in and out quickly.  Mom was thrashing a 
little and vocalizing with every breath.  "In a minute, she'll be past 
the point of no return," said Cheryl, cheerfully; "She'll refuse to let 
me stop!"  Mom thrashed some more.  Cheryl continued, using her other 
hand to cover her first hand, her fingers wriggling.

"She's *ready*!" she finally said, and she suddenly grabbed my hand, 
pulled out her own finger, and put my hand on Mom's rear!  Then she was 
five steps away in a flash.  Mom almost screamed, stood up, turned 
around, and I pulled my hand away.  She grabbed my hand, and put it back 
on her rear.  She turned around again.  When she had turned, she looked 
so weird I almost wouldn't recognize her, and she looked like she didn't 
recognize me either.  She leaned over again, and reached around behind 
herself with both hands, grabbed my hand, and was doing something with 
my fingers!  She was trying to get one of my fingers into her rear hole!

"Mom!" I squawked.

"Hurry!" she answered and had one of my fingers pressed against her rear 
hole.  I felt my finger go in.  "Fast!  Please!" she added.  I stood 
there, unable to believe it.  Her hands moved my hand back and forth.  
"Yes!  Yes!" she yelled.  She was breathing again.  I felt my own 
fingers wriggling and she withdrew her hands.  My finger in my mom's 
rear.

Cheryl was behind me, grabbing me by the hips.  She guided them right 
behind Mom's so my body pressed my hand into Mom's rear.  My fingers 
still wriggled and Mom was getting louder.  I felt Cheryl pat my rear.  
Then she caressed it, and held my body with her other arm.  I was 
squeezed between them.  Mom was getting louder.  My finger wriggled.

She came.  There was no mistaking it, for a second.  "Nice work," I 
heard Cheryl whisper, her lips at my ear.  She let go of my rear and 
pulled me away.  I felt strangely disappointed.  Cheryl giggled again 
and pulled me out of the room.  I sat down, almost collapsing in a 
chair.  In a few seconds, I heard Mom walking and she walked in, all 
dressed again.  She looked completely tongue-tied.

"We're going to visit Myra," said Cheryl.  It was out of the blue and I 
stared at her.  But then, what else do you say after that?  Mom drove.  
Cheryl sat next to her and I sat in the back.

I remembered Myra, a friend of Cheryl's.  She used to come over a lot 
and play with Cheryl in her room.  She answered the doorbell and happily 
invited us in.  Cheryl kissed her on the lips.  It wasn't long or 
lingering or anything, but it seemed strange that they would kiss like 
that at all.  They were still young.

Myra said her mom was upstairs and Mom headed up the staircase.  I 
didn't remember her mom.  Then Myra led Cheryl and me downstairs to the 
basement.  It was furnished and she put on some music.  Cheryl chatted 
with her.  They were talking about school and I half-listened, and grew 
bored, listening mostly to the music.

Myra looked at the clock and then said "You'd better go up."  It had 
only been about ten minutes.  Myra wasn't making any move to come along.  
When Cheryl reached the bottom of the stairs ahead of me, she turned and 
said "Stay."  Myra had been talking just to her.

I looked back.  Myra was smiling at me.  I went back and she asked me 
about college and then started talking about high-school teachers that I 
had had.  Ten minutes later, she said "OK, it's time to come up," and 
headed for the stairs, but turning to wait for me.  We went back up to 
the first floor.  No one was around.  She took me to the stairs up to 
the second floor and said "Go ahead, the door on the left."  I went up 
the stairs, wondering.  The doors were closed.  I opened the door and 
Myra said from the bottom of the steps "Not that one!"  I was frozen for 
a second before I shut it again.  The windows must have been tightly 
shaded in the room: there was only the light of a couple of lamps.  Mom 
was laying on her side, curled up on a bed.  She was completely naked 
and clutching a blanket.  Her eyes were open, but staring straight 
ahead.  Cheryl was lying on the floor, also naked, her body twisted so 
her hips were sideways, but her shoulders were flat on the floor.  She 
stared straight up, her mouth hanging open.  I could see her breathing.

"The *next* door!" said Myra, sounding annoyed.  I looked down at her.  
She stayed on the bottom step, but her full attention was on me.  She 
seemed concerned.

I went to the next door and opened it.  It was also dark except for a 
couple of lamps.  A woman stood up when I appeared in the door.  Myra's 
mom.  "Come in," she said.  Her voice low but, well musical.  She was 
tall and had long thick black hair and was wrapped in a Kimono.  She 
smiled as she walked over to stand right in front of me.

"You're quite a young woman," she said, and put both her hands on my 
cheeks.  I just stared at her.  She was beautiful.  Her hands slowly 
slid down to my neck.  She leaned forward, her lips slightly parted.  I 
felt her hands encouraging me to meet her.  I stood there, as if I were 
made of stone.  She pantomimed a kiss and stood straight again, smiling.  
It were as if she hadn't really meant to kiss me, but just to flirt a 
little.  Her hands reached my blouse and started undoing the top 
buttons.

"No," I said softly.  She froze for a second.  Then she withdrew her 
hands and loosened the Kimono a little, sliding it off one of her 
shoulders--both of her shoulders, holding it closed just above her 
breasts.  She smiled again.  "Are you sure?" she asked.  I didn't 
answer, just stared.  I was never so scared in my life.  She loosened 
the Kimono just a little.  In a second, I'd see her body.

She held the Kimono shut with one hand and caressed my cheek again with 
her other hand.  "You'd better go see to your sister," she said.  There 
was still something inside me that wouldn't let me leave.  "Go," she 
said with a smile and pantomimed another little kiss.  She turned around 
and walked back.  She let the Kimono fall a bit more, showing off most 
of her back.  When she turned, she was still holding it over her 
breasts.  I backed out the door.

Myra looked up at me from the bottom of the stairs.  She looked 
concerned.  Frightened?  "I'd better go check on her," she said, coming 
up.  She went past me and into her mom's room.  I went in the other room 
where Mom and Cheryl had been.  They were still there, as if they hadn't 
moved a muscle.  I went over to Cheryl.

"Cheryl," I whispered, kneeling next to her.  She didn't move a muscle, 
still staring into space.  Her eyes hadn't flickered a bit.  I leaned 
down closer and put a hand on the side of her head.  "Cheryl," I 
repeated.  Suddenly, she looked right at me.  Quick as a flash, her 
hands were around my head, and she pulled me into a kiss.  Her tongue 
was in my mouth.  In a second, she had rolled on top of me and I was 
flat on my back.  Still she kissed me.  It was like she was driven.  I 
didn't know what to do and I let her.  She was straddling me and I felt 
her rip my blouse off.  Her fingers were caressing my breasts, my 
nipples.  I was breathing hard.

Somehow she had me completely naked.  Her hands were working on my cunt 
and I was about to come.  She slipped off me and got between my legs 
with one of her own legs over my hip, putting us in a sort of scissors 
position so our cunts were pressed together.  She wriggled and I felt 
hers rubbing against mine.  I orgasmed right there.  She didn't stop and 
I had another.  More.

Then she stopped.  I lay there, exhausted.  Mom was almost dressed and 
she said, "Come on, girls!"  Cheryl got up quickly and started to get 
dressed.  My blouse was ripped.  Mom was hurrying us and I ended up 
putting on my jeans and blouse without underwear.  They were in such a 
hurry.  I grabbed the rest of my clothes and followed them out, 
barefoot.  In the hall, from Myra's mom's room, I heard heavy 
breathing--a woman approaching orgasm.  She was very noisy.  Mom and 
Cheryl still seemed to be in a hurry.  When we reached the bottom of the 
stairs, there was a loud scream from upstairs.  A second after it was 
over, there was an even louder, higher scream that lasted seconds.  It 
was still going on when we pulled the front door shut.

Cheryl drove us home.  It was strange to have Cheryl driving me and Mom.  
I sat next to her, still holding my blouse shut.

When we got home, Mom went straight to the dining table and pulled her 
pants down to her knees, just like she had been before.  Cheryl said, 
"Go on, *next* to her."  I stood, staring.  "Go on!" she said.  I walked 
in the dining room and turned and looked at Cheryl.  She still stood in 
the living room, telling me with facial expressions and hand motions, to 
continue.  I stood next to Mom.  I leaned over the edge of the table 
next to her.  I undid my jeans and slid them down--not nearly as quickly 
as Mom had.

Cheryl left, walking toward the bedrooms.  I leaned there with Mom.  
Nothing was happening.  I didn't say anything or look at her, just 
leaned there, next to her, propped on my elbows.  She looked down at her 
hands.

Cheryl came back in the room.  She had makeup on, and was wearing a 
black bra and black heels, and nothing else.  In her hand, she had a 
huge whip.
