Archive-name: Affairs/patrick.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Patrick


   First of all, I am thirty-four years old, married and a schoolteacher. My
home sex life is rather dull, which accounts for the vivid imagination that
I've managed to develop over the years, especially as I work with many gorgeous
young women. My fantasies always revolve around some of my students, who are
aged from sixteen to eighteen.  Being a confirmed "ass man" I am constantly
distracted by the lucious curves all around me at school. I imagine that the
girls are all ready and just waiting for me to make the first move.  I pick out
one girl, and during the class, while the rest of the students are working, I
move over casually to this student and start talking with her about her work.
While talking I will absentmindedly stroke her hair, and she will respond by
resting her head on my hand, carefully so that nobody will notice.  We are both
quickly becoming excited.  She knows what I want, and she wants it too.

   By this time I am becoming hard, and she will notice and push her chair back
a little so that her shoulder is pressing against my erection, where she rubs
it with little movements.  In turn I point to her work in front of her and
manage to brush against her breast "accidentally". The risk of somebody
noticing what we are doing makes it all the more exciting to us.  By this time
we are both so horny that it must become noticeable, so I back off and suggest
that she come with me to a storeroom to get some materials.  The rest of the
class continues working.

   When we get to the storeroom I lock the door and then turn to her.  She is
waiting, roused, but not knowing what to do as I am the first man that has
affected her this way.  We kiss delicately, and then I turn her back to me and
pull her to me.  At first she doesn't understand why, but when I start touching
and fondling her breasts and nipples she sees the advantages of this position
and presses back against me.  Then I slowly work down to her clitoris and the
tension builds up in her until I finally reach under her jeans and panties and
rub my finger between her slit.  It is wet now and juicy with anticipation.
She is frantically pushing and rubbing her ass against my cock by this time,
and I'm almost bursting.  I undo her jeans button and unzip her fly, while at
the same time she has reached behind her and is undoing my zipper and stroking
my erect cock. It's size scares her for a while, and I have to gently persuade
her that she can take it in.  By this time she is really hot, so she pushes is
between her legs and guides it so that I can shove it into her quickly.

   We fuck quietly and excitedly, standing up, with her back still to me, with
an added thrill from the fact that anybody may come into the storeroom at any
time.  She reaches down and fondles my balls while I excite her nipples and
clitoris simultaneously.  We both come together, and it's like the end of the
world.  When we walk out of the storeroom later, both of us are flushed and yet
trying to appear normal.

  While this may appear to be a quite ordinary fantasy, for me it became a fact
about six months ago, and the student and I became lovers (and are still
lovers).  We fucked whenever we could, and there are a suprisingly large number
of places around a school where one can meet and fuck. I was her first lover,
but she became a very willing pupil, and learned all that she could about
fucking, anal and oral sex. We've tried just about everything, and she loves it
all, as I do. We both particularly prefer oral sex, as there is something
really relaxing about just laying back recieving pleasure from a person who is
really devoted to you (just as it is equally relaxing to give pleasure to
another whom you love, without violent movements to distract.)

  So I think that I'm extremely fortunate in being able to live out my
fantasies in real life.  How many others can say that?

--
