Patty On A Leash - 2

     When she awoke, Patty found the two dogs waiting by the
door, waiting for Mrs. Fisher to come and take them out.
Usually by this time, Patty would have come and taken them
out, but she was now in need of someone to help her.

     Patty crawled out from her bed, and walked over to the
door where the dogs were.  Mrs. Fisher came in, and patted
each of the dogs as they jumped up and down on her.  Patty
was sitting there on her legs, trying to loosen the stain
from the straps, her eyes red from crying.

     "Well my pretty young thing, it seems the pups here have
to go outside, what about you, do you need a walk?" she said
with a vicious grin on her face.

     Patty pleaded with her, "please, let me go, let me up, I
have too, I need to....." her voice trailed off as she turned
her head down.

     "First I have to take care of them, then you, so just
sit tight and wait".  With this, Mrs. Fisher took the dogs
out into the yard.

     Patty walked over to the window, and looked outside from
what she could see at her height.  It was getting darker out,
so they would be inside soon.  Suddenly she had an awful
thought, would she make her go outside?  She crawled as fast
as she could back to her bed, hoping Mrs. Fisher would
become tied up doing other things and forget about her for
now.  This would not be her luck.

     The dogs came running in, and Mrs. Fisher walked over to
her bed.  Reaching around her neck, she clipped the leash
onto the collar and pulled her up on all fours.

     "Come on Patty, it is time for you".  She tried pulling
away, but as usual Mrs. Fisher had a tight grip on her. She
reached around and smacked Patty across the behind once very
hard, causing Patty to almost fall.  Mrs. Fisher reached
around to Patty's waist, and unsnapped the thin thong which
covered her crotch area.  She blushed with embarrassment.

     "Well my dear, we can't have you outside where you could
be seen, so I will take you downstairs to a special setup I
have for you, come on".

     With a great deal of fear in her eyes, with a cool
breeze blowing through her middle, she trotted on all fours
down the hall on the leash with Mrs. Fisher.  On the way,
Mrs. Fisher's hands found their way over her ass, running it
over and over.  This was making her feel uneasy and horny,
which made her very nervous.

     Mrs. Fisher slowly took Patty down the steps to her
finished basement area.  It was difficult for Patty getting
down the steps, she slid slightly on her stockings, and the
straps did not give her good balance.

     "If you would learn how to walk on your own quicker, you
would not need the straps" Mrs. Fisher told her has she
reached the last step and was finally on the floor.

     "What happens to me now?"  Patty asked as Mrs. Fisher
stopped her near another door in the basement.

     She unlocked the door, which led to a room where Patty
saw a large boxed in area filled with sand and tree branches.
She led Patty into it, and unhooked the leash.

     "Here you go my dear, I will be waiting outside for you,
just yell when ready".  She started to turn and walk away.

     "Wait, I cannot do this, please, don't make me do this!"
Patty cried out to her.  Mrs. Fisher kept walking and told
her, "it is this, or nothing else, so I would get used to
it".  With that, she walked out the door.

     Patty stood there on all fours, wondering what to do
next.  She had to take care of business, but did not want to
do it here.  Sensing no other choice, she moved around to
make the straps somewhat out of the way, stood up on her feet
and spread her legs as wide as possible, and relieved
herself.

     Once finished, she made sure she rolled away from what
she had done, and crawled out of the box, ashamed at what she
had become and what she had to do.  Mrs. Fisher came back
into the room.

     "There, was that so bad little girl" she said has she
hooking Patty to her leash. "Pretty soon you will get used to
that, it will become second nature".  She took out Patty's
thong and snapped it around her again.  "We have to keep you
pretty, don't want to have you crawling around with your
parts hanging out!".  She led Patty out of the room and back
up the stairs.

     Once in the main room, Patty tried to walk over to her
bed area, but was pulled down the hall.  She was walking
fairly well, learning to balance herself on her feet and not
letting the straps trip her up.  She was brought into a room
which had several large cages in it, an examination table,
and lots of research information and equipment.  Trying to
pull away in fear, she was grabbed underneath by Mrs. Fisher
and picked up and placed on the table.  Only the fear of
falling with being able to catch herself kept her from trying
to jump off.

     Mrs. Fisher unhooked the straps which connected her legs
to her arms, so Patty was able to stretch out.  This was a
error Mrs. Fisher counted on, because as soon as she did,
Patty was restrained to the table by her hands and feet.

     "No, let me up, let me go, help!, please, oh....." with
this a ball gag was inserted into her mouth, quieting her
down.  Patty looked around nervously as Mrs. Fisher prepared
some needles in the corner.

     "I guess you are wondering what these are, well, this is
part of what I was talking about when you first woke up, this
is the research".  "I have taken a drug which deadens nerves
and impulses in the brain, and mixed it with another compound
found in certain dogs, one which controls behavior and
response to verbal commands and actions".

     "You are going to be injected with several of these
now".  "Over the next few hours, you will lose the ability to
talk, to walk, to think with any complexity".

     "In the meantime, your brain will process the chemical
which I have taken from the animals and you will start
reacting to the stimulus and the actions you are told and
shown".  "While you are lying here, I will play dog training
and obedience tapes over and over for you as the drugs take
effect, the results should have you barking and running
around here like the pups in no time!"

     Patty cried into heavy sobs as Mrs. Fisher walked over
to her.  She wiped the tears away, kissed her on the
forehead, and began the injections.  One by one, the
injections were administered to her, and she slowly stopped
resisting and soon was lying quite still.

     Finishing up the medical part, Mrs. Fisher cleaned up
the lab and prepared to shut down for the night. Patty was
lying there on the table on her stomach now, headset on
playing obedience tapes and other sounds over and over in
conjunction with the video tapes being played in front of
her.  This would go on for the next 24 hours or so.

     Mrs. Fisher turned down the lights, and walked out the
door.  Patty was on the table motionless, enthralled with
what was happening on screen, as the new chemicals pulsed
through her body.

