                          Patty's rape

You are grabbed by three girls.  You struggle but these girls overpower
you and wrestle you to the floor.  Two of the girls hold your arms and
legs while the third girl starts to unbutton your blouse.  You threaten
to scream if they don't stop.  The girl stops stripping you and starts
to stuff a hot moist cloth into your mouth.  After she has you gagged,
she explains that they have come prepared for a screamer.  She tells
you that this morning all three girls stuffed their panties into their
cunts and they have masturbated at least half a dozen times each.  She
tells you that you are now sucking on her cum soaked panties and that
you will taste the others later.  She grabs the front of your blouse
and rips it open.  The girls holding your arms pull off your blouse
while the third girl opens your jeans and pulls them down to your
ankles.  She lifts your legs to take your jeans off and you start to
kick.  The girls grab your legs behind the knee and pull them open so
the third girl can get your jeans off.  While you are held spread out,
the third girl takes a pair of scissors and cuts your bra straps and
then snips between the cups to expose your round firm tits.  She takes
your nipples between the thumb and forefinger of each hand and pinches
them.  She twists them and pulls them until they are hard and erect.
She kisses and sucks on each nipple.  Despite your resistance, her
actions on your nipples are getting you very aroused, even hotter than
your boyfriend did the other night.  She stops sucking but keeps
playing with your nipples.  She explains that they are sorority pledges
and to get into the sorority they have to rape a sexy bitch like you.
She grabs the elastic waistband of your panties and pulls at them so
she can snip the sides and pull your panties out from under your
asscheeks.  One of the girls says "Now that we have this bitch bare,
let's find out how tasty she is".  The third girl puts her hands down
into your crotch and pulls your cuntlips open.  She puts her head down
to your cunt and she slowly licks from your tight ass pucker, up across
your wet inner lips, up to your tender clit.  You wiggle, you squirm,
but she pushes her tongue against your clit and you get hotter.  She
moves her tongue down to your love hole and pushes it in.  You
surrender to this hot lesbian rape and push your cunt against her
probing tongue.  She pumps her tongue in and out making your juices
flow.  You squirm again, this time in passion.  You want to cum and
this girl's tongue is going to do it.  She slides her tongue to your
clit and licks at it very fast.  The tension in your cunt builds with
each flick at your passion button.  She closes her mouth on your clit
and sucks it into her mouth.  This pushes you over the edge.  Your
muscles tighten, your cunt juices flow, and you cum like you have never
cum before.  She licks at your open cunt, lapping up your flowing love
cream.  When you recover from your orgasm, this cuntlicker changes
places with one of the girls holding your arms.  This new girl take the
panties out of your mouth and stuffs her own cum-soaked panties in to
give you a second taste of cunt.  She moves away for a few moments.
When she returns, she kneels and kisses your creamy cunt.  She moves
toward your head gently kissing your mound, your tummy, your tits.  She
pushes her big bare tits against yours.  A hard shaft pushes against
your open slit.  She tells you that now she is going to rape you the
way a boy would.  She tells you that she has strapped on a ten inch
cock shaped dildo and she is going to stick it into your cunt and fuck
you hard and fast.  She pushes the head of that dildo against your hot
open slit.  You squirm, but your movement only rubs your inner lips
against the head lubricating it.  She pushes it into your cunt.  She
shoves all 10 inches into your hot juicy hole.  Your boyfriend has
fucked you a few times but his cock has never filled you the way this
intruding tool is filling you now.  She pulls almost all the way out
and then plunges back in.  The entire length of your love tunnel
tingles.  She pumps at your cunt.  Your juices begin to flow again.
She pumps harder and faster, bang away at your open fuck hole.  You are
going to cum again.  This girl, fucking you with a dildo, is going to
make you cum better than your boyfriend has.  You buck, you push your
cunt at this impaling rod, you push your tits against hers, all the
time sucking the cum out of her panties.  Your start to cum and toss
your head back and forth.  All the girls laugh at your dildo induced
orgasm.  Your cuntfucker pulls out and plunges in deep and hard.  She
pulls out and plunges in again to bring you to your climax.  With every
muscle tense, you finish cumming.  Nothing moves except your cum
flowing out past that rod and down your asscrack.  Your cuntfucker
pulls out and the girls let go of your arms.  They don't have to hold
you any more.  You are limp from the two best creamings your cunt has
ever had.  The last girl take the panties out of your mouth and stuffs
in her own.  Now you have tasted the cum from all three girls.  They
turn you face down on the tiled floor.  They let you rest your head on
your folded arms.  Two girls massage your back and then your asscheeks.
They pull your asscheeks open and the last girl rubs a glob of grease
on your asspucker.  You tense up, you have never let anyone put
anything inside your tail.  The girl tells you that now she is going to
strap on the dildo and rape your tight ass.  You squirm and shake your
head NO.  She tells you that you can barter your way out of an assfuck.
She tells you that she is willing to trade her fucking your ass for you
licking her cunt.  You hesitate, but then figure that it has to taste
at least as good as the panties you have been sucking on.  You nod your
head YES.  She moves in front of you and lays back spreading her cunt
before you.  She takes the panties out of your mouth and tells you to
eat the real thing.  You inch your way forward and just as you get
within reach, she grabs your head and pushes it against her clean
shaven, and very juicy cunt.  The fragrance of her cunt overcomes any
resistance you have and you plunge your tongue between her smooth wet
lips to search out her cream.  The girls tell you how to eat a cunt.
How to lick her lips, how to stick your tongue in and out to fuck her
hole, how to rub your tongue against her clit, and finally how to suck
at her clit to make her cum.  You make her cum, you lap at her flowing
cream like a hot lesbian bitch.  After you have licked her cunt clean,
she moves behind you and the cuntlicker moves in front offering her cunt
for a licking.  You plead with them, not to make you lick any more
cunts.  The last girl puts her greased finger against your tight
asspucker and pushes in.  She gets it in to the first knuckle and
starts to twist her finger around, lubricating your asshole.  She tells
you to eat any cunt put in front of you or they will fuck your ass,
They will ALL fuck your ass.  With no more hesitation, you bury your
tongue into this second shaven cunt.  As you lick this juicy cunt, the
last girl keeps moving her finger in your ass.  She keeps reminding you
to lick that cunt good or you will get your tight ass thoroughly
fucked.  You lick, you suck, you tongue fuck the girl that gave you
your first lesbian licking.  You make her cum and again you lap up
every drop of cream that oozes out of her cunthole.  Now the cuntfucker
spreads her cunt in front of you and you dive into her equally clean
shaven cunt.  There is no hesitation in your cunt licking now.  You are
so involved in making these cunts cum and eating their cream that you
don't notice that the girl now has her entire finger in your ass.  The
cuntlicker puts her hand under you and starts to rub your clittie.  The
girl you are licking begins to cum and you lap at her flowing cream.
When you have her licked clean you realized that your cunt and ass are
getting fingered and that you are going to cum again.  You plead with
them to stop, but your orgasm peaks and you collapse on that freshly
eaten cunt.  One girl takes the remenants of your panties and stuffs
them into your cunt to soak up your love juice.  After you have
recovered for your fingerfuck, they take the panties out of your cunt
and stuff them into your mouth.  The cuntlicker and cuntfucker take
your arms and pull you to your knees.  They hold you so that you are
leaning forward supported by them.  They squeeze and pinch your round
firm tits. The last girl gets behind you and pushes the head of that
dildo against your loosened ass pucker.  You shake your head NO, but
she pushes the head in anyway.  You try to resist but you have been
sufficiently stretched and lubricated that the head slips past your
sphincter muscle and into your virgin ass.  They hold you like this for
a few moments, a fake cockhead in your ass, two girls squeezing your
tits, your own cum soaked panties in your mouth.  The assfucker reaches
around you and puts her hands down into your crotch.  With one hand she
finds and rubs your erect little clit.  With the other, she slips a
finger into your creamy cunt hole.  Holding onto your cunt, she pushes
that shaft up your ass.  It fills you completely.  You have never had
any sensation like this before.  It hurts, it pleases, you push back
and your ass opens up to take that dildo all the way in.  She starts to
fuck your ass.  Their is a lot more friction in your tail than in your
cunt and you can feel that cockhead move the entire length of your rear
tunnel.  Her fingers at your cunt rub and probe and your juices flow
again.  They squeeze your tits and pinch your nipples.  Soon you are
drenched in sweat and when your orgasm hits, it overwhelms you.  You
collapse against these female rapists completely satisfied with the
sexual pleasures they have forced upon you.  They lower you to the
floor and move away for a moment.  A girl returns.  She kneels between
your open legs.  She spreads your reddened asscheeks, and pushes the
dildo into your ass again.  You offer no resistance.  You take that
cockshaped tool into you and fall off into a sexual daze.  The second
girl fucks your ass until the movement makes her cum.  The third girl
straps on the dildo and takes her turn at fucking your ass.

When you wake up, you find yourself stark naked, spread out on the
floor of the restroom.  Your hands are tied to the posts of the stalls,
while your legs are held up and open, your ankles tied to different
sinks. You can still taste the salty sweet cum on the panties in your
mouth. Your cunt and ass are loose enough and lubricated enough to take
anything, and they have left you two momentos: dildos in both your cunt
and ass.

 then figure that it has to taste
