                 PATTY ON A LEASH - 4

   As the light from the early morning sun started coming thru the
slits in the blinds, Patty awoke from her sleep, and climbed down
off the bed.

   She really was not fully awake yet, but she was able to walk
around the floor, stretching her legs. She did not realize she was
sniffing around the furniture as she moved around the floor, she
also was moving with a great deal of ease on her all fours.

   Mrs. Fisher awoke soon after, and after rolling over a few times
in her large, soft bed, she too got up, and walked over to where
her new little puppy was standing. She kneeled down and was
scratching Patty under the chin, who responded by licking her hand.

   "Such a sweet little girl, come with me, I will give you some
fresh water". Instead, Patty, at a fast pace, moved past her
towards the door which led to the basement, to the sandbox.

   "What is it, do you have to go out, come on, speak, tell me what
you want".

   Patty walked over to the door, and lifted herself up and started
pawing at the door, and emitted short and rapid loud barks. Her
sounds attracted the other dogs, who came running in behind her.

   Mrs. Fisher petted each of them and called them over to the
outside door and pushed it open, letting them run free in the yard.
She then looked down at Patty, looking up at her pawing at the
door.

   "You need to go downstairs little puppy, well, come on, lets go
and see what you have learned". She opened the door, and Patty
moved slowly but with confidence down the steps and ran through the
basement to the other door leading to the special room.

   Mrs. Fisher followed shortly behind and unlocked the door, and
Patty climbed into the box and went about her business. She soon
climbed back out and came out of the room, and sat back on her legs
in front of Mrs. Fisher.

   "Well my little girl, you behaving so well, I may have to treat
you, would that make you happy, speak for mommy, come on, speak
little puppy".

   Patty began to bark over and over, pulling her hands in the air,
trying to paw at Mrs. Fisher. She responded by petting Patty on the
head, and started walking away down the cellar hall. Patty quickly
followed her down the hall, yelping most of the way.

   Making her way to another storage room, Mrs. Fisher brought
Patty inside to where there was another dog lying on a doggie bed.
Patty could sense other dogs there also. She tried moving over to
where the scents were coming from, but Mrs. Fisher grabbed her by
the collar and clipped her to the leash attached on the wall.

   "I brought you here Patty because this new mommy here needs some
assistance, and you have just the right "parts" to help her out
with". With this, she moved a board away from the doorway where she
was standing and six puppies came running out towards her and the
dog lying in its bed.

   "You see Patty, this little mommy dog is just too tired from
feeding her many pups, this is her second litter in such a short
time".

   "With you here, we can put those milk filled tits to use, and
get you prepared for when you have your own little pups, I might
even let the dog who studed this litter try you!"

   Patty appeared to be alarmed at the dogs overrunning her, and
watching them pull at their mother for milk. The mother dog just
layed there as the pups fed on her.

   Mrs. Fisher unhooked Patty, and brought her over to another
doggie bed where she was tied down. Mrs. Fisher removed the spandix
strip which covered her breasts, and gently rubbed her breasts and
nipples, making them moist and leaky.

   Patty's nipples had become slightly longer due to the
treatments, so when Mrs. Fisher brought two puppies over to her,
they instantly went to Patty's breasts and started drawing on them,
causing her some initial pain and soreness from their rough
treatment.

   With maternal and animal instinct, she nuzzled and licked the
pups as they fed on her, and allowed each puppy to in turn come
over and feed from her full breasts. Mrs. Fisher looked at this and
smiled with delight.

   "Well my little girl, you are taking such good care of these
little pups, I think this treatment and training, you may be ready
for some of your own!" "I think I will leave you here for awhile to
get used to this part of your new life, and will be back for you
later, when we will start your treatments again."

   Mrs. Fisher came back a few hours later, and found both the dog,
the puppies and Patty asleep, with one of the pups suckling lightly
on one of Patty's nipples, drawing her sweet milk out.

   She took the pup away from Patty, and put it with the others by
its mom, where it soon was asleep next to its brothers and sisters.
Gently she shook Patty awake. and she stood up.

   "Well my little milk machine, did you enjoy feeding the little
pups, they seemed to like it VERY much!" Mrs. Fisher took Patty's
covering and pulled it around her breasts, pulling them tight and
covering them up. She noticed some moisture leaking through the
fabric.

   "Patty, you are leaking, you must be so full inside those
beautiful breasts of yours, well, cannot have you walking around
with your tits swaying in the breeze dripping milk!" She unhooked
the covering again, and while Patty looked up at her with a ver
curious face, she picked up a carry bag and pulled a breast pump
out of it.

   Mrs. Fisher proceeded to drain the ample milk from Patty's
breasts as she layed on her back, stomach being patted by Mrs.
Fisher. In no time she filled up several bottles with her sweet
milk. She re-attached the covering around her breasts again, and
hooked a leash to Patty's collar.

   "Come my little girl, there are tests to be done, and treatments
to be given to you". Her breasts tender and sore, she walked with
Mrs. Fisher slowly down the hallway, balancing herself now with
ease on all fours, walking towards the next step in this process
Mrs. Fisher was putting her through, her awareness of her previous
personality and situation quickly vanishing from memory.

   Patty soon found herself back in the same room where the
transformation process began. Mrs. Fisher picked Patty up and put
her on the examination table. She tried to resist, but she was
scared, so she stood on the table shaking and crying.

   Looking around, Patty saw some other dogs in cages around the
room. There were many different types of dogs being kept, large and
small. In a larger cage in the corner of the room, she saw a large
golden retriever inside, running back and forth to the cage door.
The dog seemed very excited, and some of the other dogs also seemed
excited by the retrievers presences and scent.

   Mrs. Fisher came over to Patty, and before she could react
pricked her skin with a needle and administered a long injection of
a clear fluid inside her. This was followed by two more similar
injections. Patty was feeling warm, and was now laying down on the
table.

   "Well Patty, you must stay here now while this material takes
hold of your system". "From here, if all goes according to
schedule, you will spend some time in the cage there and I will
monitor you reactions and see what and how you physically react and
what happens from your encounter."

   "Meanwhile, this small injection will make you sleep and allow
the chemicals to do their work". Patty felt one more needle prick
her skin, and soon fell into a deep sleep.

   What she could not hear or feel was Mrs. Fisher picking up her
limp body and putting it on a rolling table and bringing it over to
the cage where the retriever was.

   Patty's undergarment was removed, and she was placed on a bed on
the opposite side of the cage. The retriever sniffed around close
where she was, but a screen kept them apart, for now. The retriever
layed down in front of the screen, eyeing the sleeping Patty. 
