Patti On A Leash - 1     
      
Patti was winding her way around the corner, finishing up her part-time job    
walking Mrs. Fisher's two dogs. It was a simple job, but she was a very nice    
woman who lived about two blocks away from where Patti lives, and after    
playing with the dogs on her way home from school, she spoke with Mrs.    
Fisher and struck a deal.     
   
Mrs. Fisher was an attractive woman, about 30 years old, with short blonde    
hair and beautiful blue eyes.  She was  about 5'11", and was in great shape.     
Often, before Patti took the job, Mrs. Fisher could be seen walking with or     
jogging with the dogs around the neighborhood in tight spandex shorts and    
exercise pants.  She was a very quiet  woman, keeping to herself, but friendly.   
    
Patti was a petite 18 year old in her last year of high school. She had well-   
formed legs and hips from her cheerleading all during her school years, and    
had nice sized breasts with perfectly round nipples.  The extra cash she earned    
from taking care of the dogs would go towards her college fund, but she liked    
the animals very much, so she very much enjoyed her work.   
     
It was dusk when she finally got the two dogs, both Golden Retrievers, one    
male and one female, back to the house.  When she got to the back door, Mrs.    
Fisher was waiting, concerned something had happened to them. "I am glad to    
see you Patti, it was getting late and I had feared something was wrong".    
    
"Sorry for the delay", Patti explained as she hung up the dogs leashes.  "We    
were having a good run, so I wanted to give them a full workout while we had    
the light".  "They look rested, don't they?"   
     
"Patti, you take such good care of them, I appreciate it so much, it is so hard    
to watch them while I have to take care of some business, I am glad they are in    
good hands". "Come into the living room and rest awhile with me" They both    
walked into the large Victorian style homes living room, and relaxed on the    
plush furniture Mrs. Fisher had throughout the home.  Her two loyal pets came    
in and rested on their respected animal beds.  Patti noticed how well she took    
care of her pets needs, she treated them just like she would a human. "Can I    
get you a glass of soda or water Patti, you must be thirsty after the run?"     
      
"Yes, thanks, it was very tiring.     
Mrs. Fisher walked over to the bar and poured some soda into a large glass    
with ice.  She walked over to where Patti was sitting, put the drink down in    
front of her, and then sat across from her on the other couch. Patti must have    
been dry, she drank the entire glass down in a matter of moments.  Mrs. Fisher    
called the dogs over to her, and they both jumped up on the couch and sat    
down beside her, much to the surprise of Patti, who did not think she ever    
allowed them on the furniture.   
    
"On special occasions, I let them up on the furniture, it is so relaxing up here,    
it makes you want to stretch out and relax, doesn't it?"   
     
Patti was inclined to agree.  She was starting to get very tired, taking the dogs    
out for exercise today mush have knocked her out more than she realized.  She    
wanted to leave, but she found herself becoming very comfortable there on the    
couch.   
    
Mrs. Fisher walked over to the couch, and started to massage the legs of the    
very groggy Patti.  The two dogs also came over to where Patti was, and sat    
down on each side of her.   
     
"Excuse me Mrs. Fisher. I am not feeling well, I think I will go home now"    
and tried to stand up. Walking about two steps, she collapsed onto the couch.     
Mrs. Fisher ordered the dogs off the couch to their beds, walked over and     
picked Patti up, and carried her out of the room.   
   
Patti was very much out of it, but could vaguely pick up on some of the things    
which were happening to her, but she thought it was all a dream.  She thought    
she felt someone taking off her clothing, bathing her, and cutting her hair. She    
also thought she felt her hands being tied and bound as well as her legs, but    
each time she thought she was coming to, she blanked out again.   
    
In what seemed like hours to her, Patti woke up slowly, feeling a chill on her    
back.  She tried to move to stand up, but her legs were constricted, as were her    
arms. She was lying on her side, with her arms and legs pulled in front of her.     
She was resting on soft material, similar to what she found in the living room    
furniture.  She heard the door open, and Mrs. Fisher walked in. Patti had never    
seen her like this before.  She was wearing a black mini dress, black stockings,    
and very high heels with an ankle strap.  She had her hair tightly pulled up, and    
was carry some leather straps and chains.     
      
 "Well my little puppy, how are we feeling today?" she asked a puzzled Patti,    
who was try to get up still.  "Are you trying to stand up, well, this is not they    
way you do it any more, so try sliding out of your little bed, and get up on all    
fours, come on!"     
   
Patti started to slide out of the bed she was lying on, and again tried to stand    
up.  Her ankles and wrists were bound tightly and connected to each other, and    
her head was also tied to the straps which ran from ankle to wrist. The was    
only one thing she could do, walk on all fours! She crawled over to where Mrs.    
Fisher was, slipping slightly along the way.  Patti's finger and toe nails were     
painted red, and she was wearing white stockings with a thin snap thong    
covering her crouch.  A thin and small  strip of spandex material covered her    
breasts, and around her neck was a collar with a hook for a chain.  Her hair     
was permed up and had red ribbons in it.   
   
"Yes my sweet little Patti, I saw how much you enjoyed the lifestyle my dogs    
enjoyed, and I like you so very much, I thought I would allow you to enjoy    
their lives and in the process help me with my work." Patti tried to pull apart    
the straps holding her down, but it was impossible, they were too tight and    
thick.  With almost a dog like instinct, she tried chewing on the straps. Mrs.    
Fisher laughed at the site.  "Gee, I have not even started to train you and you    
are already starting to act like a puppy!"  Patti looked up to her with tears in    
her eyes. "Why are you doing this to me?"  "My business is in the medical    
field, helping to find ways have controlling behavior in people who have    
problems  or who need help.   I also do a little research on the side in testing    
the behavior of  animals, especially dogs, which I like so much".     
      
"You have so many positive qualities, you would make an excellent candidate    
for some trials, and this was the best way to do it".  "Beside, I found you    
attractive and the dogs like you too".  "So what will happen to me know?"     
Patti sobbed as she stood on all fours on the floor.  "You will live like a dog,    
be fed, watered, and receive injections which will give you dog like behavior    
in no time.  Soon you will not be able to talk, you speech ability will be    
temporally suppressed."  "You also will not be able to walk, you will not need    
the straps, you will automatically get on all fours and walk this way."  "You    
will be a dog!"   
     
Mrs. Fisher walked over to her, and patted her on the head.  She reached    
underneath and pulled the leash ring on her collar around and hooked it to the    
leash in her hand. She gave it a tight pull, and Patti's head popped up, pulling    
her arms up.    


"Come on Patti, can you sit up and beg for me, come on, beg, pant little   
puppy".  She resisted, and spit into Mrs.Fisher's face.  Wiping the spit away,   
she grew angry, and let go of the leash. She  walked over and picked up a   
rolled up newspaper.  "You have been very bad, and you must be punished,   
you must be spanked!" she yelled down to Patti in a firm  voice.   
  
Patti tried to move away quickly, but she was not used to being on all fours,   
and could not move quickly.  Her silk stockings made her slip as she moved on   
the finished wooden floors, which is one of the main reason she was made to   
wear them.  Mrs. Fisher grabbed her by the collar, and starting hitting her on   
the behind.  "Bad girl!, bad girl!, when you are told to behave, you BETTER   
do as I say!" she yelled as she spanked her bottom.   
  
Patti was crying, the tight straps and Mrs. Fisher's strong grip on the collar   
strap preventing her from moving away.  After several more strikes, she pulled   
the newspaper away.  Reaching around, she grabbed the leash again and pulled   
Patti's head and arms up.  
   
"Now, will you beg for me, come on, pant and beg for me, you know how its   
done, you made my puppies do it, now, so can you".  
    
Patti looked at her, and with tears in her eyes, pushed herself back onto her   
knees, lifted her arms up with her hands forward, and started panting.   
  
With Mrs. Fisher laughing, Patti continued to pant, her tongue hanging out.    
The way she was holding herself up on the balls of her feet made it appear she   
was on hind legs. The light in the room shimmered off her sparse spandex   
covering and silk stockings.  It appeared Patti was submitting to Mrs. Fisher,   
less risking another beating.  Mrs. Fisher walked over to her and patted her on   
the head.  
     
"That's a good girl, come on, lets get you something to drink".  Patti got down   
onto all fours again, and Mrs. Fisher took her by the leash and walked her out   
of the room towards the kitchen.  Patti was moving slowly, but was following   
along obediently.   
  
Once inside the spacious kitchen, Mrs. Fisher led her over to the sink area   
where the dogs bowls are kept.  "Are you thirsty, of course you are, well, I   
have got a present  for you!" she said with a grin on her face.  Letting go of the    
leash, she filled a dish with water and put it in front of her.  It  was a bright   
white dish with "Patti" inscribed on the side.  Patti turned her head away, but   
Mrs. Fisher pulled it  back towards the dish.  "If you want to drink, start   
lapping away at the water, otherwise, do without, those are the choices!" Patti   
heard bellowing out of Mrs. Fisher, who was growing angry again.   
  
Sensing she may be hit again, and feeling dry, Patti bowed her head down and   
started lapping at the water.  She found it difficult to learn to do, but soon was   
able to take on some water.  
  
Mrs.  Fisher kneeled down along side her and started to pat her on the head   
again.  "Yes my pretty little thing, you are learning to obey quickly, I like this"   
she said with glee in her eye.  Again pulling on the leash, she pulled Patti   
away from the bowl and walked her back into the living room.  "Well, I have   
to go out for awhile, so you will have to stay here with the pups until I return".    
She unhooked the leash and put it on the table.  "You can do what you want,   
walk around, play, sleep, just do not get any ideas about trying to call out or   
getting  to an open door.  The phone lines in this room are off when I am not   
here, and the doors and windows are locked  and the drapes drawn so nobody   
can see in".    
  
Patti was moving around the room slowly trying to see if she could see out or   
get out, instead all she did was tired herself out. Dejected, she walked over to   
her bed, and fell onto her side, tears flowing down her face.  The next sound   
she heard was the door slamming shut as Mrs. Fisher walked out.     
  


Patti On A Leash - 2    
  
When she awoke, Patti found the two dogs waiting by the door, waiting for   
Mrs. Fisher to come and take them out.  Usually by this time, Patti would have   
come and taken them  out, but she was now in need of someone to help her.    
     
Patti crawled out from her bed, and walked over to the  door where the dogs   
were.  Mrs. Fisher came in, and patted  each of the dogs as they jumped up and   
down on her.  Patti  was sitting there on her legs, trying to loosen the strain    
from the straps, her eyes red from crying.    
     
"Well my pretty young thing, it seems the pups here have to go outside, what   
about you, do you need a walk?" she said with a vicious grin on her face.   
  
Patti pleaded with her, "please, let me go, let me up, I have too, I need to....."   
her voice trailed off as she turned her head down.   
   
"First I have to take care of them, then you, so just sit tight and wait".  With   
this, Mrs. Fisher took the dogs out into the yard.   
   
Patti walked over to the window, and looked outside from  what she could see   
at her height.  It was getting darker out,  so they would be inside soon.    
Suddenly she had an awful  thought, would she make her go outside?  She   
crawled as fast  as she could back to her bed, hoping Mrs. Fisher would    
become tied up doing other things and forget about her for  now.  This would   
not be her luck.    
     
The dogs came running in, and Mrs. Fisher walked over to her bed.  Reaching   
around her neck, she clipped the leash onto the collar and pulled her up on all   
fours.  "Come on Patti, it is time for you".  She tried pulling away, but as   
usual Mrs. Fisher had a tight grip on her. She  reached around and smacked   
Patti across the behind once very  hard, causing Patti to almost fall.  Mrs.   
Fisher reached  around to Patti's waist, and unsnapped the thin thong which    
covered her crotch area.  She blushed with embarrassment.    
     
"Well my dear, we can't have you outside where you could be seen, so I will   
take you downstairs to a special setup I have for you, come on".  With a great   
deal of fear in her eyes, with a cool  breeze blowing through her middle, she   
trotted on all fours  down the hall on the leash with Mrs. Fisher.  On the way,    
Mrs. Fisher's hands found their way over her ass, running it  over and over.    
This was making her feel uneasy and horny,  which made her very nervous.    
     
Mrs. Fisher slowly took Patti down the steps to her  finished basement area.  It   
was difficult for Patti getting down the steps, she slid slightly on her stockings,   
and the  straps did not give her good balance.    
     
"If you would learn how to walk on your own quicker, you would not need the   
straps" Mrs. Fisher told her has she reached the last step and was finally on the   
floor.   
   
"What happens to me now?"  Patti asked as Mrs. Fisher stopped her near   
another door in the basement.  She unlocked the door, which led to a room   
where Patti saw a large boxed in area filled with sand and tree  branches.    
  
She led Patti into it, and unhooked the leash.  "Here you go my dear, I will be   
waiting outside for you, just yell when ready".  She started to turn and walk   
away.   
   
"Wait, I cannot do this, please, don't make me do this!"  Patti cried out to her.  
  
Mrs. Fisher kept walking and told  her, "it is this, or nothing else, so I would   
get used to  it".  With that, she walked out the door.    
     
Patti stood there on all fours, wondering what to do  next.  She had to take   
care of business, but did not want to do it here.  Sensing no other choice, she   
moved around to  make the straps somewhat out of the way, stood up on her   
feet  and spread her legs as wide as possible, and relieved  herself.    
     
Once finished, she made sure she rolled away from what she had done, and   
crawled out of the box, ashamed at what she had become and what she had to   
do.  Mrs. Fisher came back into the room.  "There, was that so bad little girl"   
she said has she  hooking Patti to her leash. "Pretty soon you will get used to    
that, it will become second nature".  She took out Patti's  thong and snapped it   
around her again.  "We have to keep you  pretty, don't want to have you   
crawling around with your  parts hanging out!".  She led Patti out of the room   
and back  up the stairs.    
     
Once in the main room, Patti tried to walk over to her  bed area, but was   
pulled down the hall.  She was walking fairly well, learning to balance herself   
on her feet and not  letting the straps trip her up.  She was brought into a   
room  which had several large cages in it, an examination table,  and lots of   
research information and equipment.  Trying to  pull away in fear, she was   
grabbed underneath by Mrs. Fisher  and picked up and placed on the table.    
Only the fear of  falling with being able to catch herself kept her from trying    
to jump off.    
     
Mrs. Fisher unhooked the straps which connected her legs  to her arms, so   
Patti was able to stretch out.  This was an  error Mrs. Fisher counted on,   
because as soon as she did,  Patti was restrained to the table by her hands and   
feet.    
     
"No, let me up, let me go, help!, please, oh....." with  this a ball gag was   
inserted into her mouth, quieting her down.  Patti looked around nervously as   
Mrs. Fisher prepared  some needles in the corner.    
     
"I guess you are wondering what these are, well, this is  part of what I was   
talking about when you first woke up, this  is the research".  "I have taken a   
drug which deadens nerves  and impulses in the brain, and mixed it with   
another compound found in certain dogs, one which controls behavior  and   
response to verbal commands and actions".  "You are going to be injected with   
several of these now".  "Over the next few hours, you will lose the ability to    
talk, to walk, to think with any complexity".  "In the meantime, your brain will   
process the chemical which I have taken from the animals and you will start    
reacting to the stimulus and the actions you are told and shown".  "While you   
are lying here, I will play dog training  and obedience tapes over and over for   
you as the drugs take effect, the results should have you barking and running    
around here like the pups in no time!"    
     
Patti cried into heavy sobs as Mrs. Fisher walked over  to her.  She wiped the   
tears away, kissed her on the forehead, and began the injections.  One by one,   
the  injections were administered to her, and she slowly stopped  resisting and   
soon was lying quite still.    
     
Finishing up the medical part, Mrs. Fisher cleaned up  the lab and prepared to   
shut down for the night. Patti was lying there on the table on her stomach now,   
headset on  playing obedience tapes and other sounds over and over in    
conjunction with the video tapes being played in front of  her.  This would go   
on for the next 24 hours or so.    
     
Mrs. Fisher turned down the lights, and walked out the  door.  Patti was on the   
table motionless, enthralled with what was happening on screen, as the new   
chemicals pulsed  through her body.    



Patti On A Leash - 3   
   
Just about two days later, Mrs. Fisher checked her remote monitors and charts   
and concluded Patti's initial treatment should be sufficient for now.  Picking   
up her leash, she headed down to the treatment center in the cellar.    
  
Patti was now lying in a large cage on her side, having been moved there after   
the initial 24 hours. A sedative kept her asleep while the treatments continued,   
and her body was in the same position any dog would be found in while   
sleeping.    
  
Mrs. Fisher shut down the IV machines feeding the materials into Patti, and   
removed all of the tubes and needles.  It would be a few minutes before she   
awoke, once the IV was removed, the drug would become inactive.  Mrs.    
Fisher closed the cage door, and waited to see what Patti's reactions and   
response would be when she awoke.  Patti started to blink her eyes slightly,   
and began to slowly move her arms.  She was still very groggy, but was    
starting to come around. Mrs. Fisher walked over to the cage and started   
calling her.    
  
"Come on girl, time to wake up, come on, time to see how my handy work   
came off this time!"  Patti slowly started to stand, and for the first time, she   
stopped trying to stand any further once she stood on all fours.  "What have   
yourr done torr me, grrr?", her voice trailed off, with many of the words mixed   
with low growling sounds. She was having trouble forming complete words   
and sentences.    
  
"It would appear your first treatments have taken well, you are already starting   
to lose your ability to speak, and I think once I let you out, you will walk   
around a lot better without your straps".    
  
Mrs. Fisher walked over to the cage, opened the safety gate, and started to rub   
Patti's head.  She tried to speak against, but all that would come out were   
mumbled words and whimpers.  Sensing she might be stable to move, Mrs.   
Fisher closed the safety gate, picked up Patti's leash, and went over to the   
cage to take her out.  Once the door was opened, Patti walked slowly on all   
fours out the door and onto the floor.  With the straps now unhooked, she   
seemed to move a lot easier and with more comfort and stability with her new   
position.  Mrs. Fisher clipped the leash onto her collar, and kneeled down to   
pat her head and rub her under her chin.  By  natural instinct, Patti rubbed her   
face into Mrs. Fisher's hand, and when she put her hand out in front of her,   
stuck out and licked her hand with her tongue.  Mrs. Fisher was very   
impressed, this was the first of her test subjects which responded so quickly to   
the initial  treatments.   Putting the leash down for the moment to close up the   
cage and tidy up the area, Patti lied down on the floor,  arms in front of her,   
head down, legs behind her.    
  
When Mrs. Fisher walked over to her to pick up the leash, she tried to speak   
again.  "Please, do not dorr this torr me, I don't......grrr.......and broke into   
some small grunts and barks.   She kept barking, it was quiet because she   
did not have a lot of strength yet, and her female voice did not have a  high   
pitch to make it piercing.    
  
Mrs. Fisher was glowing with success as her little dog walker barked away on   
the floor.  She petted her on the head again, and this seemed to calm her down.   
Pulling on the leash, Patti picked herself up and trotted down the hallway.    
  
She took the stairs a lot better, the silk stockings still were a source of some   
slipping, but it made her a lot prettier.  There was something deep inside   
Patti's brain which was telling her this was wrong, but the new chemistry    
pulsing through her system was repressing these feelings and ideas.    
  
Instead of being able to speak words, she found herself walking with her mouth   
open, tongue wagging, as she was brought back to the main floor.  The audio   
and video tapes had made a strong impression on her mind.  Once upstairs,   
Mrs. Fisher led her into the spacious living room.  The two other dogs came   
running over to Patti and began to sniff her.  The treatments allowed Patti's   
body to emit a scent similar to a female dog through her sweat glands, and her   
sounds and yelping had caught the attention of the other dogs before she came   
upstairs.  The dogs licked Patti's face and back, and she rubbed up against   
them in response.  
    
Mrs. Fisher sent the other dogs away.  She unhooked the leash from Patti's   
collar, and pulled her up on the couch.  She  jumped up in one shot, pulling   
herself up with her arms and palms.  Patti was still very tired, and laid down   
on her side, instantly putting her arms and legs down in front of her,  staring   
out at the TV screen activated by Mrs. Fisher.   
   
"Such a sweet little girl, you have responded so well, I will have to rethink the   
rest of the procedure for you, and perhaps take you to a more advanced stage!"    
Mrs. Fisher noticed the light as it reflected off Patti's stockings, despite all of   
the medication and transformation,  she was still quite a woman.  Since dogs   
like to have their stomachs rubbed, she put her hand underneath Patti's    
stomach and started rubbing it back and forth slowly, then alternating to circles   
moving up underneath her breasts.   
   
Patti's senses did not know how to react to this, her sub-conscious took this as   
a sexual advance, her brain was telling her to accept it as playful petting by her   
owner.  Patti rolled onto her back, pulled her arms and legs back and held   
them in the air, allowing Mrs. Fisher to use  both her hands to massage her   
entire body down to her vagina.  Mrs. Fisher's hands found their way to Patti's   
female parts, and without warning, she took two fingers and entered  her.    
Probing back and forth inside of her, Patti began to move her legs back and   
forth in response.  She was  getting wet, as was Mrs. Fisher, who was now   
rubbing deep inside her own body.   
   
Patti was whimpering, if she could speak, she would no doubt be moaning   
loudly right now.  Continuing to work inside herself also, Mrs. Fisher was   
working Patti into a frenzy of whimpering and body movements.  After a few    
minutes of bucking her hips forward, Patti collapsed into a massive orgasm,   
flowing into Mrs. Fisher's hands.  With Patti still lying on her back, Mrs.   
Fisher laid back  herself and continued to work on herself.  She was   
emitting soft  moans, loud enough to catch the attention of the dogs, and of    
course Patti.  Rolling over onto all fours, she crawled over to  Mrs. Fisher, put   
her head between Mrs. Fisher's legs, and started lapping at her.  As Mrs.   
Fisher's moans grew faster and louder, Patti's tongue moved faster and faster   
back and forth. Grabbing Patti's head, she let go of her own orgasm, which   
Patti continued to lap up, licking all around her.  Exhausted, Mrs. Fisher   
closed her legs and stood up off the couch.   
  
Clipping the leash to Patti's collar, she called  her off the couch and led her   
out of the room.  "Come my little girl. I need to rest, and I want my little girl   
to be  lying there waiting for me with the rest of the puppies".   
   
Led into Mrs. Fisher's huge bedroom, Patti was allowed to lay down across   
some huge feather pillows, while the other two dogs came in and rested there   
also.  Mrs. Fisher stretched out on her bed, and was soon drifting off to    
sleep.  
    
Patti's eyes slowly started to close on this day.  She could not recall or   
remember much of anything, but she knew her life was changing and would be   
changing more.  Not knowing what had happened to others who came before    
her, she did not know how true this was.    
  


Patti ON A LEASH - 4    
  
As the light from the early morning sun started coming through the slits in the   
blinds, Patti awoke from her sleep, and climbed down off the bed.  She really   
was not fully awake yet, but she was able to walk around the floor, stretching   
her legs. She did not  realize she was sniffing around the furniture as she   
moved around the floor, she also was moving with a great deal  of ease on her   
all fours.    
  
Mrs. Fisher awoke soon after, and after rolling over a few times in her large,   
soft bed, she too got up, and walked over to where her new little puppy was   
standing. She kneeled down and was scratching Patti under the chin, who    
responded by licking her hand.    
  
"Such a sweet little girl, come with me, I will give you some fresh water".   
Instead, Patti, at a fast pace, moved past her towards the door which led to the   
basement, to the sandbox.  
    
"What is it, do you have to go out, come on, speak, tell me what you want"  
    
Patti walked over to the door, and lifted herself up and started pawing at the   
door, and emitted short and rapid loud barks. Her sounds attracted the other   
dogs, who came running in behind her.   
   
Mrs. Fisher petted each of them and called them over to the outside door and   
pushed it open, letting them run free in the yard.  She then looked down at   
Patti, looking up at her pawing at the door.   
   
"You need to go downstairs little puppy, well, come on, lets go and see what   
you have learned". She opened the door, and Patti moved slowly but with   
confidence down the steps and ran through the basement to the other door    
leading to the special room.    
  
Mrs. Fisher followed shortly behind and unlocked the door, and Patti climbed   
into the box and went about her business. She soon climbed back out and came   
out of the room, and sat back on her legs in front of Mrs. Fisher.  "Well my   
little girl, you behaving so well, I may have to treat you, would that make you   
happy, speak for mommy, come on, speak little puppy".    
  
Patti began to bark over and over, pulling her hands in the air, trying to paw at   
Mrs. Fisher. She responded by petting Patti on the head, and started walking   
away down the cellar hall. Patti quickly followed her down the hall, yelping   
most of the way.   
   
Making her way to another storage room, Mrs. Fisher brought Patti inside to   
where there was another dog lying on a doggie bed.  Patti could sense other   
dogs there also. She tried moving over to where the scents were coming    
from, but Mrs. Fisher grabbed her by the collar and clipped her to the leash   
attached on the wall.   
   
"I brought you here Patti because this new mommy here needs some   
assistance, and you have just the right "parts" to help her out with". With this,   
she moved a board away from the doorway where she was standing and six   
puppies came running out towards her and the dog lying in its bed.  "You see   
Patti, this little mommy dog is just too tired from feeding her many pups, this   
is her second litter in such  a short time".  "With you here, we can put those   
milk filled tits to use, and get you prepared for when you have your own little    
pups, I might even let the dog who studded this litter try you!"    
  
Patti appeared to be alarmed at the dogs overrunning her, and watching them   
pull at their mother for milk. The mother dog just laid there as the pups fed on   
her.  
    
Mrs. Fisher unhooked Patti, and brought her over to another doggie bed where   
she was tied down. Mrs. Fisher removed the spandex strip which covered her   
breasts, and gently rubbed her breasts and nipples, making them moist and   
leaky.  Patti's nipples had become slightly longer due to the treatments, so   
when Mrs. Fisher brought two puppies over to  her, they instantly went to   
Patti's breasts and started drawing on them, causing her some initial pain and   
soreness  from their rough treatment. With maternal and animal instinct, she   
nuzzled and licked the pups as they fed on her, and allowed each puppy to in   
turn come over and feed from her full breasts.   
  
Mrs. Fisher looked at this and smiled with delight.  "Well my little girl, you   
are taking such good care of these little pups, I think this treatment and   
training, you may  be ready for some of your own!" "I think I will leave you   
here for awhile to get used to this part of your new life,  and will be back for   
you later, when we will start your treatments again."    
  
Mrs. Fisher came back a few hours later, and found both the dog, the puppies   
and Patti asleep, with one of the pups suckling lightly on one of Patti's   
nipples, drawing her sweet milk out.  She took the pup away from Patti,   
and put it with the others by its mom, where it soon was asleep next to its    
brothers and sisters.  Gently she shook Patti awake. and she stood up.  "Well   
my little milk machine, did you enjoy feeding the little pups, they seemed   
to like it VERY much!" Mrs.  Fisher took Patti's covering and pulled it around   
her breasts, pulling them tight in covering them up. She  noticed some   
moisture leaking through the fabric.  "Patti, you are leaking, you must be so   
full inside those beautiful breasts of yours, well, cannot have you walking    
around with your tits swaying in the breeze dripping milk!" She unhooked the   
covering again, and while Patti  looked up at her with a very curious face, she   
picked up a carry bag and pulled a breast pump out of it.  Mrs. Fisher   
proceeded to drain the ample milk from Patti's breasts as she laid on her back,   
stomach being patted  by Mrs.  Fisher. In no time she filled up several   
bottles with her sweet milk. She re-attached the covering around  her breasts   
again, and hooked a leash to Patti's collar.  "Come my little girl, there are   
tests to be done, and treatments to be given to you".  
  
Patti's breasts tender and sore,  she walked with Mrs. Fisher slowly down the   
hallway, balancing herself now with ease on all fours, walking  towards the   
next step in this process Mrs. Fisher was putting her through, her awareness   
of her previous  personality and situation quickly vanishing from memory.    
Patti soon found herself back in the same room where the transformation   
process began. Mrs. Fisher picked Patti  up and put her on the examination   
table. She tried to resist, but she was scared, so she stood on the table shaking    
and crying.  Looking around, Patti saw some other dogs in cages around the   
room. There were many different types of dogs  being kept, large and   
small. In a larger cage in the corner of the room, she saw a large golden   
retriever inside,  running back and forth to the cage door.  The dog seemed   
very excited, and some of the other dogs also seemed  excited by the retrievers   
presence and scent.  
    
Mrs. Fisher came over to Patti, and before she could react pricked her skin   
with a needle and administered a long injection of a clear fluid inside her. This   
was followed by two more similar injections. Patti was feeling warm,  and was   
now laying down on the table.   
   
"Well Patti, you must stay here now while this material takes hold of your   
system.  From here, if all goes according to schedule, you will spend some   
time in the cage there and I will monitor you reactions and see what and how   
you physically react and what happens from your encounter.  Meanwhile, this   
small injection will make you sleep and allow the chemicals to do their work".   
  
Patti felt one more needle prick her skin, and soon fell into a deep sleep.    
What she could not hear or feel was Mrs. Fisher picking up her limp body and   
putting it on a rolling table and bringing it over to the cage where the retriever   
was.  Patti's undergarments were removed, and she was placed on a bed on the   
opposite side of the cage. The retriever sniffed around close where she was, but   
a screen kept them apart, for now. The retriever laid down in front of the   
screen, eyeing the sleeping Patti.     
     

     
Patti On A Leash - 5   
     
While Patti slept, more physical transformations occurred.  Over a period of    
several days, a layer of fur, the color exactly matching her original hair color    
grew over 90 per cent of Patti's body.  Most thick along her back and over her    
buttocks, the fur tended to thin out across her belly.  Patti's breasts, vagina,    
plus the soles of her hands and feet were left bare. Even Patti's face became    
covered with a fine layer of hair.  Patti would never ware clothing again.    
    
Patti's body started to become more dog-like.  She was being reshaped.  Her    
hands and feet began to reshape themselves into paws.  Her arms started to    
lengthen while her legs began to shorten.  Patti's facial features began     
to change as well.  Ears lengthened.  Her nose flattened out.  And    
simultaneously the lower half of her face began to extend itself into the shape    
of a dog's snout.  Canines developed.  Mrs. Fisher's injections had the effect of     
altering Patti's genetic makeup.     
   
Patti's physical alterations would take place according to the pattern of her    
previous humanoid form.  For example, from her coccyx, her tail bone, a dog's    
tail would begin to grow.  The general proportions of Patti's torso would    
change little from her previously human form.  Unlike most conventionally    
created dogs, Patti's hips and chest would remain much larger than her waist.    
The sex organs of the previously human dogs remained virtually unchanged.     
An additional distinction is that she would not develop any  additional pairs of    
tits.  Her present pair of breasts, the size of which actually increased by the    
effect of the  treatments, would have to suffice to feed any of her future    
offspring.  A generous milk capacity compensated. The limitation of the    
number of tits on the female dogs was one of the  reasons that Mrs. Fisher    
desired to create more of the special bitch dogs.  A minimum number were    
required to nurse  the pups that were being born.    
   
More than physical differences such as the number of pairs of tits of the    
bitches distinguished Mrs. Fisher's transformed  dogs from the more normally    
produced variety. A more subtle difference between the two classes of    
dogs was the dramatically increased intelligence  of Mrs. Fisher's animals.     
   
Obviously, Patti's canine transformation wasn't going to be one hundred    
percent effective.  Some remnants of Patti's previous human condition would    
remain.  Although Patti's physical alterations would be permanent, her     
humanity would only be suppressed, not eliminated.  Occasionally in the    
absence of the effect of her new bestial instincts, glimmers of rational thought    
would come forth.  In the battle over rationality versus canine instincts, the     
instinctual response of a dog would dominate.   
     
Mrs. Fisher watched as Patti awoke.  After Patti's days of sleep, she was    
considerably more a dog.  The beginnings of a retriever perhaps.  The    
transformation would take many more weeks to complete.  Patti got up and sat    
on her hindquarters.   Hearing the other dogs, she was at first unsure on how to    
react.  Sniffing the air while simultaneously turning her head around, Patti    
then noticed the male retriever.  Any confusion quickly disappeared.  Sexual    
hormones immediately began to take affect.  The male retriever took notice as    
well. His large penis quickly became erect.  Patti rose up and rubbed herself    
against the screen separating the two animals.   In addition to her broadcast of    
sexual pheromones, her vagina began to become very lubricated.     
Unfortunately, all the male could do was to sniff Patti's vagina.  The screen    
prevented their mating.    
    
Mrs. Fisher beamed.  Hurrying over to Patti she promptly removed Patti from    
the cage.  As Patti stood on all fours on the floor, Mrs. Fisher reached down    
with he right hand to stroke Patti's vagina.  It was very wet.  "Just waking up    
and  already in Heat!  Not right now Patti dear, your not quite ready." Turning    
her attention to the male retriever, Mrs.  Fisher said, "She'll be yours soon    
enough.  You know darn well that Patti needs to develop a bit more before     
you may have your pleasure."    
    
The next few weeks were devoted to helping the new mother dog feed her    
many puppies.  Patti greatly enjoyed this.  She would lye on her back as the    
puppies came to in pairs to nurse.  Their sucking was quite pleasurable.    
One by one the little pups would come over to Patti and clamp their tiny    
mouths to one of her extended nipples.  Frequently Patti would have one pup    
at each tit vigorously sucking away her sweet milk.  As the days progressed,    
the nursing of the pups became easier and easier.  Patti was transforming more    
every day into a dog.   
    
Patti began to think how she would like to have her own pups.  Her thoughts    
returned to the lusty male retriever.   Occasionally when Mrs. Fisher was    
occupied with something else, Patti would sneak over to the male retriever's     
cage.  By a sequence of mutual barks and whimpers Patti and the male    
retriever would communicate their common desires.   
     
Like Patti, the mother dog had only a single pair of tits.  Her bodily    
proportions were distinctively not like that of a dog.  Each dog eyed the other    
during the feedings.  Patti had  no idea what the other bitch had been through.     
Patti would experience it soon enough.     
   
One day, Mrs. Fisher clipped  a leash to Patti's collar and walked her to the    
examination room.  By this time Patti's physical transformation was complete.    
"Now Patti it appears that you are finally ready for mating."  Mrs. Fisher then    
led Patti to a much large cage wherein the male retriever had already been    
placed.   
    

"Here she is, all ready for you.  I know I can count on you boy."  With that    
Mrs. Fisher pushed Patti into the cage with the male retriever.  Instincts took    
over.  The scent of bitch in heat greatly excited the male dog.  His penis    
became very stiff and large.  Unlike most male dogs, his penis lacked a penis    
bone, betraying his origins.  Going over to Patti, he first sniffed her vaginal    
area.  Patti replied with whimpers.  He then promptly mounted her.  With a    
rapid forward thrust of his hind quarters, his penis entered her wet vagina and    
he began to pump.   
     
Not missing a bit of the mating was Mrs. Fisher.  As if she was watching a    
porno-movie, Mrs. Fisher's eyes remained fixated to the TV monitors.     
Reaching down to her cunt with her right hand, Mrs. Fisher stroked herself     
as the mating progressed.  With a knowledge coming from much practice, Mrs.    
Fisher located the tiny bud of her clitoris.  Just like a little penis, her clitoris    
stiffened to her touch.  A soft sigh escaped her lips.  Watching the two dogs go    
at it made Mrs. Fisher extremely horny.    
   
Patti was overwhelmed by the desire to copulate.  An emptiness that she    
couldn't quite fathom had to be filled.  She brushed up against the male dog    
while whimpering her desires.  This action resulted in the male promptly     
taking her.  From behind, he thrust his penis deeply into her.  Grasping her    
sides with his front paws, her then bit down on the back of her neck.  Growling    
deeply, he furiously pumped his penis into her.  Rocking back and forth,     
Patti expectantly meant his eager thrusts.  Patti was being overwhelmed by    
spasms of pleasure.  Keeping her mouth open, quick pants barely kept up with     
her body's oxygen demands.  Deep primordial instincts that she couldn't    
control took over the movements of her  dog body.     
   
Finally joined with a loud growl, the male dog came within Patti's vagina.     
She was filled to overflowing with dog sperm.  Relaxing a bit he then     
withdrew from Patti and, his job finished for now,  proceeded to relax in a     
corner of the cage.     
   
Recovering her senses, bizarre thoughts cursed through Patti's mind.  The    
canine part of her satisfied, what was left of her humanity temporarily regained    
possession.  Something did not seem right.  She had just had sexual     
intercourse with a dog!  Patti sat down on her hind quarters and pondered her    
situation.  Her vagina as well as the back of her neck were somewhat sore.  But    
what could be so odd about sexual relations between her and her canine lover?     
After all, was she not also a dog?  hadn't she always been a dog?  Some deep    
suppressed memory told her that she wasn't meant to be this way.  Why was    
she having these thoughts in the first place?   Something was amiss.    
    
Mrs. Fisher would let the pair repeat their sexual act as many times as was     
required to impregnate Patti.  Mrs. Fisher was overjoyed at the thought of    
more puppies to increase the population  of her very special kennel. That    
her transformed dogs could breed to produce canine offspring pleased Mrs.    
Fisher to no end.  These animals were no mere bastardized sort of mule, no she    
had created a new totally independent species.   
    
Patti's belly would swell from the new life growing within her. Then after a    
period of time somewhat greater than  the gestation period of normal dogs, but    
less than that of humans, Patti would give birth to a litter of pups.  She would    
then join the other mother dog with her maternal duties.     
   
While Patti was still pregnant, Mrs. Fisher would periodically check on Patti's    
condition.  Patti found her going about to be a little slower than before.  Any    
hindrance of her movements didn't bother Patti.  Like any expecting mother,    
Patti was preoccupied with thoughts of nest building.  Practically every day,    
Mrs. Fisher would caress Patti's swelling belly.  Joining Mrs. Fisher in Mrs.    
Fisher's bedroom, Mrs. Fisher let Patti jump onto the bed.  Standing on all    
fours, now the only way that Patti could stand, Mrs. Fisher would run her    
hands all over Patti's fur covered body, from her head to her tail.  She would    
of course spend a little extra time at Patti's underbelly.  Mrs. Fisher was    
delighted with her latest creation.   
   
Running her hand across Patti's swollen underbelly, Mrs. Fisher beamed,    
"You've taken so well to the transformation.  And now heavy with a litter of    
pups!  I'm so pleased."   
   
Somewhere nested deep within Patti's tortured mind was a thought that told    
her that this was not the way she had intended to have a family.  It was a    
fleeting thought and quickly evaporated into the mist of unconsciousness.     
Patti's newly acquired canine instincts promptly took over.   
