
                         Wife Gang Bang F/mmmm+ -- 1/1

                                    Untitled
                                       by
                               watchbabe8@aol.com

      Let me share a story about my wife Patty and our trip to Lake Shasta last
spring. It was May, warm, spring, and she'd brought along all her sexiest
sportswear. Flirtatious midriff baring tops (I LOVE female navels). Short
shorts. Thong Bikini's. DEFINITELY set for some fun in the sun.

      This was supposed to be a "guys only" fishing trip, but SOME how, Patty
had finagled an invitation to come along and join the seven other guys and I.
Well, if you could see her maybe you'd understand why they didn't mind her
crashing the party!

      Patty is 26, petite, 5'3", 108, 32/28/34, smallish but very sexy and
sensitive breasts, dark haired, brown eyed, sultry little vixen! She looks
GREAT in just about anything sexy.  And her personality? Well, she's extremely
flirtatious, a tease, or should I say a NASTY tease. Enjoys playing the
exhibitionist and turning guy's on, and LOVES attention from men.

      How does this affect me? Well, not only do I not mind, but I have
encouraged her wanton sexual adventurousness. See, I'm a very non possessive
and also voyeuristic husband. Love to watch her experience total pleasure with
others, or even hear about it later. She's done a few pretty wild things.
Making it with a guy in the back seat while I was driving around town, Doing 2
guys at once in a high rise Marriot and calling me on the phone in the middle
to tell me about it, going away for a sexual weekend with male friend of hers
from school, even seducing a college kid 7 years younger than her one time. She
was watching him play volleyball at the beach and...

      Ahh, but we're getting off the subject. Back to the houseboat. The first
night set the tone for the whole weekend. It was about 85, sultry (like Patty
herself), she had on these denim Bongo shorts and a "peasant" style off
shoulder top, gathered just below her breasts in a tie front.  VERY appealing
on a dark skinned type like her. Anyway, a few beers down the road, the subject
of Patty's previous "exploits" came up, (her reputation had preceded her with
three of the guy's... and everyone there knew I let her "fool around).

      It was only a matter of moments before there were 8 of us tuned into
Patty's sexuality, lusting after her hungrily while she taunted us with a
couple of her most memorable experiences. We had this R & R playing on the
houseboat stereo (things are pretty deluxe on these houseboats) and she was
dancing around a little bit. Ended up being grabbed into Barry's lap, making
comments about his bulge while he was running his hands all over her. First
along her smooth bare sides, gently rubbing her exposed midriff, and while we
all looked on in envious fashion, he slipped his hands right under her little
elasticized top and started massaging her breasts. She seemed like putty right
then, just moaning and leaning her head back, though she did manage to untie
her little tie front top. Giving us all an erotic view of her hardened nipples
being rubbed and massaged by Barry.

      Patty can really play the slut tease role to the hilt. She sure played it
to the hilt that first night. I simply can't describe everything she did. But
to summarize it a little, she ended up sitting in everyone's lap. And kneeling
before each appreciative guy, and taking us all in every conceivable
combination except anally (which she isn't into).  And while her verbal
flirtations are usually fairly tame, in this situation she got TOTALLY nasty.

      Making her cheek bulge out to the limit with some guy's cock, after
several others and saying things to me like "Hey baby are you loving it,
watching all these guy's FUCK my mouth?"  Or when she was sitting on David's
dick, facing away from him and beckoning the guy's, "Come over here and squeeze
my tits, give me that cock." (2 quickly accommodating her, one in each hand).

      If she didn't have that aversion to anal, I'm sure she would have been
servicing  five hard cocks  at once some time in the evening.  But she did of
course have 4 at once, and several other combinations.

      Patty likes to mimic the X videos and out "nasty" the starlets, so she
ended up having every one of us cum on her face or all over her lips and tongue
and in her open willing mouth, with just a couple of exceptions. She likes to
have guy's cum on her body too so that she can rub the hot slippery streams
into her skin in naughty slut fashion. Besides, nasty as she is, she still is
concerned with wanting to play it on the "safe" side. So all the guy's that had
her juicy pussy had to have a condom on except me and a close friend of hers
who is also married.

      What a sight she was, cum on her cheeks, in her hair, a wicked smile on
her face, sitting on and riding Mark's rigid rod while we all talked nasty to
her.

      The rest of the weekend, she told us she would be our "sex slave." And
believe me, no one lost the opportunity to take advantage of it. She'd be out
sunning herself on the deck, and any of us could summon her inside for
servicing, oral or otherwise. Sometimes we just took her right there in the
sun, one or more at once if there were no other boats around.

      I don't know HOW we got any fishing in through all of this! But we did.
And we gave her a rest now and then. One of her favorite experiences I think,
is when we were all taking it easy on Sunday afternoon and she was laying back
in this lounge chair in the sun sipping her Margarita. Bikini bottom on, no
top. Nipples hard and inviting in the afternoon breeze. We took this bottle of
baby oil and all EIGHT of us gave her this long slow sensual front massage. She
was moaning and groaning and in seventh heaven. Climaxed ultra hard after only
a few seconds when John pushed aside her bikini and slipped a finger inside
her. All those male hands kneading her breasts and tummy and thighs and mound
while she was gently finger fucked.

      What a memorable sight that was. I STILL get a hard on every time I think
about that, or any of several OTHER things that went on that weekend. Anyway, I
must be mighty lucky to have such an open-minded and hypersexual wife. A
perfect match for my voyeuristic tendencies.

      And Patty can't wait for the encore annual houseboat trip, coming up in
just three weeks now!  Not surprisingly, we have a larger crowd this year. 11
guys counting me instead of 8. Guess the word got around. Not to anyone's wife
I hope! Shall I write a long story after our vacation??

      Hope you enjoyed the story. Bye for now.

