Part II
 
 
Thank you all for your comments and suggestion.  Part II is finally
here.  Hope you enjoy it!
 
 
Last bit of part 1 we saw Paulina standing in the corner getting
whipped by a leather strap.  She is wondering how and if she will
ever get out of this situation.
 
 
     Paulina could hear and feel the leather strap slapping her
buttocks.  Paulina's eyes were filled with tears as the Master
continued to whip Paulina.  Finally Paulina screamed out in utter
pain.  Paulina felt as though she could not take it any more.  The
Master stepped back.  Paulina felt a sense of relief because the
master had stopped whipping her.  Paulina thought could he have
some compassion for me?
     At that moment Paulina could feel the Master put his arms
around her.  The Master began to caress Paulina with his muscular
arms.  Paulina flinched at first but as the Master explored her
body she began to relax.  The Master began to unbutton Paulina's
blouse.  Within seconds her blouse fell on the floor behind
Paulina.  The Master then ordered, " Step back out of your pants
and remove your bra"  
     Paulina did as she was told and stood before him in her bra
and white cotton panties which were still pulled up between her
buttock cheeks.  The Master reached over and snatched Paulina's bra
off her exposing her 36-D breasts.  " Wow those are nice and firm!"
he exclaimed.
     Paulina's only response was, " thank you".
     "Thank you.  That's thank you Master.  Obviously you haven't
learned who is boss here yet have you? Well I guess I'll just have
to show you won't I!!!"  with that the Master grabbed Paulina and
threw her on the bed.  Paulina felt that this was her chance to get
away and tried to squirm off the bed onto the floor.  The Master
got wind of what Paulina was attempting to do and grabbed her hands
behind her back and bound her with his belt.  
     Paulina's hands were now bound behind her back.  Paulina
screamed in panic still trying to get away.  The Master then
flipped Paulina over and began smacking her face with his hand.  It
didn't take much to make Paulina stop but the Master slapped her at
least ten times across her face to teach her a lesson.  " From this
point on you are not to speak unless you are spoken to.  Is that
understood?"
     Paulina's painful reply was, " Yes Master ".  With that the
Master gagged Paulina with a heavy gag.  This gag was not just a
piece of cloth in her mouth but had a sort of sucker in it to keep
her mouth open.  " This should keep you quiet" the Master laughed.
 
 
 
 
 
