Archive-name: Casual/paul.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Paul


Paul called me Friday night and asked if I wanted to come over to his place
for a while. He said he'd just gotten some good reefer and thought I might
like a taste. It had been sort of dry lately, so I jumped at the chance to
catch a buzz. I pulled on a sweater over my jeans and leotard and grabbed my
coat. Paul's apartment is just a few blocks away, so I walked over in the snow.
I stopped at the 7-11 on the way and picked up a six-pack of beer, arriving at
Paul's within 20 minutes of his call. I knocked at the door and he let me in.
He had the heat cranked up and was just wearing cutoffs and a T-shirt. After
hanging up my coat, we sat down on the couch and he loaded a bong for me.
After a couple of deep tokes on the pipe, I was starting to feel the pot going
to my head. I was getting warm, so stripped off my sweater and tossed it on 
the chair. My nipples were still hard from the cold outside, and I noticed 
Paul staring at my breasts. I wasn't wearing a bra, so the outline of my 
nipples was quite visible. I like to show off my breasts, so his gaze was 
appreciated. We smoked some more and drank a beer. Paul moved over closer 
to me on the couch and put his arm around me tentatively. I relaxed and laid
back, doing nothing to discourage him. I was starting to get a little horny,
and thought perhaps Paul could help relieve me of the feeling. Sure enough, 
it was a matter of minutes before I felt his hand on my breasts, gently 
fondling and squeezing. I turned my head and we kissed deeply. He continued
playing with my breasts, and my nipples started getting hard again, though 
this time not just from the cold.  I could feel the wetness starting to build
in my pussy, and reached down to rub myself through my jeans. I felt Paul's
fingers at my waist, fumbling with the snap and zipper, and I helped unfasten
them. I raised my hips from the couch and wriggled a little so that Paul could
tug my pants off. I could see the bulge in his shorts growing and was anxious
to touch his stiff cock, so I unsnapped his pants and yanked them down over
his hips. He wasn't wearing any underwear, so his cock immediately sprang 
forward. I wrapped my fingers around the hard shaft and squeezed gently.
I still had my leotard on, and Paul slipped his fingers up my leg and began
slowly rubbing my pussy, which by now was soaking wet. I slipped the leotard
down over my shoulders and hips, and Paul helped pull it off. I was lying 
there naked now, and Paul dropped to his knees in front of me and started 
licking and sucking my breasts. His tongue felt real good as he licked 
around my nipples. I cupped one breast in my palm and offered it to him,
and he sucked eagerly. While he played with my tits, I had one hand on my
bush and was rubbing my pussy. I parted my wet lips with my fingers and slowly
eased one finger into myself. It really felt good, and I could hardly wait to
feel Paul's cock inside of me.  I was really hot now, and asked Paul if he
would like to eat my pussy. Without a word, he moved his head down to my
crotch and started licking the inside of my thighs. Slowly his tongue worked
its way up to my pussy, and he slipped between my wet lips and started licking
up and down my slit. It felt wonderful, and I ground my hips into his face,
encouraging him to slide his tongue into me. It didn't take much encouragement,
and his tongue felt like a miniature cock sliding in and out of me. He spread 
my lips with his fingers and licked my pussy until I was almost ready to cum,
but I wanted more. I pulled away from his eager mouth for a moment and changed
my position so that his cock was directly in front of my face.  He's got quite
a handsome cock, about 8 inches long and rather fat. I opened my mouth and
licked the huge purple head with my tongue before wrapping my lips around the
shaft. Slowly, I slid my mouth down over him as he continued licking my pussy.
His cock tasted nice, and it felt good having him in my mouth. I gradually
took more and more of him until his full length was planted deep in my throat.
Wrapping my lips tightly around his hard cock, I started moving my head up and
down, like my lips were a pussy. He moaned and continued licking me. I
gradually increased my tempo, sucking him faster and faster, until I felt him
getting ready to cum. I squeezed his soft balls with one hand as I sucked,
and before long I felt his sack tighten and the first few drops of cum shoot
out of him. I swallowed the first bit and then pulled him out of my mouth so
that he shot his load all over my face. Guys always get turned on at the sight
of cum dripping off my cheeks, and Paul is no exception. I licked up as much of
his juice as I could, and he lapped up what I couldn't reach. He seemed to
appreciate the taste of his warm juice almost as much as I did.  After he'd
cleaned my face, he went down on me once again, his tongue licking and teasing
my clit. He slipped two fingers into my soaking wet pussy and pulled them out
when they were good and wet. Then I felt his finger pressing into my asshole.
I resisted at first, but the gentle pressure continued and soon he had one
finger buried in my ass up to the knuckle. I relaxed and my muscles eased open
as he slowly worked his finger in and out. The combination of his finger 
working on my ass while his tongue worked on my pussy was too much for me to
take, and within minutes I felt a fantastic orgasm starting to build. Eyes
closed and oblivious to everything but the pleasure I felt, I let my climax
build and sweep through me. Paul kept licking and teasing as the juices
dripped down the inside of my thighs, and he licked up every bit. After all
of this, I was more than ready to feel his cock inside of me, and I begged him
to fuck me. I laid on my back, legs spread, as he moved into position between
my knees and starting rubbing the big purple head of his cock up and down my
pussy. He paused and placed the tip right against my pussy and slowly pressed 
into me. When his cock was halfway in, he pulled back and pushed a little 
deeper until I had the full length inside of me. He started stroking in and
out as I bucked my hips to meet his strokes. Gradually he increased the pace
until he was fucking me quite hard and I heard the soft sack of his balls
slapping against my cheeks. While he slid in and out of me, I told him how
good it felt to have his cock inside of me, and how much I loved for him to 
fuck me. My talk turned him on even more, and he contiued fucking me as hard
and fast as he could until I felt him tense and get ready to cum again.
This time, he pulled his cock out of me just as he was getting ready to shoot
and instead released his load on my belly. I watched the hot cum shoot from
his cock with fascination, and when he was through, rubbed the milky fluid
into my skin, licking my fingers clean when I was finished. Both feeling
rather exhausted by this time, Paul and I laid back on the couch and smoked
another bong. He went into the kitchen and got us each another beer and 
returned with a small stack of magazines as well. He tossed them down on the
table in front of me as he handed me my beer and smiled. I glanced down and
saw that what he brought was an assortment of `adult' magazines with titles
like "Fuck My Cunt", "Shaved Pussy", "Teenage Cock Suckers" and the like.
Still naked, I picked up one called "`Dildo Dollies" and started to flip
through it as I drank my beer. All the pictures were in full color and showed
different women, alone and in groups, using plastic and rubber tools on
themselves and each other. Since I really enjoy masturbating, I found it quite
fascinating.  Since I was still naked, it wasn't long before my hand wandered
down to my still-glistening bush and I started lightly rubbing my clit. Paul
just laid back and watched me, and I also really appreciated the opportunity
to play with myself in front of an audience. Turning the pages with one hand
while massaging my clit with the other, I noticed Paul watching with increasing
intensity. Wanting to offer him a good show, I spread my legs apart and raised
my knees up high so that my pussy was fully revealed. Spreading my lips with
my fingers, I smiled at him and asked if he  wanted to watch me. He grinned
and nodded, and pretty soon he was sitting in front of me jerking himself off
while I teased and rubbed my soaking wet pussy. I was as fascinated by the
sight of him stroking his cock as he was by watching my fingers at work, 
and we played with ourselves for quite a while. Finally I had an orgasm, and 
shortly thereafter I watched Paul tense as a small load of cum dribbled from
his cock. I moved over to him, took him in my mouth, and carefully cleaned
him off. We spent the next hour teasing, kissing and embracing each other
until the time came for me to go home. Paul loaned me a few of his magazines,
and I've been masturbating every evening while looking at photos of people
fucking and sucking each other in all manner of positions and in all sorts
of combinations. Its given me some new ideas on things that Paul and I can
try next time we get together, but I'll have to share that with you later.

--
