Paulina's Bondage and Discipline Part 1
 
     It all began on an rather normal day.  Something was to happen
to a nice girl today that would change her life forever.  Paulina
Stuntz was a women that seemed to others as a women with
determination.  Paulina was a symbol of today's modern women.  She
had a well paying job as well as a career.  Paulina was the type of
women that would never take shit from anyone.  Don't get me wrong
Paulina was not a manly women.  Paulina wore silk and satin, took
long bubble baths, and on special occasions spent hours in
preparation of herself.  Paulina seemed to have it all; although
one idea remained back within her mind.  It was her submissive
side.  Everyday Paulina had to make her own decisions, fight her
own battles, and on dates well once again make all the decisions
for the men.  Paulina felt today's men were wimpy and longed for a
real man.
     On a day like today Paulina set out for work in her new 1993
Honda Prelude, red of course!  As she traveled to work she
fantasized about the perfect man and what he would be like. 
Paulina became so caught up in her fantasies she did not realize
she had made a wrong turn and then one.  Paulina pulled over and
looked around.  None of the street signs looked familiar to her. 
She thought to her self, " How could I have made this mistake, I
travel the same way to work everyday! " Paulina seemed unsure of
herself as she stepped out of the car. 
     To her surprise a tall man with a medium built stood before
her.  Paulina was startled at first sight of him and grabbed in
desperation for her car door handle.  It was too late the strange
man had grabbed hold of Paulina.  The man said, "Please don't
scream!"  as he put his hand over her mouth " I think destiny has
brought us together!"
     At this time Paulina was stunned and obeyed his commands.  The
man lead Paulina into the house and sat her on one of the living
room sofas.  It was a simple house with rather shabby decor; 
something of the garage sale nature.  This did not surprise Paulina
the house fit the man's appearance.  This man Paulina saw before
her was not a typical man she might have dated or even had any
social contact with.  He stood about 6 ft tall, weighted
approximately 210 pound and overpowered Paulina in many ways. 
Paulina herself weighted 130 pounds and stood 5'5" tall.  Paulina
began to quiver as she felt a hard slap come across her face.
The man yelled, "sit still, or else!"
     Or else she thought what?  Paulina began to ponder as she
leaned back on the sofa.  The man said to Paulina, "forget your
life and forget your past.  From this day on I am your Master and
you are my Slave.  I will do with you as I please.  You are mine
from this moment forth."  Paulina quivered in shock with what she
had just heard, forever!
     The Master then grabbed the back of Paulina's hair and dragged
her into the bedroom.  Paulina cried out in pain.  Never had she
been treated this way by anyone.  The more she cried the more the
Master slapped her.  He commanded, " the more you cry the more
you'll get it!"  With that statement he threw her on the bed and
began to undo her shear rayon pants.  The pants she wore had a
zipper in the back which made them quite accessible to the Master. 
With a firm tug the Master had pulled her pants down past her knees
to expose her white french cut cotton panties.  " How cute"  the
Master said as he rubbed his hard cock.  Within that moment the
Master ordered Paulina to stand up and walk to the corner.  Paulina
stood up wearily and waddled to the corner with her pants still
around her ankles.  She felt completely embarrassed and ashamed of
her sense of vulnerability.
     The Master ordered her to keep her head turned away from him
and to have her eyes fix upon the wall.  Paulina could here a
clanging sound in the background and was tempted to look although
she did not dare.  She had already felt what disobedience could
bring to her.  As she stood there she felt a cold breeze on her
almost bare buttocks.  Paulina wondered what the Master had on his
list next for her.   
     Paulina felt as though she stood in that corner forever as the
Master made strange noises behind her.  Suddenly Paulina heard the
Master order her to pull her good girl panties up between her
cheeks to expose her buttocks.  Paulina did as she was told and
stood there uncomfortable and embarrassed.  The Master said, "Now
it is time for me to give you the beating of your life.  I need to
discipline a bitch like you into being a good slave. I shall spare
you no mercy!"  Paulina felt ashamed and scared to be in the
position she was in.  With that she felt a leather strap slap
across her buttocks.  Again and Again the leather strap slapped
across her buttocks.  Paulina tried to move, in order to get away
from the leather strap's bit, but wasn't able to.  Her cotton
panties dug deep into her wedge as she began to weep.  Again and
Again,  the whipping seemed to worsen as time went on.  The Master
yelled obscenities Paulina was not sure she had ever heard before. 
Paulina wondered when and if she would ever get out of this
situation!
 
 
 
