PAUL
 
Maybe this summer, thought Paul as he scanned the street for signs 
of other kids, things will be different. Maybe the big kids won't pick 
on me, and maybe I will make some new friends. God, I hate it 
when they tease me, or when they call me names. I hate it even more 
when they chase me down, and then beat me up. Mommy always 
makes such a fuss when I come home bruised and bleeding, and 
Daddy just shakes his head and turns away.
 
Paul Johnson is small for his twelve years. He looks more like a 
nine-year-old. His smallness, however, is not his biggest problem. 
His looks have been the cause of more of his problems than any 
other thing.
 
Paul is not a handsome boy, he is a beautiful boy. His features are 
fine, and his skin is as clear and smooth as a baby's. His looks 
would look much more natural on a girl, which is something the 
older boys mention, as they constantly torment the boy.
 
Blond hair and deep blue eyes finish the boy's beauty, and if the 
truth be known, even though he has a smallish body, it is nicely 
built.
 
Paul has always been a mommy's boy, every since he was little. His 
father had always tried to get him to participate in boy's things, like 
baseball and football, but Paul would have nothing to do with them, 
or with him. After one of his father's attempts at engaging the boy in 
sports, Paul would go crying to his mother complaining how rough 
his father played.
 
The mother always took Paul's side, while the father stormed off, 
shaking his head, mumbling "faggot" under his breath. Although 
Paul never heard his father call him a faggot, he did hear other boys 
call him one, day after day, and year after year.
 
Paul's mannerisms were somewhat feminine, at least to other, more 
rough and tumble boys. Paul wasn't, however, really feminine, he 
was graceful. Each of his movements, every one of his mannerisms 
was deliberate, and full of expression of self.
 
When Paul was not suffering from his father's attempts at making 
him into a "real" boy, he was off by himself, reading books, playing 
with his computer, or off  exploring nature in the wooded area 
surrounding his home.
 
It was while Paul was out collecting leaves and other specimins one 
afternoon about two weeks ago, that he came upon an older boy. 
The boy, Paul knew was named Danny. He was twelve, and lived a 
few blocks away from Paul.
 
At first Paul thought that Danndy was out in the woods with the 
other neighborhood kids, which meant trouble, so he hid, and 
watched Danny from behind a tree.
 
Danny did not meet up with other boys. He seemed to be alone, 
much like Paul. At first Paul though about approaching him, and 
trying to make friends with him, but then he thought better, and 
decided against it.
 
It was perhaps this decision which turned out to be one of the most 
important that he had ever made. If he had approached Danny at that 
moment, he probably would have never been introduced to a whole 
new world.
 
After looking around a few minutes to make sure that he was alone, 
Danny took off his shirt. Folding it carefully, he laid it on the 
ground. He then kicked off his sneakers, sending them flying a few 
feet into the air. Next came the socks, and then the older boy reached 
up, and unbuckled his belt.
 
Paul was frozen to his spot. He blinked his eyes a few times, not 
believing what he was seeing. Paul had always found other naked 
boys interesting, however, the only time he had an opportunity to 
see them naked was during shower time in gym. He had to sneek 
peeks only now and then, least he be accused once again of being a 
faggot, looking at guys naked bodies.
 
Whereas his slidelong glances in gym had been mere courosity, he 
was finding himself strangly excited over the prospect of seeing 
Danny naked in front of him. For the first time he felt his little cock 
begin to swell with what could be sexual excitement.
 
Paul had had hardons before, but normally they were piss ones, 
occuring because of his bladder being full in the morning. The few 
other times that Paul had an erection, he ignored it, not knowing 
what he could do to make it go away.
 
Turning his attention back to the older boy, Paul saw that Danny was 
now standing before him dressed only in his underpants. It was 
obvious that Danny had a hardon. His underpants were tented out in 
the front.
 
Paul's heart skipped a beat. Not only was he going to see Danny 
naked, he was about to see his thing up hard as well. Paul reached 
down and adjusted his own hardon in his pants. It was harder than 
he had ever remembered. There were new feelings associated with 
his hard dick, but he could not understand them, they were alien to 
him. Deep down he hoped that Danny would answer his questions 
through his own activities.
 
Danny, glancing around once more to make sure that he was alone, 
bent down a bit, and lowered his underpants, pulling them down his 
legs, and then off of his feet. He tossed his last remaining clothing 
onto the pile with his other garments, and then stood up straight and 
stretched, his arms extended high over his head.
 
Paul gasped involuntarly from the sight of the naked boy stretched 
out in front of him, his raging hardon sticking far out from his 
smooth, hairless groin.
 
Paul had never seen another boy erect, especially an older boy, so 
this was a real treat. Half of him wanted to run out to Danny. Half of 
him wanted to rip his clothes off, and be with the other boy, naked, 
and stretching.
 
Paul shuttered with his thoughts. He wanted to reach out and touch 
Danny. He wanted to touch the boy's hardon, he wanted to caress it, 
and he wanted to kiss it. 
 
Paul had never really understood the older boy's sex talk, but he did 
know that there was such a thing as blowjobs. He had been accused 
of giving other boys blowjobs, but he had never really given it much 
thought until now.
 
That's what he wanted. It hit him right then and there. He wanted to 
go over to Danny and give him a blowjob. Perhaps the other boys 
were right, perhaps they recognized something in Paul that he was 
only just beginning to realize.
 
Danny laid down on the ground, arching his legs a bit, spreading 
them wide. From his position, Paul could not only see the older 
boy's cock and balls, he could also see the boy's asshole, the 
opening expanding and contracting, and Danny running his hands up 
and down his chest and stomach.
 
Paul had wicked thoughts which brought an ear to ear blush. He 
thought how nice it would be to blow Danny in that position, and 
then to run his face down between the boy's buttocks, kissing, 
licking, and smelling.
 
Paul watched mesmorized as Danny began to fondle, and then stroke 
his erection. It seemed as if the boy's cock grew even larger as he 
began to fist it up and down.
 
Danny continued this action for a few minutes, until he visably 
shuttered, and then he stopped, squeezing his testicles hard between 
the fingers of one hand.
 
After a few minutes, Danny started up the stroking of his cock again. 
This time, however, he took a finger of his other hand and stuck it in 
his mouth. He took the wet finger and began to poke it around his 
asshole.
 
Paul almost cried out aloud, as he watched Danny push his finger up 
into his asshole. How he wished that he was naked, and that Danny 
was there pushing his finger into his asshole. Suddenly he wanted to 
have Danny's finger in his ass, and he shuttered, when he realized 
that he also wanted Danny's cock in his asshole. Cornholding! That 
was it. That was what all the boys had talked about.
 
That was what they had done to that little fifth grader that they had 
laughed and joked about in gym class. They had talked about how 
six of them had cornholded the boy, and how he kept wanting more. 
The boy, they said, was a faggot. After having had sucked his older 
brother's cock, and let his older brother fuck him in the ass, his 
brother took him out to the woods one day, so that he could do the 
same thing wtih his friends. His little brother was a faggot, he told 
them all, and they each took their turns on his little mouth and ass, 
the boy begging for more and more, seemingly not getting enough.
 
Paul realized that he was also a faggot like the boy's brother. If it 
had been him in the woods, he probably would have been begging 
for more as well.
 
Danny was stroking away at a mad pace, Paul's eyes not once 
leaving his body, taking in every stroke, every shutter, every 
pleasure which the older boy was experiencing. Paul understood at 
once that Danny was jacking off. It was the talk of all of the boys, 
however, Paul had never really understood what it meant, what it 
entailed. Now he knew. He knew how he could get rid of all of the 
hardons he seemed to be always getting. He knew how he could 
finally answer those horny feelings which were raging through his 
body.
 
When Danny reached orgasm, and his cock released its load, the 
semen shooting powerfully from his cock, Paul had to fight with 
himself not to go out to the boy and finish stroking his cock for him. 
Paul wanted to go out there any run his fingers through the cum 
spots now all over the older boy's chest and stomach. He wanted to 
lick up the boy's fluid, and he wanted to suck the remaining cum off 
from and from within his slightly deflated cock.
 
Common sense stopped Paul from acting rashly. Little did he know 
that it was a smart move on his part. Had he, however, gone out to 
the boy prior to his orgasm, he would have probably been greeted 
eagerly, the horny older boy wanting to use him sexually in place of 
his hand. Once the older boy reached his orgasm, he was like many 
other boys of that age. The sex was finished, the feelings gone. A 
certain amount of guilt was also associated with the act once it was 
over, especially if fantasy was part of the final climax. A boy in this 
post ejaculation period is best not approached.
 
Paul watched interestedly as Danny wiped his body with a 
hankerchef, and then dressed himself. As Danny made his way back 
out of the woods, Paul sat down, thinking about everything that he 
had seen, everything that he had felt, and about everything which he 
had wanted to do.
 
Paul was excited, however, he was also a little scared and confused. 
Without ever really having had sex with a boy, Paul realized that he 
was gay. He was a homosexual, a "dirty faggot," like the other boys 
alleged he was.
 
Being a faggot, however, could wait. Right now Paul had more 
pressing problems. His penis was so erect, so tender at that moment, 
he thought that it might break off. His hardon actually hurt him. He 
needed release. Now that he knew what the other boys did to 
themselves, he wanted to try it. He needed to try it.
 
Not caring if anyone were watching him, he began to undress, 
almost ripping his clothing off from his body in the process. Finally 
naked, he laid himself down onto the ground, down onto the soft 
leaf covered grass, and reached his hand downward towards his 
erection.
