    From the Diary of a Boy-Lover: The Sticky Pear Pair
 

    June 4
    
    Summer is beginning.  I'm sitting in the back yard.  I spent a little
time yesterday securing the tarpaulin screens around the deck, so
that I could feel safe enough be go nude.
 
    It becomes such a common state for me in the summer that I sometimes
forget about it.  No, I've not met the pizza boy at the door in the
buff; I don't forget that deeply!  I might meet Alex like that, of
course, if I know that it's him; that's different.
 
    The water in the pool is still very green.  Over the winter all kinds
of interesting plant life takes up residence there.  At the moment the
algicide is busy committing murder on a vast scale.  A pity to kill
all that plant life, but it can't be helped.  I refuse to get into a
pool unless I can at least see the bottom.
 
    The circulator jets are making constant smooth ripples.  In the
sunlight, the doomed algae seem to almost glow.
 
    Alex came by a little while ago.  His mother had come back from the
store with some nice pears, and he wanted me to have one.  We've
gotten used to sharing everything in the last few months.  That boy is
really starting to come out of the shell he had been hiding in when we
met.  That's in another part of this Diary, as you would expect.  You
might look at, oh April and May, if you're interested.
 
    Even after all of our many intimacies, it's still these little
affectionate gestures from him that melt my heart so completely.  That
he realizes this completely has become part of our constant "game".
 
    I'd been dozing in the late morning sun when the shock of the cold
pear suddenly pressing against m bare belly nearly launched me out of
my chair. 

    "AAAAAAGGGGGH!!"  I choked.
 
    Alex's high giggling disappeared behind me as I choked and sputtered,
trying to grab him.  I knew there was no use trying to catch him; at
10 years old, he had me hopelessly outclassed in the agility
department.  Of course, experience had taught me that eventually he
would let me "catch" him, if he wanted to be caught and tickled -
which he usually did.
 
    Alex kept just out of reach behind me.  I cried "Angel or Devil I
call thee out, spirit!" in my best John Barrymore voice.  Alex's
giggling became muffled as he pretended to be a spirit.  This tactic
did not, however, disguise the slender shadow he cast.
 
    Calculating carefully I reached around suddenly and grabbed him and
dragged him squealing around in front.  I looked him up and down.
 
    "Aha!" I said.  "This is no spirit, it's a boy!  What's your name,
boy?"  Now I was Peg Leg Pete from Treasure Island.
 
    "You know who I am!"  Alex said, in a reproving tone which was only
slightly serious.  I have to be careful not to play too rough with
him.  I smiled, and his features relaxed.
 
    "Well then, if you're Alex my special Angel, what's the password,
eh?" 

    He burst into a big grin and said, holding his head high, "Bare Buns
Are Best!"  and then burst into giggling again. 

    I nodded and laughed.  Alex leaned forward towards me and puckered. I
leaned towards him and we kissed.  Part way through the kiss became
dramatically less chaste, probably soon after he opened his mouth and
slid his little pointed tongue over my lips.
 
    I reached out and he came into my arms and for a long moment all
we knew was the warmth and pleasure of our kiss.
 
    Eventually we both came up for air.  Alex said, somewhat
breathlessly, "You've popped a boner, Rob!", pointing into my lap.
 
    Lightly touching the obvious bulge in his shorts, I said "Well, I'm
not the only one, Alex my sweet!  Let's bring it out where we can both
enjoy, eh?"  Reaching around to tug at the waistband of his shorts, I
encountered something round and cold he was clutching behind him. 

    "And what it this you're hiding?"  I said, stroking his little
erection.
 
    He giggled.  "You know what that is, silly!".
 
    "No, silly, not this" I said, gently squeezing his penis, "this!",
putting my hand on what he was holding behind his back.
 
    Suddenly shy, he brought out a beautiful brown Bosc pear, may
favorite kind. "I brought this for you, Rob." 

    How many times, and how deeply, has this beautiful boy melted my
heart?  A hundred? A thousand?  No matter how many times, it is always
wonderful.  A boy loves so completely, so honestly, and, if he is
allowed, so freely. 

    I smiled, but tears were not very far behind.
 
    "Thank you, Alex, I love pears."  I took the pear from his hand and
admired its dark, slightly pebbly skin. 

    Taking a small bite, I leaned forward, offering him the little piece
I had bitten off.  This was the beginning of one of our rituals, one
that he had started.  It had started a month ago with a bite of
hamburger, as a sort of a messy joke. However, after a while the
erotic quality of this kind of sharing grew into a symbol for our
relationship: he fed me, I fed him. 

    I know, it sounds gross.  But if you were 10 (or in love with someone
who was...) you would understand. 

    His eyes sparkled as he pressed his lips to mine, and I pressed the
bite into his mouth.  He chewed it up.  This time he changed the game.
Instead of swallowing it, taking another bite, and passing the new
bite back to me,  he shoved the old, half-chewed bite back into my
mouth. 

    Not to be undone, I took a big bite of the pear,  pulled his lips
to mine, and passed this messy mass back to him.  He started giggling
again, chewed a little more, and tried to pass the now really slimy
blob back again.  I resisted, and half of it fell on my lap. 

    I had half chewed pear in my pubic hair and he had chunks of it all
over his nose and chin.  Alex dropped to his knees and started licking
up the pear in my lap, picking the little chunks with his teeth.  I
gasped as he licked a sticky piece from the head of my penis.  Soon he
was licking me in places where no pear had yet fallen, but I was glad
to submit to his ministrations.
 
    I pulled him up onto my lap, my penis pressing against his warm, bare
leg.  I started licking his face and chin, trying to get to all the
sticky places.  Soon  we were laughing and licking each other wildly.

    It's amazing, once I started this, how many parts of him seemed
to need licking.  Pulling his shirt up and over his head, I paid very
close attention  to his little nipples, especially after they became
hard.  After I had licked them  and rubbed his belly with the leftover
core of the pear, I eased Alex down onto the deck so I could lick him
all over.
 
    I don't remember if I took off his shorts or if he did.   At some
point, he parted his bare thighs, inviting me to taste the tender
fruits growing there. I did, gladly. I knelt over him, rubbing the
disintegrating pear core over his body, especially into his warm
crack, around his hairless balls and impossibly hard penis.
 
    He took the last few bits and rubbed them into my scrotum. 

    We were rapidly becoming quite a mess.
 
    "Looks like we've got a lot of cleaning up to do!"  Alex said,
pushing me down onto the my back on the deck.
 
    Obediently I lay back.  Alex straddled my head while I slurped at the
sticky mess I'd made all over his sweet body. 

    He returned the gesture, taking the head of my hard cock into his
warm mouth, carefully keeping his teeth away from my skin.  We sucked
and licked each other for some time this way.  I loved watching his
soft bottom flex at close range as he pressed his penis as far into my
mouth as it would reach. 

    I found his pink little hole and rubbed my finger around the outside.
He relaxed, inviting my finger in.  I gladly compiled.  He groaned in
pleasure at this invasion.  The warmth inside his body constantly
amazes me.  One of these days I know that my hard cock will find its
way into this warmth.  As always, though, I let Alex take the lead in
this. 

    Soon the pistoning of his hips was hot and insistent, alternately
fucking my mouth and grabbing my finger as it stroked his prostate.
Soon the pleasure in his body became so great that he let go of my
penis and lay there on my belly gasping and moaning.  My own pleasure
at his passion could not have been greater.  When his passion is high
like this I stand in awe.
 
    His orgasmic cries were sudden and explosive.
 
    "Ah!  Ah!  Ah!", one for each spasm of his anal sphincters gripping
my finger, one for each dry pulsation of his little cock on my tongue.


    He turned around and lay panting on my chest.  I wrapped my hairy
arms around his narrow shoulders and held him as his breathing slowly
calmed down. 

    "Alex?" 

    "Hmmmm?" he answered sleepily. 

    "That was quite a pear." 

    Alex purred and snuggled his blond head into my beard. 

    So, after a little nap together, Alex and I cleaned off the remainder
of the pear, and he reluctantly dressed and headed back to his house.
I was stiff and a bit sore from lying on the hard deck.
 
    However, I am honored when Alex selects me to serve as his mattress.


                                   * * *
 

    I must have dozed off again, in the chair, because the light on the
pool is quite a different color now.  The slant of the light tells me
that some time has passed. 

    I'll have to stop now, however, because Alex is back. 

    He is grinning wickedly and carrying the biggest peach I've ever seen.
