Archive-name: Fetish/peeping1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Peeping - 1


I am a avid lawnworker, and late the other night I was outside and
had been eyeing my sexy neighbor, and I heard her car drive up,
so I stood in the yard between our houses in a dark spot and watched
to see if her window would soon light up, you see the house is rented
and the curtains don't fit well, so I've got a good show if I time
it right...

 Well the light came on, and I was right.  It was Shannon (the girl)
and she came into the bedroom.   There was about a 6 inch
gap in the curtain, so I had no problem seeing her.  She had
several bags in her hands, and it appeared she had been shopping.
She threw all the bags on the bed and walked into the bathroom.  I can
see it from the end of the window, so I went to the end of the window and
looked into her bathroom in just enough time to see her pulling her
pants and panties down to her knees as she sat on the toilet.  She sat
there for a few minutes,  she looked down at her pussy a couple of
times, and then got some paper and whipped.  She stood up and pulled
her panties up but stepped out of her jeans.  She walked back towards
me at the window, and leaned over the bed an grabbed one of the bags.
She had several bags of new clothes, and I figured out that she was
probably going to try them on again, now that she could take her time.
I was right.. she unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it off, and she was
wearing a white lace bra.  She has pretty large breasts and the bra was
really full.  She undid her bra and threw it on her dresser.  Her breasts
drooped, but the nipple still pointed up.  The dark part of the nipple
is large, about the size of a half dollar.  There she stood, sholder
length blonde hair,  thin,  larg er than normal breasts that both had a
hard nipple, and nothing but sheer white panties.  She pulled a
dress out of a bag and pulled it on.. buttoned it up, it was ok.. but
I was really wanting her to take it back off.. she hung each new piece
of clothing in the closet after she tried it on, and then she opened a
smaller bag and took out a new bra and some panties.  She folded the bra
and put all but one of the pairs of panties in her drawers.  She then
did exactly as I had hoped.. first of all she went and stood and looked
at her almost naked self in the mirror.  She cupped her breasts so she
could admire their weight.  She rolled her nipples inbetween her thumb
and index finger,  her nipples became harder and stuck out farther,
almost the length of the last joint on your little finger.  She then
slid her right hand down into her panties, and just kinda
stroke/scratched.  After a few minutes she slid her panties down just
enuff to see her pussy and then she scratched and stroked some more.
She didn't seem to be trying to "get off" she was just enjoying the
feeling, and I was enjoying the show.  After a few minutes, she bent all
the way over and slid her panties all the way down her legs.  Her breasts
looked so good hanging straight down as she stepped out of her panties.
Now she stood in front of me TOTALLY NUDE.  I had a throbing problem in
my pants, so I slipped my hand down the front of my shorts and inside my
briefs, and I stroked the head as I continued to watch.  She turned a
little away from me and bent over and put the new panties on, but as she
was bent over, I could see her pussy lips from the back, I could see her
tush, her small hole, and her pussy lips covered with the light brown
hair, I almost creamed, and I unzipped my pants and thought what the
heck, pulled my cock out where I could really rub it and I continued
watching her.  She pulled her panties up and stood admiring herself,
again stroking her nipples and then reaching down she stroked her
pussy on top of her panties.. she stroked harder on top of the sheer
white fabric.. then she pulled the material to the side and I again
could see her curls.  She used her other hand and gently started
strokin her crack... then she pulled her panties down just as before,
just below her pussy and stroked a little harder... she looked at the
mirror and then down at her crotch and then back at the mirror.. the
windows were shut but I think she was probably moaning slightly...
her mouth hung open and she was not thinking about anyone or
anything... she couldn't ignore that sensitive spot between her legs.
I continued rubbing my cock, but I had even had to stop a few times,
I was afraid I would cum too early.. she walked backwards till she
could sit on the bed and then she scooted back on the bed and put her
feet up on the bed too.. her legs were spread  and her knees were
wide spread, and her panties were halfway down her thighs.
She couldn't see the mirror now so she just looked at her crotch
as she started stroking harder and harder.. faster and faster..
every once in a while she would get some juice from her hole and
spread it up.. and then she would concentrate on her clit again..
it appeared to be very sensitive.. and I was too.. I noticed her
breathing starting to be like she had run a long time, almost
panting, and I saw some sweat starting to form across her slick
stomach.. I knew she was about to cum.. and I didn't want to be
too late, so I stroked harder and I felt my cum start.. it felt
great.. I was grunting and jerking my hand up and down.. and
shooting a big load of white cum on the side of her house and a
little got on the window.. she continued for a few more minutes and
then she slammed her knees together and pushed her thighs together
and I could hardly see her pussy but her fingers were still stroking
up and down and the best I could tell she had started cumming..
she thrust her hips into the air, and after about 10 thrusts.. she
slowly came down.. she laid there about 2 or 3 minutes..
resting.. then she pulled on a night shirt, pulled her panties back up..
washed her hands and went down the hall to the living room.. her husband
wasn't home, and I could see the tv come on...
  it was WILD.... she looked great enjoying herself.. I will let
 you know if I see anything else.. only here on RUSTY and EDIE's.

--
