Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


For those of you who didn't seem to enjoy my sojourn into the field of
erotic-horror, I offer this little tidbit of mother/son fun...

Hope you enjoy...


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.)

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Probably Be
Offended.

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story is Baron Darkside and
I retain All Copyrights. 

Writers need feedback (positive or negative) if they are to continue
to write. So, if you like the story please let me know at:

bdarkside@hotmail.com. 

I Hope That You Enjoy This Story.     


INCESTUOUS FANTASIES OF MOTHERS AND SONS
FROM THE CRYPT OF BARON daRKSIDE
Fantasy Number 56
(The Peeping Tom)
A Tale of Incest by Baron DArkside


Hot.   It had to be over a hundred and ten, Josh thought as he trudged
home from school.  
The broiling temp wasn't the only thing that had Josh heated up.
It had all started a week earlier when he had been walking home from
school.  Some kids had been playing ball in the street and had thrown
a ball into some bushes next to his neighbor's house.  Josh had gone
behind the bushes to get the ball for them.  As he leaned down to pick
up the ball, he saw there was a big knot hole in the fence.  Glancing
through it, he saw his neighbor, Nancy Howell sunbathing in the nude.
Every day since then, he could hardly wait for school to get out so he
could stop off and check her out.
His neighbor, Nancy was about the same age as his mother he knew that
his mother was forty-two.  Nancy was pretty nice looking for an older
woman, Josh thought, but he took little notice of anything other than
her tits and tush.  He spent most of his time staring at her big
breasts tipped with their cups of dark brown skin and hard round
nipples.  And when he wasn't staring at her breasts, he was ogling the
dark, furry bush between her legs trying to catch a glimpse of her
pussy.
Then, Josh had seen something that made him even hotter. 
He had nearly croaked when he looked in and saw her playing with
herself right out in the open.  As he watched on in fascination, he
saw that she had the lips of her pussy spread apart and she was gently
fingering herself. He had watched her for a good three or four minutes
before she stopped playing with herself and rolled over onto her
belly.  He had waited around for a few more minutes, but she seemed to
be taking a nap, so he had headed for home.  
Josh was a senior in high school.  Although he thought of himself as
fairly good looking, he was extremely shy around all members of the
opposite sex except his mother.  He had gone out on a few dates, but
he hadn't scored yet.  This was why he found watching his neighbor so
stimulating.  This was his first exposure to a real, live woman in the
nude.  Now it was the only thing he could think about.  He was so
horny, he had nearly came in his pants, right there behind the bush
watching her play with herself.  
Now he was having difficulty walking with his big cock rock hard and
painfully trapped inside his pants.
"Hey, Mom, I'm home," he hollered, finally limping into the house and
tossing his books down on the kitchen table.
Not hearing an answer, he shuffled over to the patio door and looked
out by the pool where his mother spent most of her afternoons.  Sure
enough, his mother was lying out be the pool, tanning herself.   
Thank goodness, he thought, quickly loosening his pants and pulling
out his tormented tool.  Holding his wounded pride in his hand, he
gently massaged the bloated monster as he spied on his mother.  She
was wearing a two-piece string bikini that left very little left to
his imagination and in his inflamed state of mind, Josh suddenly found
himself enthralled by her figure.  Even in his usual state of sexual
arousal, he had never thought of his mother sexually.  But now,
standing behind the curtain with his erect penis in his hand and
hormones coursing through his system out of control, he hungrily
devoured her with his eyes.
She was lying on her stomach with her pert, little, round, ass
sticking up in the air as his eyes roamed over her body.  When he was
able to tear his eyes away from her tight, firm butt, he let them
travel down her beautiful, long, graceful legs.  Even her dainty
little feet gave him a thrill.  God, he thought to himself, I never
realized how truly sexy she was.  
Then, out of the blue, Josh felt a familiar tingle in his already
overheated cock.  God, what am I doing?  Standing behind the curtain,
staring at my mother and beating my meat.  What kind of cretin have I
turned into?
Damn it, it's not my fault she's so damn good looking and wearing next
to nothing, he rationalized, slowly stroking his throbbing cock.  Then
he found himself wondering what her tits would look like without a
bikini.  They looked like they were every bit as big as Nancy's, but
what did they really look like?  Were they big, round, and droopy like
Nancy's?  Or did they stick out like some he had seen in pictures?
How big were her nipples?  Was the skin around them dark like the skin
around Nancy's nipples?
Then almost as if his thoughts had compelled her to move, she slowly
rolled over onto her back.  As she did, she glanced over at the patio
door where he stood hidden behind the curtain.  Then turning away from
him she reached down and slowly peeled her bikini top back away from
her breasts.
He hadn't been prepared for such a surprise and nearly fainted when
her big breasts slowly emerged out from under her bikini top.  Her
breasts were beautiful, he thought as he stared at them.  Big, round,
soft mountains of wiggly tanned flesh swelling up from her chest
majestically.  It was apparent that his mother also spent considerable
time sunbathing without the benefit, or hindrance of a top as there
was hardly any tan lines distinguishable at all.  As he continued to
stare, his mother poured out a handful of suntan lotion into her hand
and leisurely spread it over her breasts, sending them into wiggling
and jiggling convulsions.  His mother's breasts were much prettier
than Nancy's.   For some perverse, freakish reason, Josh felt a twinge
of jealous pride knowing that his mother's breasts were bigger and
prettier than her neighbors.
Lewdly comparing his mother's breasts with Nancy's breasts, he saw his
mother's breasts were rounder and fuller.  Compared to the big, dark
cups tipping Nancy's breasts, the dusky pink cups tipping his mother's
imposing breasts were smaller, but they stuck out more.  For some
reason, that made them seem much sexier.  His mother's nipples looked
bigger and softer than Nancy's nipples.  His mother's nipples looked
two ripe, sweet raspberries perched atop the pink cups of pebbled
flesh.  Josh had never seen such a lovely pair of breasts in his whole
life.  His mother won the tit contest hands down.
Josh suddenly found himself sweating.  His cock was so hard, he
thought it was going to burst.  And if he didn't stop stroking it, it
would.
Then as he struggled to keep from cumming, he saw his mother sit up.
His eyes nearly jumped out of his head as he watched her delectable
breasts bounce and dance about seductively.  His mother yawned and
stretched for a whole ten or fifteen seconds as Josh watched on in
awe.  Finally, she glanced down at her watch and then reached up and
poked her breasts back into their cloth prisons.  With her breasts
once again partially hidden from view, she picked her glass and stood
up.
Josh turned and tore up the stairs to his room.  Jumping inside, he
quietly closed the door.  Leaning against the door panting, he tried
to catch his breath as he heard his mother calling to him.
Waiting for a few moments, he finally opened the door and answered
her.
"I'm up in my room, Mom, I just got home," he told her.
When he didn't hear her respond, he stuffed his cock back into his
pants and walked over to the railing.
Looking down, he saw her standing at the foot of the stairs looking up
at him  with a silly smile on her face.
"Why don't you come down and rub some lotion on my back for me,
honey?" she suggested. 
"Uh, sure, Uh, Mom," he stammered foolishly, "as soon as I change into
my trunks, okay?"
"Sure, darling," she smiled up at him, "I'm going to have another
drink, would you like one?"
"Sure," he said, unable to keep his eyes off her bulging bosom that
threatened to escape from her bikini at any moment, "that sounds good,
it is so hot."
"It is hot, isn't it?" she responded inanely, "Almost too hot for
clothes."
"MOM," he laughed nervously.
"Just joking, darling, just joking," she laughed softly, "I didn't
mean to offend your sense of decency."
Sense of decency, my ass, he thought as he watched her walk over to
the bar.
"I wish you were naked," he lewdly whispered, admiring the way her
buttocks quivered and twitched as she walked. 
When she slipped behind the bar, he shook his head in approval and
hurried back into his room. 
Striping his pants off, he gave his thick, swollen manhood a few more
quick jerks before he slipped into his bathing trunks.  Looking down,
he saw that his excitement was just a little too obvious.  Trying to
hide the huge bulge in his shorts, he wrapped a towel around his
waist.  Then with his state of arousal partially hidden, he carefully
stepped down the stairs, hoping not to dislodge his throbbing penis.
Arriving at the foot of the stairs, he saw that his mother had already
returned to the patio.  With due precaution, he shuffled out onto the
patio and saw his mother waiting for him.
The raucous beat of rock and roll blared out from the speaker above
the door.
His mom did love her rock and roll, he grinned, keeping step with the
beat of the music.
He ambled over to where she lay and picked up his drink.  Turning it
up, he downed half of it before he realized how strong his mother had
made it.  Coughing and sputtering, he set his drink down and tried to
catch his breath.
"Wow, Mom," he spluttered, "are you trying to get me drunk?"
"No, Darling," she said, "just trying to make us even."
"Oh," he responded, sitting down on the chaise-lounge by his mother,
"why is that?"
"I'm afraid that I got some bad news today," she sniffled, "and I just
wanted someone to get drunk with me."
"OH," he gulped, now that he was up close he could see that his
mother's eyes were red and swollen.
"Jeez," she groaned, "you must think I'm horrid, trying to get you, my
own son drunk because I wanted a shoulder to cry on."
"Uh, No, uh, it's okay," he stammered, not knowing what else to say.
He knew that his mother drank a little too much since his father had
been killed in a car wreck three years ago.  Josh had helped his
mother to bed on several occasions after she had drunk herself to
sleep.  It was their little secret.  No one needed to know that his
mother, Diane had a drinking problem.  Josh didn't feel that it hurt
anyone as long as he was around to watch over her.  Besides that, his
mother let him drink around the house, too.  But, she had never tried
to get him drunk.  What was up, he wondered.
As the numbing sensation of the alcohol slowly spread over his body,
he took another sip.
"What happened?" he asked her.
"John called this morning," she sniffed, "and, and, he said, that he
was sorry but he didn't think we should see each other any more."
"What?  Did he say why?" Josh mumbled wondering why his mother's
boyfriend had decided to end their relationship.
"No," she wept, "he just said that he didn't think we were
compatible."
"That's too bad," Josh sympathized.
His mother hadn't been too successful with relationships since his
father's death, he thought.  John had been her third suitor, but for
some reason, they didn't last long.  He felt sorry for her.  He wished
she could find someone that could give her the love and affection that
she deserved.  Why couldn't they see what a loving, caring woman she
was?  Well, someday, one of them would realize what a treasure she
was.
"Oh, he probably found some young thing with a body that would stop a
clock," she fussed.
"I didn't think that John was that stupid," Josh said. 
"Why do you say that," she asked drying her eyes.
"When a man has a loving, caring woman," he went on, feeling the
alcohol give him the nerve to complete the sentence, "who is the best
looking lady in town, he would have to be stupid to leave her for some
hardbody."
"Oh, Josh," she gushed, "you always know just the right thing to say."
"Hey, you taught me all I know," he smiled.
"I don't know why I keep trying to find a man," she smiled back at
him, "when I have you.  Maybe I am the stupid one."
"I don't know, Mom," he said, "I can't give you the same thing."
"Well," she paused, looking up at him with a strange look in her eyes,
"maybe not, but anyway I just wanted to get drunk with my best friend
and just forget about John."
"Well, tomorrow is Saturday and I don't have to go to school," he
smiled, touching his glass to hers and tossing the rest of his drink
down, "I am at your beck and call."
"What would I do without you?" she smiled up at him, "My Sweet Josh."
Blushing, he smiled back at her, not knowing what else to say.
"Well, are you going to make your mother wait all day?" she complained
playfully.
"What?" Josh sputtered flustered, wondering what she meant.
"My sun tan lotion," she grinned knowingly, "remember?"
"Oh, Yeah," he muttered, picking up the tube and filling his hand with
the creamy lotion.
Moving his mother's long, blond hair aside, he proceeded to coat the
soft, velvety skin of her shoulders and neck with the lotion.  Once
the creamy ointment was spread out, he began to rub it in, massaging
her neck at the same time.  He could feel the effects of her drinking
as the muscles in her neck and shoulders were soft and pliant.
"Oh, that feels soooooo gooooood," she murmured, "don't ever stop."
After a few minutes, he spread more of the ointment over her arms and
shoulders, kneading the muscles beneath her soft, supple skin as he
went. 
His erection had momentarily waned as he listened to his mother's
story.  But now as his hands moved over her satiny skin, his cock
began to swell once again as he recalled what her exquisite breasts
had looked like in the hot afternoon sun.  Soon it was even harder
than before.  As his fingers caressed and stroked the skin of her
back, he couldn't explain the feeling that was coming over him.  He
had never felt himself attracted to his mother in this way.  Never in
his whole life.
He knew that his mother needed someone to help her through this latest
crisis in her life and he felt terrible for thinking about her the way
he was.  He was a monster, he thought to himself as his fingers probed
the muscles of her back.  He was a degenerate low-life unable to
control his emotions around his own mother.  Still, no matter how hard
he tried, he couldn't stop the feelings.
Then, his fingers touched the strap of her bikini top.
Suddenly, an evil thought raced through his brain.  Would she let him
unfasten her bikini top?  Just the thought of experiencing such an
intimacy with her sent another jolt of electricity tearing through his
cock. 
"Uh, Mom, I need another drink," he muttered, standing up.
"Freshen mine too, Baby," she crooned, handing him her glass.
Hobbling into the house, he stopped just inside the door to resituate
his disobedient prick.  Finally able to walk without pain, he went to
the bar.  Filling his glass, he gulped down half of it before he
refilled both glasses and started back outside.
Shuffling across the patio, he nearly dropped both glasses when he
looked over at his mother.  She had unfastened her bikini top herself.
His cock nearly leapt out of its confinement when he saw this.  While
the sight of her bronzed bare back wasn't the sexiest thing he had
ever seen, the fact she didn't have a top on sent thrills rushing up
and down his spine.  She must be getting tipsy, he thought.  She
certainly didn't know what he was thinking, or she wouldn't have
removed the top of her bikini.  In fact, she would probably run into
the house screaming.
Taking another quick drink, he set the glasses down.  Slowly sitting
back down, he admired the swell of her breasts as they extruded out
from underneath her.  He sat staring at them for several moments
before he finally dug his fingers into her back muscles once again.
Even then, he still couldn't take his eyes off the soft, golden tan
balloons of flesh swelling out from underneath her.  The rounded
softness was only slightly less tanned than her bronzed back.  It was
so sexually stimulating, it took all the will-power he could muster to
keep from running his hands down to the twin extrusions of flesh.
"Oh, Josh, that feels so good," his mother sighed as he continued to
work his way lower down her back.
"I'm glad you like it," he mumbled, ashamed that he was having such
lewd thoughts about his mother.
Lower and lower he went until his hands were kneading the soft upper
swell of her buttocks.  Sweating profusely again, he stopped and
filled his hands with more lotion.  Slowly spreading the lotion
around, he went as low as he dared onto her round rump.  Then he began
to rub her, moving his hands in tight little circles.  Hesitantly, but
persistently, he slowly moved his hands lower and lower, encompassing
more and more of the soft, pliant flesh of the cheeks of her ass.
Again, as before, his fingers once again encountered the material of
her bikini.
Should he?  Could he?  Would she let him undo her bikini bottom?  She
had loosened her top, but this was even more perilous.  This would
expose her ass and possibly her pussy.
Quickly downing his drink, he rose once again.
He needed to find more courage before he could debark on his journey
to the final frontier.
"Uh, Mom," he bumbled, "I'm going to refill my glass.  You want
another drink?"
"UH, What, already?" She muttered sleepily.
"Just trying to catch up with you," he chuckled nervously, not wanting
to seem too obvious.
"Uh, well, let me finish this one first," she mumbled, rolling over
onto her back and picking up her drink.
As she rolled over, Josh was presented with a spectacular view of her
big, bare, breasts.  But, this time he was close enough to reach out
and touch them.
He almost swallowed his tongue and his eyes bulged out of his head.
But she seemed oblivious to his fascination with them as she downed
her drink.
"There," she smiled, handing her empty glass, "now you can fill it up
again, darling."
"Uh, yeah, uh, sure, uh, gosh, sure," he muttered inanely, unable to
tear his eyes away from her breasts.
"You okay?" She asked, seemingly unaware that her breasts were
exposed.
Somehow, he was able to stumble to his feet and take her glass.
As he tried to walk, he felt like he had a baseball bat shoved down
his pants. His huge cock had never been so hard and stiff.  He could
hardly wait until he was inside so he could straighten it out once
again.
Stepping through the door, he quickly reached down and grappled with
his errant organ until it was as comfortable as he could make it in
its present state.
Reeling over to the bar, he refilled their glasses with almost pure
liquor.  Then throwing a little dash of mix in, he stirred it up.  It
would either give him the courage he needed or he would pass out
trying. The way he was feeling toward his mother, the latter was
definitely the safest course, but his hormones made that possibility
very remote. 
With his head buzzing from the alcohol and the adrenaline coursing
through his bloodstream, he tottered back out to the patio.
Sipping his drink, he set his mother's drink down on the table, just
far enough away that she would have to reach for it.
"There's your drink, Mother," he told her, taking a drink of his own.
"Oh, Thank you, Darling," she gushed, slowly sitting up and reaching
for her drink.
Then as she picked up her drink, she glanced down at her big bare
breasts dangling down conspicuously bare.
"Oh, dear me," she blushed as she brought up her arm and attempted to
cover herself, "I'm sorry.  I forgot that I didn't have my top on."
"You don't hear me complaining," he said drunkenly. "Do you?"
Josh just sat there staring down at her impressive cleavage as his
mother gave him a funny look and took a quick sip of her drink.
Setting her drink down again, she slowly rolled back over onto her
stomach, once again hiding her magnificent breasts underneath her.
"I guess I'll have to be more careful," she mumbled.
"Don't apologize," Josh gulped, taking another drink before setting
his glass down.
"Naughty, naughty," his mother tittered tipsily, "now get back to
work."
Wondering if his mother was warning him or joking with him, he needed
time to regain his courage.  Scooting down, he began working on her
soft, dainty feet.  Massaging and kneading his way slowly up her long,
curvaceous calves he took at least ten minutes to reach her thighs.
Slowly, but steadily, he worked his way higher and higher until he
reached the bottom of her delectable backside.  Once again, he had
encountered her bikini.  It would be doubly challenging to loosen it
this time. Her bikini bottom was secured by a knot each side.
Hesitating only a moment, he took a deep breath and with trembling
fingers, he nervously began untying one of the knots as he waited for
her to protest.  When he finally had the first knot undone, without
her voicing any objection, he hurriedly untied the second knot.  Then,
holding his breath, he delicately peeled the material down off the
rounded cheeks of her exquisite rear end.  Then when the crack of her
ass was totally exposed, he dropped the strip of material down between
her legs.
He couldn't believe it.  He was staring down at his mother's
beautiful, bare bottom.  It was the most heavenly sight he had ever
seen.  Sculpted out of alabaster marble, it was perfect in every way.
Gorgeous.  Pretty.  Beautiful.  He tried to find the perfect word to
describe it.  Exquisite.  That was the word he was looking for.  It
was so wondrous, he wanted to lean down and kiss it, but somehow
restrained himself.  
Finally, he cautiously began to knead the soft flesh.  Squeezing and
fondling the pliant flesh, he felt a jolt of electricity tear through
his cock as he caught a glimpse of her puckered little asshole.  Even
it was beautiful, he thought as he pulled and stretched her buttocks
so that he could secretly see it more clearly.  It was a perfect
little puckered o.  It was all he could do to keep from running his
finger over it.  God, his mother's asshole and it was only inches from
his hands.  
Finally, he stopped massaging his mother's delightful rearend and took
a deep breath.
"Uh, Mother, uh, would you, uh, like," he stuttered anxiously, "like,
uh, for me to do your front, too?"
There he had said it.  What would she say?  Was she drunk enough to
let him massage her whole body?  Had she heard him, he wondered when
she didn't speak for several moments.
"I guess so," she finally said, slowly rolling over onto her back and
looking up at him.
He couldn't believe it.  She was naked.  Totally, utterly naked, her
bikini lying underneath her back.  She was gorgeous.
"Are you okay, you look a little nervous?"
Uh, I, uh, I'm just not used to seeing you," he gulped loudly, "uh,
without, uh, without any clothes on."
"Oh, My," she said, making a half-hearted attempt to cover herself
with her arms and hands, "I forgot again."
Josh didn't know what to do or say.  Had she really forgotten?
"Oh, well," she finally sighed, slowly moving her arms back down to
her side, "the horse is already out of the barn, so I might as well
leave it out."
"Can I trust you to give your old Mom a massage," she asked, a tiny
little grin playing over her lips, "without getting carried away?"
"Uh, carried, uh, carried away?"
"Just remember not to let your fingers wander anywhere they don't
belong."
Uh, okay, uh" he muttered, staring down at her hungrily, "I'll try."
"I shouldn't let you," she went on, "but right at the moment, I'm too
tired to resist."
"Okay, Mom, I'll try."
"Okay," she smiled, "but try real hard."
"Okay," he repeated himself.
Not trusting himself at the moment, he began with one of her hands and
slowly worked down her arm until he reached her shoulder.  Then he
repeated the same with her other arm.  He was having trouble breathing
as he quickly scooted down and began at her feet.  Slowly, he worked
up first one long shapely leg and then the other.  Just as his hand
began to massage her soft, firm inner thighs, she moved her legs apart
slightly and he found himself staring straight into her exposed
vagina.  His cock lurched and threatened to explode as he gaped at her
unveiled motherdom.  Did she know she was exposing it to him or had
she just accidentally opened her legs?
After a few seconds, she slowly closed her legs once again hiding her
femininity from him.
He knew he couldn't trust himself to go any further without doing
something he would regret for the rest of his life.
"Uh, I think I had better stop," he muttered, standing up.
"But you didn't finish your job," she told him, looking up at him,
pouting. 
"Uh, I, uh, I think I'd better stop," he said again.
"Oh, okay," she mumbled, sounding disappointed, "If you have to.  I
understand."
"I'm sorry, but," he tried to explain, "uh, I just..."
"I said that it was okay," she told him slowly sitting up, "I think it
is time we, uh, I went inside anyway."
"It is very, very hot," he agreed, extending a hand down to help her
up.
"Yes, it is," she sighed taking his hand, "almost too hot."
Josh grunted and pulled her to her feet.
"I hope that no one saw us this afternoon," she laughed softly, "they
might have gotten the idea that we were fooling around or something
what with me running around all naked and everything."
"Uhuh," he blushed, "oh, do you want me to get your suit?"
"Wow," she exclaimed as she took a step and started to fall.
 Josh reached out and caught her before she fell but in the process
grabbed a handful of soft, pliant breast
"Wow, if they saw that," she smiled at him, looking down at his hand
on her breast, "they would definitely get the wrong idea."
"Oppps," he grumbled, letting go of her breast like it was a hot
potato.
"Too much sun, alcohol, and excitement, I thinks," she giggled softly.
"Don't worry about it, baby," she tittered, "I shouldn't have drank so
much."
"Want me to help you inside?"
"That would probably be a good idea," she told him, "and just forget
the suit.  It isn't serving any purpose now anyway."
Josh wrapped his arm around her waist and started helping her into the
house.  As they walked, she tripped again and grabbed at him to keep
from falling.  As she did, she knocked his towel off.  The jutting
tent protruding out in the front of his shorts revealed his extremely
obvious condition.
"Oooppppsss, sorry," she apologized looking down at the giant bulge in
his shorts.
There was no way to hide his erection as it conspicuously ballooned
out filling the front of his trunks.
She stopped in her tracks and openly ogled it.
"Come on, Mother," he mumbled, tugging her along, trying to divert her
attention away from his shameful state of arousal, "let's get in the
house."
A strange look came over her face as she finally took her eyes off his
evident erection.  She looked into his eyes with a penetrating glare.
She didn't look angry, just amused, as if she couldn't believe what
she was seeing.  Then, she quickly looked back down at the bulge in
his trunks one more time before she started walking toward the house
again.
What a macabre sight, he thought.  A mother drunk, naked, and
glistening with sun tan oil being led into the house by her son who
had a glaringly evident erection and his arm around her waist.
"Do you want to go to your room, Mother?" he asked her.
"No, I don't think so," she said, pulling out of his arms and
stumbling over to the couch, "I think that I would like another
drink." 
As she sat down, her eyes immediately went back down to his crotch as
her face reddened. 
"Are you sure?" he asked, trying hide himself from her prying eyes by
stepping behind the bar.
"Yes," she said assertively.
Josh hurriedly poured her another drink, making it as weak as he
dared.
Then covering himself with his hand, he quickly stepped over and
handed her the drink before rushing back out onto the patio.
Trying to regain his senses, he gathered up his towel and quickly
wrapped it around his waist.  With his condition hid for the time
being, he collected up the glasses and his mother's bathing suit.
Then, bracing himself, he went back into the house.
"Uh, Mother, here's your suit," he told her handing it to her, "don't
you want to put it back on?"
"Why, I'm afraid that the horse, uh, horses are already out of the
barn," she said coyly, taking a small sip of her drink.
"Uh, okay," he gulped, "then I think I will have another drink, too."
"Okay," she smiled at him weirdly, "then you can come over and sit by
your Dear Old Mother."
"Aw, Mom, your not old," he complained walking over to the bar.
Josh couldn't believe what was happening.  This couldn't be real.  He
couldn't be standing behind the bar making himself a drink while his
mother, tipsy and totally naked sat on the couch waiting for him to
join her.
What should he do?  He had never seen his mother like this.  Was she
being coy and teasing him, or, no, she couldn't be.  His mother would
never do that.  Never.  Not with him.  His cock lurched at the
thought.  God, would he love to make love to his mother.  He would
gladly give up twenty years of his life to make love to her one time.
But she was too, uh, too.  She was his mother.  She would never stoop
so low as to make love to her own son.  She was the very picture of
motherhood.  Good, loving, caring, even doting at times, but never,
never the kind of woman who could do such a thing.  She was just a
little too tipsy.  Tipsy and the sun had been so hot.  That was it.
It had to be the heat and the alcohol.  He had had a little too much
too, and he was just imagining things.  His damn hormones were going
crazy and driving him mad in the process.
"Well, are you going to stay over there behind the bar for the rest of
the afternoon?" she asked him, leaning back on the couch.
"Uh, I don't, uh, know, I, uh, guess not," he stammered, slowly easing
out from behind the bar.
"None of my men seem to want to be around me anymore," she pouted,
pushing out her lower lip. "Why is that?"
"Aw, Mom, it's not that I don't want to, uh, be, uh, be with you," he
muttered, "I'm just a little nervous sitting beside you when you don't
have any clothes on."
Josh's cock was so hard and stiff, it ached as he stumbled out from
behind the bar.
 "If you are uncomfortable because I don't have any clothes on," she
said softly, "and you do.  Why don't you take your clothes off too?"
"What?" He gasped not believing his ears, "what did you say?"
"I said that if you were uncomfortable with your clothes on," she
paused for effect, then said in a louder voice, "then take them off."
"What did you say?" he asked again, unable to believe what he had
heard.
"I said," she said loudly and somewhat impatiently, "take your clothes
off."
"For God's sake, Mom," he muttered, his face turning beet red, "what
has gotten into you?  Are you trying to embarrass me or what?"
"I am trying to get you to take your clothes off and come over here
and sit with me," she said insistently.
Josh stood staring down at his mother for several seconds.  His brain
had ceased to function.  There was just too much for it to assimilate
in such a short span of time.  His mother was telling him to take his
clothes off in front of her.  What kind of game was she playing?
There was no way she could be thinking the same thing he was.
Mother's just didn't think that way about their sons.  Or did they?
There had to be some other reason, other than the obvious one that
kept running through his brain.  What could it be?
"Josh, am I going to have to undress you?" she asked him after several
moments.
Like a buffoon, he stood there staring at her.  Then with the subtlest
of moves, she slowly spread her legs apart several inches.  As his
eyes dropped to the tangled forest of curly blond hairs at the bottom
of her tummy, she slowly ran her finger down the wet, glistening rift
of pink flesh.
"Does this help?" He heard her say.
An explosion went off inside his head. Could there be any more doubt?
As unbelievable as it was, his mother was trying to seduce him.  NO.
She wasn't trying.  She was seducing him. It was as if someone had
doused him with a bucket of ice water.  Suddenly, his brain cleared
and he regained control of his senses.
Grinning drunkenly, he brazenly reached down and untied the towel,
letting it slip to the floor.  Then as his mother watched on, her big,
blue eyes twinkling indecently in the harsh afternoon light, Josh
quickly tugged his trunks down baring his huge, thick cock.
"OH MYYYyyyyyyyyy," his mother gasped as his cock stood jutting out of
his crotch, pointing at her as it bobbed up and down with each
heartbeat.
"Oh, My, Oh, My, oh my." she gushed as she openly gawked at his rock
hard penis throbbing and dancing before her, "Oh, My, Oh, My Lord,
Josh."
His mother was clearly surprised by the size of his penis.
"Oh, My, God, it's SO Big," she whispered as Josh slowly stepped out
of his trunks.
He slowly took a step toward her and his cock slashed back and forth
like an angry snake seeking its prey. Grinning evilly, he stopped and
waited until his cock stopped slashing back and forth before he took
another step.
Then, with each step, he drew closer and closer to her, but she made
no move to retreat. Finally, he stood directly in front of her, his
throbbing cock jutting out at her only inches from her face.  Still
she made no attempt to escape.
Would she come to her senses and tell him to stop, he wondered.  Then,
he knew he was going crazy as she slowly leaned forward and gently
kissed the head of his bobbing cock.  
His knees almost gave way as his cock lurched and sprang straight up.
He had never been so hard, so virile, so potent.  This couldn't be
happening, he thought as his mother looked up at him and smiled.  He
must be dreaming.
At last, she started to move back away from him.  Aha, he thought, she
is finally calling the game.  It had been wonderful while it had
lasted, but she was coming to her senses at the last moment.  And he
had been so close.
He watched as she leaned away until she was lying on her back.  Then,
scooting up the couch, she slowly spread her legs apart once again.
Josh's heart leapt into his throat as she extended her arms up to him.
It couldn't be.  He had to be dreaming this.  No, it was really
happening.  His mother was lying on her back with her legs spread
apart, inviting him into her arms.
For a moment, he was paralyzed, his brain once again unable to accept
the amount of stimuli pouring into it.  He was about to fuck his
mother.  He was about to become a mother-fucker.  Just thinking about
it was enough to make him cum.  Then he heard his mother whisper.
"Baby, Come to Mommie, make love to Mommiee like a man.  Be Mommy's
new man."
It was really going to happen, he thought as he clumsily clambered up
between his mother's outstretched legs.  His heart was pounding so
hard, he knew it would explode and burst at any second as he watched
her reach down to his granite hard cock.  His cock was so hard, he
knew he could have pounded nails with it.  Unable to take his eyes
away from his cock, he watched as his mother forced the horrendous
monster down toward her waiting motherhood.  Unable to see her pussy
from his angle, he could only picture what it must look like from what
he had seen earlier.  Wet, deep, and so inviting.  The place from
where he had emerged so many years ago.  Now he was going to invade
those hallowed depths and fill the fiery gash with his own seed.  He
was about to impregnate his own mother with his own sperm rich semen.
He was about to recreate himself inside of her.
Then he felt it.  The white-hot heat of his mother's vagina encircling
the head of his cock as she slowly sucked him down into her.
"Oh my god," she whispered under her breath as he felt his cockhead
slowly penetrate the sacred core of her femininity.
As his cock slowly slithered down into the burning hole, Josh leaned
down and kissed his mother's cheek.  The instant his lips touched her
skin, she turned and their mouths clashed.  Sparks flew as their
tongues intertwined like copulating snakes.  They kissed hungrily as
their bodies slowly became one.  Deeper and deeper into the clutching,
burning throat of her vagina he sent his cock.  Six, then seven, then
eight, and finally all nine inches of his swollen maleness penetrated
the fiery gash between her widespread legs.  He was totally imbedded
inside of her.  All the way to the hilt inside his mother's cunt.  He
was now a mother-fucker.
"Oh, My, Manchild," his mother wheezed as she pushed herself up
against him, "fill me with yourself."
Thrusting the last millimeter of his giant cock down into her seething
pit, he held himself inside of her, baptizing his manhood in the fiery
core of his mother's most sacred of places.  As he felt her tight,
grasping cunt squeeze and milk his loaded weapon, Josh could feel the
pool of burning cum inside his dangling balls go critical.
Josh lost all control.  Some twisted, primitive passion now filled his
mind.  His only purpose in life was to bury his seed back into the
same fertile womb that once created and nurtured him.  He must fill it
with his own rich, potent semen and let it forge himself again in her
fiery furnace.  As sick and perverted as it was, he couldn't stop it.
"AWWWFFFFUUUUKKKKKkkkkkkk," he bellowed as he felt his body convulsed
as his cock began to buck inside his mother's tight, hot, clenching
cunt.
"YESSSSsssssss, Babbyyyyyyy, fill me with your sweet cream," his
mother cried out as her cunt collapsed down around his spewing cock.
Josh felt as if his whole body was being sucked down through his cock
and out into the ring of fire that surrounded it.  He had never felt
anything like it before.  He was God.  He was King.  He was the
conqueror of the world. He was the Lord of all.  He was the Supreme
Being.  Creator of all.
Again and again, his great weapon fired gusher after gusher of thick,
frothy cum into his mothers sucking cunt.  It felt like he was cumming
by the gallon as his cock spewed out more and more thick, potent love
syrup into her hungry pussy.
Finally, he felt the strength of the blasts begin to wane.  He never
wanted the feelings that were coursing through his body to end.
Then his cock stopped vomiting its perverted load into her.
Slowly, he drew his hips back and then plunged himself back down into
her hot, sucking cunt all the way to the hilt again.
"Oh, Yes, Baby, Oh, Yes, Baby, Fuck Mommie," his mother blathered,
thrusting herself up at him, "Fuck, Mommie, hard and deep, Baby.  Make
Mommy cum, too."
Slowly at first he began to slide his slowly deflating manhood in and
out of her wet, drooling pit.  As he did, he felt it begin to harden
and strengthen inside of her.  As it grew in size and strength, he
began to fuck her with powerful, deep strokes, impaling her all the
way to the hilt every time he slammed his cock into her.
"Like this, Mommy, Like this?" He grunted with each savage thrust.
"Oh, Yes, Baby, Oh, Yes, That's it, That's the way," his mother panted
as he fucked her.
Suddenly, he felt her hot, smooth thighs lock down around his waist.
Then he felt her soft, round heels dig into his bounding ass .  As her
heels dug into his ass, urging him on, she dug her long, sharp
fingernails into his back, raking and clawing at him.  
"Oh, God, Yes, Oh, Fuck," she blathered throwing herself up at him
every time he pounded his cock into her pussy.
Unbelievably, he had been a virgin until only moments before.  Now, he
was fucking his own mother.  Fucking her like a mad man.  Banging her
brutally.  He could feel his balls slapping up against her ass every
time he drove his cock down into her hot, sucking softness.  He had
wondered what making love would feel like, but never in a million
years could he have ever imagined anything this wonderful.  It was
incredible.  It was incomprehensible.  Could it feel the same for her?
"Does, ungh, it, ungh, feel, ungh, good, ungh, Mommy?"
"Oh, Fuck, Unh, Fuck, unh, Yes, unh, I, unh, Love, unh, it."
They writhed and crashed together like battling rams.  The room was
filled with the loud, slapping sounds of their love making as it
mingled with the unintelligible sounds spewing from their mouths.
They were both coated with the residue of his first explosion inside
of her as it leaked out between them and was churned into froth.  The
thick, rich aroma of sex filled the air as they battled for
attainment.
"Yes, fuck, yes, fuck, Mommy's, fuck, Mommy's, fuck, cummin," she
blurted out, digging her heels into his ass harder and harder.
"Make, unh, Mommy, unh, cum, unh, cum."
"UGNH, UNGH, UNGH," he grunted, pounding himself down into her hot,
sucking hole harder and harder.
Then suddenly, the room burst into a brilliant flash of light.  They
were both engulfed in the fiery heart of unholy flames.  Josh's ass
lurched forward, impaling her to her limit as he pinned her to the
couch with his giant cock.
"Aeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiii" she screamed out as she began to shake and
shudder.
"Gawwwdddddddddddd" he groaned as his cock began to buck and spurt
inside the core of her overheated cunt.  His cum spewed out by the
gallons.  But she took it all, her cunt hungrily swallowing his potent
load again and again until there was no more left inside of him.
Still it sucked on him, sucking him totally and completely dry.  
"Oh, Fuck," he muttered collapsing down on her.
Then he felt her move underneath him.  With a thump, he fell to the
floor.  
Lying on the floor with his mother grinning down at him, he wondered
what had happened..
"Well, did you like that?" she asked.
"Huh?"
"Did you like that?"
Surprised at her sudden lack of compassion, he stared up at her, hurt
and dazed.  She was treating it almost offhanded.  Like it was
something trivial, not earth shattering like it was to him.
"What, what do you mean?"
"Nancy told me that you were peeping on her," she smiled, "so I
guessed that your hormones were working overtime."
"What?"
"I figured that if you had a taste of the real thing," she laughed
softly, "you might stay around home and not get thrown in jail for
lurking around peeking at the neighbors."
"Huh?"
"Well, was I right?"
"You mean, you mean that," he muttered, "that this was all just to get
me to stop spying on Nancy?"
"Well, not really," she told him, "but it influenced me to do it now."
"Boy, am I confused," he said, shaking his head.
"Good," she laughed, "women love to keep you guys guessing."
"Then, that story about John was just that, a story," he went on.
"Well, yes, it was," she smiled knowingly.
"So he is still your boyfriend?"
"Was, I think is the keyword, dear," she laughed again, getting up and
walking over to the bar, he ass shaking delightfully.
"Huh?"
"I don't think that I will be needing him around anymore," she said
pouring herself another drink.
"What do you mean?"
"I think I have found me a new boyfriend," she smiled wickedly.
"You mean?"
"What do you think I mean?" She winked at him, sipping on her drink.
"Unless you have any reservations about it."
"Fuck, NO!" He exploded, "Fuck, NO!"
"Sorry, you're so disappointed," she laughed out loud, crooking her
finger and motioning for him to follow her as she started up the
stairs.
"Would you like to continue where we left off, up stairs in my bed?"

The End
A short one for the group...

Hope you enjoyed...

The Baron...(;-{)
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
