Archive-name: Fetish/peeping2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Peeping - 2


I am a peeping tom.. and this is a true story
of what happened on June 25, 1990.

I have neighbors that are renting the house next door,
and the curtains don't cover their bedroom window very
well.  I went outside around 10:15 and the the
light came on around 10:30.  I went and looked
in and saw Shannon (the girl) undressing.  She is in her
mid 20's, blonde, tall, long legs, and very pretty. She
has a great body, and tonight she had on
a white button up shirt and jean shorts.  She took off
her shirt and she had on a white lace bra, 
then took off her bra and her breasts
fell out, the nipples were kinda flat but she started
scratching the marks that were left by the bra and
then the nipples got erect.  She cupped them, pulled
them up and then let them drop as she watched herself
in the mirror, and pinched the nipples while she
looked in the mirror.. Then she unbuttoned her jeans
and I could see some baby blue panties and she stepped
out of the shorts, layed them on her dresser, and then
bent over and slid her panties down her legs.  This was
in full light, in her bedroom, and then she crawled on
her bed, got a book from her nightstand, and started
reading.  She was completely naked, and her blonde
pussy hair stood up above her crotch and belly as she laid back
and read.  She occassionally stroked her stomach and
scratched her pussy as she read the book.  the book
didn't appear to be erotic, she just kinda stroked
her nipples and felt her body as she read. Then her
husband (Michael) came in the room and started
undressing and his cock was semi- hard and he sat on
the side of the bed and bent over and kissed her.
He ran his hand over her stomach and then on down to
her pussy. He didn't really stick his finger inside, he
just moved it back and forth in the slit.  Then he slid
it back up her stomach and finished the kiss.  He stood
up and then went into the bathroom and stepped into the
shower and she kept reading. After about 5 minutes
he stepped out of the shower and came into the room. He
was drying his hair, and was nude otherwise.  His cock
was still semi-hard, and it's not long, but very thick.
Anyway, he came in the room and reached down and grabbed
his cock and pointed it at her, and started crawling on
the bed on his knees.  When he got to where her head was
she kissed the head of his cock. Then they talked a few
minutes and the he got off the bed and sat on the side
of the bed, and she got up and walked around to the end
of the bed, and got on her knees and she reached up with
one hand and grabbed the base of his cock and opened her
mouth and started stuffin it down her throat.  I was
freaking out, and she started going up and down.  His
cock is not long but since it is big around she had to
really open her mouth all the way.  There she was,
kneeling on the floor, naked, and he was now laying back
on his elbows as she was giving him head like there was
no tomorrow.  After he got VERY hard, she stood up and
turned around and reached between her legs and grabbed
his cock, and backed herself to where it was against
her cunt.  I couldn't see it go in, I was to one side,
but she kept lowering herself till she was sitting on
his lap, and then she used her legs to go up and down
on his cock.  it must have been a bad position cause she
didn't keep it up but for about a minute, and then she
stood up and his cock was shinny slick with her juices.
She said something to him, and he got up and she got
on her hands and knees on the bed with her tush at the
edge of the bed.  I had a little better angle this time,
and I could see his hard cock as he started to mount
her "doggy style".  I really couldn't see her pussy
lips, but I could see part of his cock each time he
pulled out.  He had his hands on her tush and was
spreading her cheeks apart so he could see his cock
go deeper inside her hole from the back.  He fingered
her crack and her asshole as he made slow in and out
strokes. She would lay her head on the bed at times
and then she would arch her back. Her tits would
bounce each time he hit bottom with his cock, and her
nipples were very hard.  He kept riding her, and then
he started going faster, and he reached around her
and started fingering her clit, and then he started
slamming her harder, and I think she came, and then
he started long strokes and he threw his head back
and kept slowing down.  Then after he stood there and
rested a minute, he pulled his cock out and it was
blood red and covered with cum.. drippin on
the floor and the bed, and I could see it run down
her leg as she laid there and didn't care.  He walked
to the bathroom and got a washcloth, and came back
and stood behind her and whipped her cunt and ass
from the back side, and then she reached down and
held the washcloth over her cunt and rolled over.
She laid there a few minutes, and they talked, and
then she got up and went to the bathroom and cleaned
up and then she put on a nightshirt and a clean pair
of panties and they went to bed... it was WILD...

More true stories of my hot neighbors can be found
only here on Rusty and Edies.  
--
