Archive-name: Family/peepshow.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Peep-shows for Soctt


     Chrissy and Scott are twin brother and sister.  They had separate
bedrooms but their bedrooms were joined by a shared bathroom and in this
bathroom there was a large bathroom mirror.  Scott discovered, quite
accidentally, one night, that if he left his bathroom door hang open a
crack he could lay in his bed and see in the mirror the reflection of most of
his sisters bedroom.  Scott liked this little feature because puberty
had hit him like a freight train and he had discovered that he could see
his sister getting ready for bed at night.  He could watch her undress
herself, comb her hair (which for some reason she always did while
nude), tend to any other girl things she had to, put on her shorts and
climb in bed.  Chrissy did not go in for nightshirts or pajamas and
tended to sleep in just a pair of boxer shorts and topless.  And
fortunatley for Scott, Mom and Dad kept the heat on enough that she did
not pull the covers all the way up either.  Every so often Scott got an
added show when Mom forgot to do laundry and Chrissy's boxers would be
dirty so she would sleep in the buff.  On his luckiest nights 
she would take a bubble bath and forget to push his door the rest of the
way closed.  He especially like these nights because not only did he get
to watch her strip, and see her all wet and soapy in the tub, and watch
her towel off... but for some reason she always played with herself in
the tub.  Scott loved watching her pinch her pink nipples and stick her
finger way up inside herself.  He could not resist jerking off while
watching these little peep shows he was getting.
     What Scott did not think of was that if he could see her room in
the mirror than she could also see his room.  Chrissy new her brother
was watching her.  She had caught him out of the corner of her eye many
times.  In fact she enjoyed it.  That was why she always combed her
hair in the nude, and slept topless, and left the bathroom door open
while playing with herself in the tub and the like.  It made her feel
attractive that someone wanted to see her body and she liked seeing him
in the mirror as he jerked off.  It really turned her on when he would
lay back in bed and cum and it would squirt up in the air and land on his
belly.  He always fell asleep after jerking off so she would finger
herself in bed before going to sleep as well.
     One night Chrissy had her friend Karen over for the night.  Karen
joined the family for dinner and the girls rented Dirty Dancing (for the
seventh time).  After the movie the two girls went up to Chrissy's room.
They sat on the bed and started talking girl talk.  The usual stuff; boys,
who liked who, boys, what girls were still virgins, boys, how bobby got caught
sucking another boys dick in the abandoned shack down by the park, boys.
As it got late Karen told Chrissy how cute she thought Scott was.  This
reminded Chrissy and she warned Karen about how Scott could see through the
mirror into her room.  At first she left out any details about the
little shows she would give him but Karen asked her if she ever did
anything dirty to tease Scott when he was watching.  Chrissy fessed up
and told her that sometimes she would get undressed or take a bath
without closing his door to give him a little show.  Karen was a little
more liberal than Chrissy had ever expected and as they giggled the
ideas got dirtier and dirtier.  Karen wanted to do something to tease
Scott so the two of them cooked up a littel plan to really get Scott
heated up.  
     They waited till Scott came up to bed.  He got himself ready for
bed, turned out the light and settled in under the covers.  He figured
with Karen in the room Chrissy was unlikely to give him a show but as he
happened to glance over at the mirror he got quite a surprise.  What he
saw was Karen and Chrissy sitting on the bed kissing.  This was no
little friendly girly kiss on the cheek either.  He could see their
tongues fluttering together.  As he watched in amazement he saw Karen
unbutton Chrissy's blouse and remove it and then unhook her bra and
remove that.  Karen was caressing Chrissy's tits and Chrissy pulled
Karens top off. Karen was a late bloomer and wore no bra yet but
Scott could see the startings of development as her tits were just
beginning to grow.  Chrissy dipped her head and began licking and
sucking Karnes nipples.  Scott was till now paralised watching but his
hand was now searching for his dick to tend the growing preasure there.
    As he stroked his dick and watched he saw Karen get up off the bed
and remove her pants and underpants then she bent down and pulled
Chrissy's shorts and panties off.  Chrissy sat on the side of the bed
and spread her legs giving a full view of the slight touch of red hair
growing on her mound that matched the beutiful long red hair on her
head. Karen knealt down between between Chrissy's legs and started
licking Chrissy's pussy.  Scott was enthralled and had absolutely NO
idea that they were watching him jerk off to their show.  As they saw
Scott tugging harder and harder on his dick Chrissy slid down off the
bed and pushed Karen down onto the floor straddling her face and
feeling Karen's tongue deep inside her pussy.  What was meant to be a
simple dirty show for Scott had turned into a seriously hot experience
and she just could not resist Karens probing tongue.  They had only
agreed on kissing, undressing each other and feeling each other up
but the more Karen licked the more Chrissy enjoyed it.  Finally Chrissy
decided to find out what Karen was enjoying so much and dived her own
tongue into Karens bald mound.  The two girls forgot about Scott and
licked each other in this 69 for several long minutes.  Scott was going
crazy with desire and came all over himself twice.  When the girls
finaly had all the orgasms they could stand they rolled apart and sat up
just in time to see Scott in the mirror squirting several inches in the
air and getting cum all over himself and then pass out on the bed.  The
two girls giggled and they kissed and caressed each other for several
minutes.  
     Karen told Chrissy she had never done anything like that before but
she just could not resist once she saw Chrissy naked.  She hoped Chrissy
did not think she was a pervert or anything.  Chrissy told her not to
worry about it, she had never done anything before either and she always
wanted to know what it was like to be licked and what it tasted like.  
    They sat quiet for a moment and then Karen said "well, now we know
what it's like with girls, should we find out what sex is like with
boys" and nodded toward Scotts room.  Chrissy just looked at her for a
moment kind of dumb like and then asked "you mean you want to go do it
with Scott?"  Karen said she did but Chrissy wasn't so sure.  Karen
decided she would go climb in the bed with Soctt and Chrissy could watch
in the mirror.  
     Karen walked quietly through the bathroom into Scotts room.  She sat
down on the side of the bed and looked at him for a moment.  She grabbed
a corner of the sheets and used that to wipe all the cum off his chest
and belly.  She kissed him a couple of times but he was oblivious.  She
turned and looked at his dick.  She had never actually seen one before
tonight except in pictures and on an X-rated video she found in her
parents room one time. She touched it lightly, then picked it up and 
carressed it.  She looked back in the mirror at Chrissy and grinned and
then she kissed the tip of it.  She stuck her tongue out and tasted it,
then ran her tongue up and down it.  After a second she opened her mouth
and took Scotts dick inside it.  She started sucking his dick up and
down like she had seen in the dirty movie.  Scott began to moan and then
woke up with a start to discover that his dick was being sucked by the
smae blonde that had just been licking his sister.  Karen kept sucking
until his dick was completely hard again and then she turned and kissed
him deeply.  She told him she got it good and hard and now she wanted to
feel it inside her.  She climbed up on top of him, reached down between
her legs and guided it slowly inside herself.  This was Scotts dream
come true and he let her have her way.  She slowly slid herself onto
his now rock hard pole till it reached that point where every virgin gets
stuck.  She pushed a little harder and he poked through and his whole
dick was burried inside her.  She sat still for a second and enjoyed the
feeling.  Then she began rocking back and forth.  Scott reached up and
caressed her flat chest.  He squeezed her nipples and then reached
around and grabbed her ass.
    Chrissy could not resist the action and slowly krept into Scotts
room till she was right next to the bed and could watch Scotts dick
sliding in and out of Karens pussy close up.  Karen saw Chrissy and told
her she should climb up on Scotts face and let him taste her pussy.  She
was hesitant with her own brother and Scott looked nervously at Karen
but Karen assured him he would love the taste.  Chrissy climbed up
facing Karen and lowered her pussy down over Scotts tongue.  Scott
reached up and grabbed her tits and burried his face in her pussy.
Karen was right, he did love the taste he bagan lapping up all the juice
that was flowing from Chrissy's pussy.  Karen started grinding herself
on Scotts dick harder and faster as she felt him squirt inside her and
she did not stop till she felt her own orgasm.  When she was done she
looked at Chrissy and kissed her and then said it was time to trade
places.  She climbed of Scott but Chrissy looked at his dick and said it
had gotten too soft.  Karen said "suck it like I did and it will get
hard again."  Chrissy leaned forward into a 69 with her twin brother and
began sucking his dick.  Sure enough in a few minutes it was hard as
could be again.  She turned around and positioned herself over his dick.
Karen grabbed his dick and helped guide it into Chrissy's tight pussy.
Soon Chrissy had her brothers dick burried to the hilt inside her.
Chrissy stoped for a minute and said to Scott "I always new when you
were watching me and jerking off over me, that's why I gave you such good
shows.  I fantasized of doing it with you whenever I played with myself
while you were watching, now my fantasy has come true"  Scott was
shocked but let Chrissy have whatever she wanted. Karen had all she
could take and just watched as Chrissy fucked her brother silly.
Chrissy kept punding herself on Scott until he came inside her and until
she came on his dick.  She came so hard her juice squished out around
his dick and dripped down her legs and his body all over the sheets.
     After she came she looked at Karen and said "I want to try it all, I
heard fags do it in there asses, help me put his dick in my ass."  Karen
was a little shocked by this but jumped right to the task.  She reached
behind Chrissy and aimed Scotts wet dick right up Chrissy's ass.  She
lowered herself onto Scotts dick very slowly, letting it inch slowly
into her ass.  It was very tight but she loved the feeling.  She had
fingered her own ass a few times but Scotts dick was a lot thicker than
her little finger. She slid up and down on it slowly for a few minutes.
It did not take long for Scott to come again, this time squirting a hot
load deep in her ass.  
     Chrissy let his dick slip out of her.  She leaned forward and
kissed Scott and said "from now on you get more than just a show in the
mirror, you can stick your dick in me any time you want!"  She slid down
off scott ad layed next to him on the bed.  Karen layed down with them as
well and the three of them fell asleep with smiles on their faces.



                             The End
--
