Hi, our names are Jim and Peggy. We are active in a neighborhood
key (swing) club with John & Elaine. They asked all members to
write of their first (or any) swinging experience. This is ours.

It is a true account of how my wife and I began our current 'Open
marriage' lifestyle. We realize that an open marriage is not right
for everyone but it has worked out great of us.

Like most couples  Peggy  and I have sexual fantasies involving
other people. These fantasies mostly involved Peggy having sex
with other men and we have even discussed who it could be. We had
some great sex discussing our fantasies but for years they
remained just fantasies then finally three years ago we went on
vacation.

We arrived at the coast in the evening and checked into our hotel.
We had eaten on the drive down and since it was getting late we
went straight to bed. Peggy was in a playful mood and initiated
foreplay. As normal we began with touches, graduating to oral sex
then intercourse. We further excited each other by talking about
our fantasies. One of mine was for Peggy to seduce and have sex
with a complete stranger. Tonight Peggy surprised me by saying
that if I could really handle watching her with another man she
would find someone to sleep with during our vacation. I assured
her that I could indeed control myself and that even if I changed
my mind I would not prevent her from completing the seduction if
she was enjoying herself. Several times I had to assure her that I
really wanted her to have sex with someone else and that it would
in no way affect our relationship. Since Peggy really looks great
in a bikini and always turned heads whenever she wore one we
decide that tomorrow she would go to the beach alone to soak up
rays and see what else developed. We fell asleep making plans for
her seduction even after making love twice.

Next morning we both slept late. By the time we showered, had
breakfast and got ready for the beach it was almost three in the
afternoon. Peggy asked if I still wanted to go through with our
plans from last night and I said that I did if she wanted too
also. She did.

Our plan was for Peggy to go to the beach alone while I remained
in the hotel room. I could sit on the balcony soaking rays while
watching her on the beach below. If she found someone interesting
she planned to invite him to our room for the finally. I of course
would see the seduction from our balcony and have plenty of time
to conceal myself in the closet. I would be able to see whatever
happened through the louvers in the closet door.

p put on a very skimpy bikini drawing the back into a string and
allowing only enough material in front to cover her mound. At my
suggestion she allowed some pubic hair to be seen on the edge. Not
enough to be unsightly but to encourage a second look. Peggy
looked her most beautiful as she primped herself to entice some
stranger to our bed. "Do I look good enough to fuck?" Peggy asked
teasingly. "You had better go find someone now before I jump your
bones myself." I answered. Opening the door to leave Peggy turned
and said. "The next time you jump these bones big boy you'll be
getting seconds." The door closed behind her without a comeback
from me. At this moment I could hardly wait to see her getting
laid.

From the balcony I watched as Peggy spread her beach blanket. I
knew she had purposely bent over at the waist without bending her
knees so anyone looking could get an eyeful. I noticed that
several guys were indeed getting an eyeful and that caused my cock
to harden. At first Peggy just sat on the blanket with her knees
up. She began reading a novel she had taken. She knew that anyone
walking by in front of her would be able to see almost everything.
Several guys did walk by staring at her but they didn't make a
move on her. I was disappointed.

After about fifteen minutes a man with a dark tan who looked to be
in his thirties approached p. Although I hoped this stranger would
be my wife's lover I, never the less, felt a twinge of jealously
and fright.

The bronzed man said something to Peggy as he approached and Peggy
responded to him. I could only guess what was being said but there
was no guessing that this stranger found my wife exciting. The
bronzed man knelt beside Peggy and they continued talking then he
took the tanning oil and began applying it to p's back. Soon Peggy
was laying on her stomach letting this stranger rub her with the
oil. 

I could clearly see his hands applying the oil to p's well rounded
ass cheeks. At this point I felt that Peggy would be trying to
decide if this man would be her lover. As the man applied the oil
to p's legs I noticed his hands slipped between her thighs. Peggy
made no move to stop him so his hands remained between her legs
far longer than necessary. I hoped he was getting a good feel of
p's pussy, perhaps he had slipped a finger inside. My cock was
rock hard as I watched the scene below.

After applying the oil the stranger lay down beside p. I could
tell they were talking. Peggy laughed at what was obviously a
joke. After about twenty minutes the two figures rose and began
gathering p's beach belongings. I knew now that this must be p's
lover.

My wife and her new friend walked toward the hotel stopping at the
open showers to wash some of the sand and oil off. My suspicions
were confirmed now because Peggy kissed her friend as they emerged
from the shower. It wasn't a long kiss but I knew it held the
promise to the passion to come.

As they approached the hotel and disappeared from my view. I knew
it wouldn't be long before this stranger would be going where only
I had been for the past eight years. I took my place in the closet
and waited. Within minutes I was rewarded by the sounds of the
door being unlocked and opened. From my vantage point I couldn't
see the door so I remained quite. 

It wasn't long before I heard the sounds of the door being
unlocked and opened. Peggy was laughing at something her friend
had said as the door opened. The two then appeared before me and
stopping beside the bed they embraced in a very passionate kiss. I
watched quietly as strange hands stroked my wife's ass and tits.
Without breaking the kiss Peggy reached between them and
unfastened the bikini top. It fell to the floor and the stranger
wasted no time in taking a breast in each hand.

They were still kissing as p's hand massaged this strange cock
beneath bathing trunks. Breaking their kiss the stranger kissed
each breast before laying Peggy back onto the bed. Kneeling before
her he slid her bikini bottoms off an tossed them to the floor.

p was beautiful laying naked before this stranger who was soon to
be enjoying himself in her lust. p's legs spread for this man as
he began giving her oral stimulation. p's eyes closed as she
squirmed slowly enjoying being taken while I watched from the
closet. I massaged my own cock but resisted the urge to take it
out and jack-off.

p was really getting excited now and her friend stood and removed
his bathing trunks. His cock was not as long as I had hoped but it
was extremely thick. My best guess to his size is perhaps eight
inches long but nearly as thick as a man's wrist. The head on his
cock looked very small perched on the end of this thickness. In
comparison my own cock is about seven inches but not nearly as
thick so he would be exploring places even I had never been. I
found these thoughts very exciting. 

I noticed also that this strangers balls were much larger in every
respect than my own. I wasn't sure but I hoped that this meant
that he would be able to cum more that me because I wanted see p's
reaction as another man shot their load into her. My anticipation
quickened when the stranger asked Peggy if she had a condom. Peggy
responded. "No I hate those things. I want to feel you shooting
off and I want you to leave your cum inside me."

The closet door was directly to the foot of the bed so I had a
very clear view as the thickly hung stranger climbed above my
wife. Her legs were spread wide to accept him into her. His cock
stopped just at the entrance to her pussy. Wanting him inside her
Peggy was arching her back to her lover. Slowly I saw the smallish
head disappear into the warm, moist sweetness that was my wife. I
freed my cock and began to slowly jack-off.

Slowly the stranger above my wife slid inside her until he had
about four inches in. Then with a mighty shove he buried the
remainder of his cock inside her. Peggy responded to his thrust
with one of her own and they began fucking with gusto.

The strangers balls slapped against p's ass with each inward
stroke. Peggy was meeting his enthusiasm with that of her own. she
was saying quietly to her lover. "Fuck me! Oh God yes, Fuck me!"
And other things like. "Your cock is so big. I've never had such a
big cock in me." "God, I love your cock." Peggy was really getting
into screwing now and she began to beg this stranger to cum inside
her.

p had just reached the peak of her own orgasm when her lover began
to shoot his load. He tried to continue to pump his cock into
Peggy but I knew her pussy had to feel tight to his thickness so
he rammed his cock into her as deeply as possible and unburdened
himself in her depths. Peggy moaned. "I feel you. I feel you
shooting your hot load inside me. Give it all to me. Shoot it
all." She begged. Her lover must have responded because when he
was finally able to hump his cock again I saw the first of his
white semen squeezing out of p's pussy.

The two lovers continued to fuck for a short time, probability
less than a minute, before the stranger lay still above my wife.
His cock remained inside her as they began to talk. "Did you enjoy
your afternoon delight?" Peggy asked him. "You're great." Her
lover answered. Peggy told him how she loved the way his cock felt
and how she liked it when he shot-off. She said her pussy had
never felt so full of cock and cum. They talked sex for a few
minutes before Peggy told her lover he should leave before her
husband came in.

As the strangers cock slid out of my wife a huge wad of thick
white cum followed. It seemed to just sit on the outside of her
pussy before slowly running down her ass. Peggy reached between
her legs and gathered the thick wad on her fingers. She then held
her hand above her mouth and allowed some of the fluid to drop
into her mouth before licking her fingers clean. "You not only
feel good inside, you taste good too." She told her lover.

As he stood and put his bathing trunks on he asked if he could see
her again. "Only if you promise to do the same next time." Peggy
said. "Even better next time." He said. "Then by all means CUMMMM
again." Peggy said licking more of her lovers cum from her
fingers.

They kissed and her lover walked out of the room leaving my wife
laying on the bed. Her legs still spread from their lovemaking.
His semen still leaking from her passion swollen pussy.

I steed from the closet. "Was it good for you?" Peggy asked. I
didn't say a word as I buried my face between her legs. Tasting
her lovers semen I began to bring the girl I love to a shattering
orgasm before mounting her to sew me seed with that already
sewn.

I never asked Peggy what her lovers name was and she never told
me. She did make love to him two more times before our vacation
was over. About two months after our vacation Peggy began, with my
permission and encouragement, to date other men. I have only
watched her on one other occasion and this was her giving a guy
head in the parking lot of a local lounge. 

Perhaps I'll write about other experiences if enough people
respond to this. We can be contacted by writing.

Jim & Peggy
c/o John & Elaine
P.O. Box 3641
Greenville, SC 29608


