Archive-name: Bestial/peggyfrs.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Peggy's First Time


Peggy's parents had left her alone for the weekind with $50 and
instructions to feed the family dog, Samson, a large Black Labrador
Retriever.  She probably would have had some of her friends over
but they were all away for Summer break.  So all she could do all
weekend was sit around the house.  What bad luck.
 
After watching TV for a while she decided she needed a shower.  As
she walked past samson she gave him a pat on the head and told him
"I guess you don't have anything to do this weekend either, boy".
She went to the upstairs bathroom and started to undress.  As she took off
her bra  she admired her firm 15 year old breasts.  She thought of
how good it had felt when she had let Brad, her last boyfriend, lick
them.  She was still a virgin but she thought about sex all the time.
Just thinking about having her titties sucked began to get her arroused.
 
She stepped into the hot shower.  As she washed herself, the feeling of
her hands rubbing over her body began to really excite her.  After she
finished rinsing herself off she stepped out of the shower and grabbed a
big, warm towel to start drying herself with.
 
The sensation of the rough towel rubbing against her body excited her
even more.  The rough fabric brushing across her breasts caused her
nipples to become erect.  As she reached down to dry her crotch her hands
paused as they rubbed up against her twot.  She started to rub her hand
around, enjoying the feelings that this was producing in her.  Her fingers
began to explore.  First feeling her outer lips and them moving down to
her virgin love canal.  She was beginning to have trouble standing
so she kneeled down and bent over.  She then reached down between her legs
and continued to work oh her virgin cunt.  She rubbed her left hand on
her clit while she inserted first one and then two fingers in to her cunt.
She was beginning to moan with pleasure and she could feel her first
orgasm building.
 
Unknown to her Samson had come to investigate the strange sound he heard
coming from upstairs bathroom.  As he poked his head in the door to investigate
he could see Peggy from behind, masturbating her little heart out.  The
smell of her wet cunt began to arouse him and his cock began to stiffen and
emerge from its sheath.  Peggy had not noticed Samson yet because she was
too wrapped up in her own pleasure.  Peggy didn't look like exactly like
the bitches Samson was used to fucking, but she looked close enough and
the smell was right som he mover over to her.
 
Peggy was going at is hard and heavy now and she could feel herself on the
brink of orgasm.  She gasped when Samson mounted her.  It took her a
second to realize what was going on but that was all the time Samson
needed.  She tried to pull away but Samson's paws were firmly clasped
about her thin waist.  He was too strong, there was nothing she could do
to excape.  She could feel his penis as it thrust twords her virgin cunt.
She pleaded with Samson "No...  Bad Dog!!  Get off of me!!!"  but to no
avail, he was too intent on mounting his intended bitch.  After a few more
thrusts it struck home.  On Samson's nest thrust she could feel her hymen
streching and finally breaking as his penis enter the previously unexplored
depths of her young body.
 
She was revolted by this perverse act that she was being forced to
participate in.  At the same time she could feel herself being excited by this
doggie fuck.  She bagan to enjoy the pleasure that Samson was giving her.
She started to push backwards at Samson's mighty thrusts, streching her cunt,
trying to take him all the way into her.  She reached a hand back and
could feel his dick thrusting in and out of her with animal lust.  She
could feel the knot in his cock pressing against her hole.  She tried to relax
her cunt so she could take him ALL the way into her.  As he thrust forwards,
she thrust backwards, she could feel some stretching and his knot slipped in.
This further stimulation made Samson thrust quicker and harder.  She could
feel his knot swelling inside of her, streching her cunt to new limits,
selaing him inside his bitch.  This addes stimulation pushed her over the
edge and she had an earth shattering orgasm.  She could feel her vagina
contracting about Samson't tool as she came.  Samson yelped as he came,
filling his bitch with doggie come.
 
As soon as she recovered from her orgasm she tried to get out from under
Samson but his knot was holding them tightly together.  In fact his knot
even seemed to be getting larger!!!  It was now that she remembered that
when she had seen Samson have sex with a dog it had normally taken about
30 minutes or so until he could dismount his bitch.  His knot continued
to expand for a few more minutes.  This continued streching was both
stimulationg and a little painfull.   She realized that
she was just going to have to wait for his knot to shring back down before
she could get free, not that she minded in the least.
 
Afeter she had waited about five mintes she heard someone knocking at
the door.  She hoped they would think no one was home and leave.  She
had no idea how che could expalin being caught having sex with a dog.
After a minute the knocking stopped.  She began to breathe a sigh of relief,
until she heard someone try and turn the doorknob.  She cursed herself for not
having locked the door earlier.
 
"Hello?  Peggy?  Is anyone here?" she heard.  It was Mark, a boy she knew
from highschool.  He had been hitting on Peggy but she just wasn't interested
in him.  After no one answered she hurd him turn around to leave.  She was
trying her best to be be as quiet as possible.  Just as he closed the door
Samson let out a loud bark.  She heard the door open and Mark come in.  He
just stood there for a minute while Peggy did her best to keep Samson quite.
However, Samson barked again and she heard Mark start to walk up stairs
twords the sound of the barking.  She kept hoping that he would turn around
and leave before he found her and Samson locked together but she could hear
him coming right for them.  He came into the bathroom and started.
 
  "Hi Pegg...  What?...What are you doing?"
 
  "Wait, I can explain.", Peggy said.
 
  "Sure, fine, you won't go out with me but you'll fuck a dog!!"
 
  "Look, just let me explain!"
 
  Mark paused for a minute and then continued.  "You don't need to explain,
  it's what you're going to have to do for me if you don't want everyone
  finding out"
 
  "What!!"
 
  "Do you expect me to keep quiet about your k-9 lover without getting
  anything in return"
 
  "What do you want?"
 
  "Suck me off."
 
  "Never!"
 
  "If you don't I'll tell everyone about your little doggie friend and your
  special relationship with him."
 
  "Ok"
 
Mark unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock.  He kneeled won in front of
Peggy since she was still tied to Samson.  He reluctantly took hold of Mark's
cock with her hands and started striking it.
 
  "Suck it! Don't just play with it!" Mark said.
 
Peggy started licking his cock.  First the tip, then working her way all the
way down the shaft and back up it again.  Then she took his disk into her
mouth and began sucking on it.  She was beginning to enjoy her first blow
job.  The feeling of Mark's cock in her mouth and Samson's still filling her
cunt were really exciting her.  SHe could feel the knot in Samson's disk
starting to shrink.  Just as he pulled it out Mark's digk began to tense
and it started to spurt come into her mouth.  She tried her best to swallow
all of it but there was just too much and the rest spurted all over her face.
 
Mark sat back for a few minutes to recuperate from his orgasm.
 
  "That was Great babe!" he said.
 
  "Yes, well now that you've gotten what you want, get out of here."
 
  "You haven't even begun to pay me back for keeping my mouth shut."
 
  "What do you want now?"
 
  "You have to let me fuck you."
 
  "No Way!"
 
  "You have to... or I'll tell."
 
She gave in and said "OK"
 
Mark's cock was alread beginning to get hard at the thought of fucking this
woman.  Hey took off the rest of his clothes and lay down on the floor.  He
pulled Peggy ontop of him and guided her down onto his prick.  They began to
hump up and down together.  Samson had been recuperating in the corner but
this new action started to grab his atention.  He moved in behind Peggy and
started to lick her from her fuck hole where Mark's prick was pounding in and
out of her to her ass hole.  The new stimulation of Samson's licking excited
Peggy more and she started to hump harder against Mark's thrusts.
 
After about a minute of this Samson reared back and mounted Peggy.
Because she was ontop of Mark this sent Samson's prick heading straight
for her virgin anus.  His first thrust buried his cock half way into her ass.
Peggy screamed in pain and tried to excape, but Mark, not realizing what was
happening yet, held her down, thinking she was trying to excape from him.
Samson't next thrust pushed his dick the rest of the way in, past his, as yet
unswolen, knot.  Peggy tried to get out from under him, it felt
like her ass was being torn open.  Mark suddenly realized what was happening.
Peggy thought she might get some help from Mark, but all that he did was start
fucking her harder.  As the initial pain of Samson's big doggie dick being
trust into her virgin anus began to subside, she hegan to enjoy this double
fuck.  The feeling of Mark's cock in her cunt and Samson's dick in her ass
were quickly pushing her twords orgasm.  She soon came.  At the same time
Mark came, squirting his cum into her waiting cavity.  Samson, however,
was not yet finished.  As Mark's penis shrank back down, Samson continued to
pound into her ass.  She pushed back against him and she could his knot
beginning to swell.  This time she was anxoiusly awaiting having her
ass tied to Samson.  As his knot continued to swell, the continued stimulation
made her come again.  She could feel his prick streching her ass to new limits.
Samson came with a low Growl, filling her bowels with his doggie cum.
 
Mark crawled out from under her and lay down to relax after this fuck.  All
Peggy could do, until Samson's knot shrunk and he could pull out was kneel
there and enjoy the feeling of Samson's cock filling her butt.  After a
minute Mark got up and went downstairs.  About 20 minuteslater , Samson's knot
had shrunk enough and he pulled it out with a "Pop!".  SHe turned around
and Samson gave her a big lick on the face.  She scratched him behind the ears
and said "I never knew you could be so much fun, old boy."  He wagged his
tail and headed off.  Peggy got up and headed downstairs.
 
When she got to the kitchen, Mark was sitiing there.  He was still naked.
He was drinking a glass of water.  "So babe, what did you think?"
 
  "I think I may have been wrong about you", Peggy replied.
 
Mark reached over and kissed her.  He stood up and they both headed into
the Livingroom.  The lay down on the couch and were asleep in minutes,
both completely spent from the action that they had both just had.
 
Peggy woke up and saw that it was 9:00 in the morning.  She looked over
at Mark and realizes what she needed to start the day was a good fuck.
She slid down and started sucking on Mark's cock and balls.  This stimulation
soon woke Mark up.  Peggy lay down on the livingroom floor and spread her legs.
She pulled Mark on top of her and thrust her hips forwards.  Mark met her
thrust and pushed his cock into her.  He started thrustand and she began to
react quickly.  She could feel her orgasm building.  After a few minutes she
came.  After she recovered she saw that Mark was well on his way to his orgasm.
She saw Samson sitting in the corner behind Mark and waved at him, trying to
get his atention.  When Samson stood up she could see that his dick was hard.
Samson started over twords them.  As he aproached she reached back and pulled
Mark's ass twords her.  Mark failed to realize that this was also pulling his
ass open.  When he felt Samson slide up onto on his back and Samson's dick
press against his ass hole he realized what Peggy was doing.  He tried to
move away but Peggy was holding onto him from below and Samson was pressing
down from above, he could not excape.  On samson's next thrust his prick
struck home, burying itself deep in his bowels.  He screamed in pain.
Peggy quickly slid out from under him and said "That's what you get for
FORCING me to have sex with you."
 
  "You Bitch" , Mark replied.
 
Samson's knot was already in Mark's tight ass and starting to expand.
Mark was trying hard to get away byt he couldn't free himself from Samson.
Peggy just sat back and watched, enjoying her victory over Mark.  After
the pain of the initial streching began to fade, Mark began to enjoy this
doggie ass fuck.  He started to relax and enjoy the pleasure that Samson's
cock was bringing him.  He started to push back against samson's thrusts.
Samson's knot was now fully swolen and sealed them together.  Samson came
with a yelp as he emptied his balls into Mark's ass.  Mark tried to pull away
but he was held tight by the knot in Samson's cock.
 
  "You'll have to wait for his knot to shrink back down before you can get
  free."  Peggy declared, sitting down next to Mark.
 
  "How long will that take?"
 
  "About half an hour."
 
  "Now I can see why you fuck you dog, that was great!"
 
Peggy reached over and kissed Mark.
 
 
 
And this was just the beginning....
 
--
