Penectomy
author unknown

*****

My heart was still pounding as I stood by the mail box reading for the
third time the letter postmarked two days ago from a fashionable
London suburb.  My mind went back to a month ago when I answered an ad
in an underground adult newspaper.  The ad had read:

    "CASTRATION - Do you need it, or know someone who does? Do you
     fantasize or obsess about undergoing castration at the hands
     of a slim, attractive female, or the erotic knowledge that
     your ability to masturbate or fornicate has been ended
     forever?  I may be able to help.  Send detailed letter
     outlining your needs.  Reply to Dr Tamara H., Box 23378,
     Sussex East, London 2E426."

The letter in my hands said.....

"I read your letter with great interest.  Your pleas for release from
uncontrallable sexual urges to masturbate up to 12 times per day were
especially touching.  I have concluded that you are an excellent
candidate for castration and if you agree to the conditions outlined
below, I will accept you as my patient.  No money will change hands,
the only expense will be your round trip airfare.

To you undergoing castration is the ultimate realization of a life
long sexual fantasy.  To me it symbolicly represents what I will do to
my unfaithful bastard of an ex-husband when I get my hands on him.

Rest assured I am a medical doctor and board certified surgeon.
I have a well equipped surgery in my country home where I have
castrated 6 males in the last 3 years.  You will be number seven.

Your castration will be MORE than complete (penis, testicles, and
prostate gland removed with all nerves to the bladder muscles
permanently severed) will be done in two parts.  During our first
meeting your entire penis will be removed.  The exact medical name for
this surgical procedure is: Total Penectomy, wherein all penile
structures and muscles, both internal as well as external are removed.
Your urethral opening will then be formed into a simple hole just
above the scrotum where your penis used to be.

You will be my house guest for the 10 day recuperation period required
following your operation.  During that time your only task will be to
orally satisfy either myself or any of my female friends who will be
visiting.

After at least two years, during our second meeting I will remove your
testicles, scrotal sac and prostate gland thus completing your sexual
'execution'.

In the time following your first Penectomy you will live a tortured
life of constant sexual arousal without any possible relief.

Also, since the muscles in your penis which controlled urination are
no longer there and bladder muscle nerves severed, you will be
incontinent and forced to wear nappies (diapers to you Yanks) and
waterproof pants 24 hours a day for the rest of your life.  In order
to make your new life of uncontrolled wetting more hygenic I will
eliminate all of your genital hair.  (You will thank me for this
kindness at each diaper change for years to come).

I am certain that after two years of sexual torture without any
possible relief (you will beg me to remove your testicles and
mercifully end the production of male hormones causing your sexual
frustration.  Though I will not be merciful enough to give my
ex-husband the second operation, I bear you no ill will.  You may beg
me to "finish you off" after a minimum of two years.

As you can see, I do this to satisfy my own needs, not yours, though
your needs will also be fulfilled as a result.

If you agree to my terms, sign and return the enclosed medical
release.  (It simply says I have advised you that the listed
surgeries are medically unnecessary and are being performed only
at your request).  I will expect you to arrive London one
fortnight from today, 15 May, 1992 on British Air flight 11
arriving Heathrow at 6:10PM.  After clearing customs, look for a
chauffer in the terminal holding a sign bearing your name.  He
will retrieve your luggage and bring you to my car where we can
get acquainted during the one hour drive to my country home.

                      Most Sincerely,

                          (signed)

                          Tamara H"

FIN
