 Copyright (c) 1997 Lisa Cohn.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






               Periods   by   Lisa Cohn


     Today is a day of celebration for me. My name is Sally and I
am nearly thirteen years old. This morning when I woke up and
went to the bathroom I pulled down my panties and saw the first
trace of blood on the material. I have started my periods - at
last. You can't imagine just how great that makes me feel because
tonight I am going to give my big sister Jenny a really big
surprise!

     It all started a couple of years ago. Jenny and I had been
playing in the garden and had gotten covered in mud and god knows
what. Mom was not best pleased and told us to get cleaned up so
we went upstairs and went into the bathroom. We were still
playing about as we started to take our clothes off. I was 11 and
Jenny  nearly 14 and we had often seen eachother naked as we had
shared a room since we were very small. Today, however, something
was different. As I looked at Jenny I could see that her nipples
were sticking out a mile. This I had never seen before so I asked
her why they were doing it - I simply had no idea.

"Oh, they just go like that when I get excited." she said rather
unconvincingly. I continued to press.  
"Well, it's when I get a
certain type of excited, okay?" She was getting impatient.  
"What types of excited are there?" I asked.  
"Look. You're only 11. You wouldn't understand and I'm not going
to be the one to tell you." She sounded a little apprehensive. 
I decided that I would not take it any further, but filed the
information away in my mind. I had already found out that by
rubbing my little nipples I could make myself feel really great,
but nothing more than that.

Nothing more was said for at least a month until there was a
similar situation one night in the bathroom as I was getting
ready to go to bed. I simply had to use the toilet and Jenny was
in the shower. She said that it was okay and I sat down on the
seat. We talked as I emptied my bursting bladder and Jenny washed
herself. I could just see her through the frosted glass door of
the shower as she washed her body with flowing strokes. She
seemed to spend a lot of time around her pussy, wiping between
her parted thighs. We talked of nothing in particular, but as the
conversation progressed I sensed her voice changing, her breath
seemed to be taken in gasps and she would pause without reason in
the middle of a sentence. I could see that she was rubbing quite
hard between her legs with one hand whilst the other was making
circular motions over her breasts. The conversation stopped
rather abruptly and I could hear Jenny gasping for air. I did not
know what was going on, so I stood up, pulled up my panties and
went over and pulled open the shower door. Inside Jenny was
leaning against the wall with a strange expression on her face,
eyes tight shut, groaning very loudly. I looked down to see that
she had two fingers pushed hard into her pussy, shoving them in
and out with great rapidity. She suddenly felt my presence and
opened her eyes. She seemed slightly shocked, whether she thought
that I had finished and gone to bed I don't know. She had gone
too far by this stage and didn't want to stop and closed her eyes
again and continued the frantic fingering of herself. I watched
absolutely amazed. This rubbing was certainly doing something for
her and she was enjoying every second of it. As I watched I
slipped my hand down between my legs and started to stroke my
panty-covered pussy as if copying what she was doing. I was
feeling very excited and had never experienced the pleasure of
playing with myself. I watched as Jenny's young body twitched and
spasmed as she brought herself to a shattering climax. She let
out a yelping little cry and froze, letting the water of the
shower splash all over her. She regained her senses and slowly
removed her fingers from her pussy. I could see that it was red
with the treatment it had received. She continued to wash as I
watched, looking at me as I rubbed away at my little pussy. 

     I stopped my rubbing and went back to the toilet to finish
what I had started. I had just finished when Jenny stepped from
the shower. She walked across and grabbed a towel. For some
reason I just sat there and looked at her. Her body looked so
good. Her small breasts vibrating as she walked, the tiny shock
of pubic hair glistening with the wetness of the shower. She
smiled at me as she saw me watching her. I must have looked
ridiculous sat there on the toilet seat with my panties half way
down from my knees to my ankles, just gawping at my sister's
body. If truth were told I was jealous. So many of my friends at
school were starting to delvelop and I was lagging behind
somewhat. I longed for the budding breasts, the pussy hair and
the shapely hips that my big sister was developing.

"I wish I was growing up like you." I said.
"Don't worry - you will." Jenny replied.
"It's just that you look so good!"
"It'll be your turn soon enough!" she told me. "Let me look at
you." she continued. "You're developing a nice body."
I was flattered. I stood up, my panties still around my lower
legs. Jenny moved over to me.
"I see that you have started playing with your pussy."
"What do you mean?" I stammered.
"You know - rubbing your slit. Feels real good doesn't it!"
I now knew what had made her feel so good.
"It was my first time today." I told her. "I saw you washing
yourself and tried it myself."
"I wasn't washing!" laughed Jenny. "I was giving myself a good
finger-fucking!"
I was astonished at her use of the word 'fucking'. If Mom or Dad
heard her they would surely give her a thrashing. I knew what
'fucking' was of course, we had learned about it at school - both
in and out of the classroom.  

     We fell into silence again as Jenny wiped herself down with
the towel. She stopped and looked at me in a rather curious
fashion, then said:
"I suppose your old enough. Come over here."
I did what I was told. As I stood in front of her I started to
pull my panties up, but she reached out and gripped my wrist.
"No, don't do that." she said softly, then slowly she started to
rub my stomach just above my pussy. It felt good. I stood there
like a stuffed doll, not moving a muscle. Her hand was making
gentle circular motions, slowly moving downwards, then right over
my pussy. I had no hair down there and it felt sort of funny as
she started to rub at my slit. I wanted to move back but couldn't
as my feet seemed to be frozen to the floor. I could feel her
hand move up and down over my slit then she dipped a finger
inside me with each upward stroke. God, it felt so good - strange
but good. I looked into Jenny's eyes, she was smiling at me with
a sweet smile that she very rarely ever gave to me.

"Do you like this?" she said. 
"Mmm, yes." I replied. 
"It's really good isn't it. I've been doing myself for quite a
while now, but this is the first time I've touched anyone else. I so glad that it's you."
With that I felt a marvellous sensation well up inside me and
burst like a ruptured dam. I must have cried out because Jenny
placed her other hand over my mouth to stop the noise. I gripped
her arms as the waves of pleasure pulsed through my body. I could
feel the wetness leeking from my pussy, getting rubbed into my
skin by the touch of my sister. God - what an experience.

     So that is how it all began. From then on we experimented
together all the time. Jenny had learned things from the other
girls at school and she would try them out on me, then me on her.
It was a crazy few months. She would get into my bed after our
parents were asleep and we would just lie there together,
caressing eachother, bringing eachother to climax after climax.
After a while we began seeing other girls - friends. We would
recount our experiences to eachother in bed at night. This seemed
to turn Jenny on even more. We got hold of a porno mag from one
of Jenny's friends and reinacted every lesbian scene we could
find. That's when we discovered the pleasure of oral sex. Jenny
hadn't been too sure at first, and it was me that first sucked on
her cunt. She thought that the house was going to fall down! She
had such an orgasm, it was quite scarey really. Then she did me
and I realized why she had made so much of it - it was simply
fantastic - the feel of a hot tongue licking at my clit for all
it was worth. I discovered the taste of another girl, the taste
of girl juices and I liked it. It was a tangy taste, I can't
really describe it but I know it tasted so good. 

     I remember one Saturday night we had a sleepover. Mom said
that Jenny and I could invite our two best friends and so we
invited Carrie and Marsha. I had already fingered Carrie before
in the toilets at school, and she really liked it. Jenny admitted
that she and Marsha had sucked eachother's breasts when she had
been over at Marsha's house a few weeks before. After our folks
had gone to bed we had played around a little while, then Jenny
and I decided that we would put on a show for the others. We
sucked and licked and finger-fucked ourselves stupid infront of
Carrie and Marsha, and by the time we finally went to sleep we
had both sucked and fucked the other girls, then watched as they
did eachother  -  but that's another story I might tell you about
some time!

     I remember coming home from school one day to find that Mom
was out. Dad wouldn't be home for a couple of hours so Jenny and
I had the house to ourselves. I thought of all the wonderful
things that we could do together. I knew that Jenny was already
in because her schoolbag was sitting on a chair in the hallway. I
called to her, but there was no answer so I looked around
downstairs then went upstairs and finally found her in the
bathroom She was standing in just a t-shirt, her jeans and
panties were lying on the floor. She was stood next to the
bath-tub with one foot raised on the edge. Great! I thought, what
a way to start! She seemed to be doing something, playing with
her pussy maybe, I was rather upset that she seemed to have
started without me. I walked round in front of her to see her
hand pulling in the string that dangled from her slit. What the
hell was she doing? I could see something begin to emerge from
her pussy - then I realized. Jenny was on her period and she was
changing her tampon. I watched, fascinated, as the thin tube slid
from between her legs and finally slipped out and swung on the
end of its little string. I had learned about periods at school,
some of my friends said that they had started theirs, but I had
never seen anything like this before. I was under the impression
that the tampon was used to soak up the blood, but it didn't seem
to be the right colour. It was darker, a red brown colour, not
the vivid red of blood. Jenny looked up and smiled a half smile
at me.
"Sorry Sally, but we can't ...you know... It's my period."
I felt fed up. I really had wanted to have a good session with
Jenny today. I was ready for it. I thought for a moment then
walked up to her and took the tampon from her hand. Holding it by
the string I dangled it under my nose and sniffed the aroma of
her discharge. It was peculiar, not at all disgusting and ransid
as I had thought that it would be, but rather rich and musty.
Jenny looked at me and turned her nose up.
"God, you're gross sometimes Sally!" she said.
"I don't know," I replied, "I kind of like the smell." With that
I reached forward and placed my hand between her still open legs
and stuck my finger into her cunt and worked it around a little.
Jenny moaned with pleasure as I traced my finger around her clit
and in and out of her hole. Her hips began moving in time with my
movements, then she stopped. I looked her straight in the eye and
took out my finger and popped it straight into my mouth. Jenny
winced as she watched me such the bloody juices from my finger. I
dipped my finger again for a second lot, working it in and out to
make sure that I got a good coating. I could taste the richness
of her fluids in my mouth, I could feel them on my fingers and I
LIKED IT!

     Jenny was not sure what to make of it all. The fact that her
little sister was licking her period juices was rather abhorent
to her, but the pleasure of being fingered was overwhelming. I
walked over to the bathroom door and locked it in case Mom came
back without us hearing. Jenny remained silent as she lay down on
the floor and spread her legs for me. I knelt in front of her and
lowered my face to her pussy, taking in the new rich smell. I
paused for only a brief second before I plunged my tongue into
her warm waiting cunt. I felt an incredible urge come over me as
I licked at her bloody cunt and pushed my face hard into her,
squelching my face into her. It was like a vampire feasting on
the blood of a virgin. I felt posessed by this desire to have
every last drop of her that I could. Jenny was writhing around on
the floor, I could feel her muscles tense and I knew that she was
close to orgasm. I pushed my tongue as deep inside her as I could
as she came. Her juices flowed faster now and mixed with her
discharge. It was so good. Jenny's body tensed for a few seconds
as she came, then relaxed. I stood up and looked at myself in the
mirror. God, what a mess. I would have expected more, but all
over my face there were traces of a browny/red liquid together
with the shiney patches of love juice. I looked at Jenny, she
looked at me and grimaced. I just grinned back at her and
proceeded to wash my face.

     Since then I have always preferred licking my sister during
her period. I don't know just why it is, but I do love it. It may
seem rather revolting, but I have never suffered any after
effects and I DO like the taste! A couple of months ago Carrie
told me at school that she had started her first period. I did no
more than invite her home and lick her pussy clean for her too.
She tasted a little different from Jenny, but that's just the
soap she uses! Now I've started my periods and Jenny and Carrie
have both said that they will try licking me - just to see if
they like it as much as I do. I really hope they do. I suppose
that it won't be long before Jenny and I start having our periods
at the same time and I can't wait to have a 69 with her - a
menstrual meal for two!

      Maybe I'll write and tell you all about it or the day I
sucked Carrie's tampon in school! It depends what you can do for
me!!!!









             Periods (2)
                by 
             Lisa Cohn




     My name is Sally and I'm thirteen. I've written to you
before a couple of times and told you about me and my sister
Jenny and some of the things we have gotten up to. You must know
by now that I'm a sucker for periods - literally! I discovered
this by accident when I wanted to lick and suck on Jenny's pussy,
but she was having her period. I don't know why I did it, but I
just couldn't wait for another few days and licked her out,
period and all. The strange thing is that I like it. I like the
taste of her juices and discharge all mingled together. It's a
strange taste I must admit. There is the taste of girl juice,
sort of sweet and a little tangy, mixed together with a fuller,
tart taste that seems to stick to your tongue, so the flavour
lasts after the taste of the girl juice has faded away. I find it
hard to describe in words, you'd have to try it to know what I'm
talking about.

     Carrie is my best friend and a few months ago I started to
lick her pussy and clean her out when she has a period. We do all
the other sex stuff as well, you know, finger-fucking and 69ing,
but I do like it when she has her period and I can lap away at
her bloody cunt. There isn't much of a discharge with her as
she's only just started - not like Jenny who has a heavy flow at
her peak time - but it's a taste all of it's own. I started a
couple of months back now, only a little but I have definitely
started my periods. I get a little moody too - Mom says that it's
only natural and it's something that I'll have to put up with,
but I don't care because now I have fun with Carrie. Jenny
doesn't care for 'Period Pussy', but Carrie I think that Carrie
likes it almost as much as me. It's a pity that our periods don't
coincide like Jenny's and mine do or else we could have a really
good 69 together. 

     I remember waking up one morning and going to the toilet. I
slid my panties down to my knees and sat down and started to pee
all that pent up liquid from the night. I looked down and I could
see a small reddy/brown damp patch in my panties. I was everso
excitied because I knew what was happening to me. It was my first
period. When I had finished peeing I just sat and played with my
clit for a little while, bringing myself off once in the
excitement. I even tasted my own period. It was a great because I
knew that it was 'Virgin Period', the first of many. I worked my
finger right inside my little cunt as far as I could without
hurting myself, then moved it around to collect as much of the
juicey discharge as I could. It was all warm and sticky, not like
my usual sex juice. I examined my bloody finger, sort of dotted
awith a mixture of juice and patches of blood, then popped it
into my mouth for a quick suck. Now I may not be a good judge but
I would say that it tasted as good and either Jenny's or Carrie's
- if not better.

     As I have said I get it on with Carrie all the time now,
whenever we get a spare moment we like to disappear and bring
eachother off. The other day in school was the best yet. It was
Monday and I hadn't seen Carrie since Friday. We met during a
break in the morning and Carrie was beaming all over her face - I
knew that she had started for the month. (Am I wierd? Am I the
only girl to keep a record of their best friend's cycle in MY
diary?) I could feel my little nipples pushing outward as I grew
all steamed up. This was going to be a good day. We chatted for a
while and made arrangements to meet in the toilets just before
lunch. We had become good at making up excuses to leave lessons
for 15/20 minutes. Now that I have started the women teachers are
even more sympathetic and don't question me when I quietly ask to
be excused.

     We met up and after checking to see that the cubicles
weren't in use we selected out favourite one in the middle of the
group. Having closed the door behind us we kissed for a few
seconds, holding eachother close, pushing out little breasts
together and rubbing nipples through our clothes. We were
disturbed for a few minutes whilst some girl had a pee. We took
up the usual positions. Carrie squatted on the toilet seat and
rested her hands on my shoulders. I had turned so that my feet
pointed the right way (in case anyone looked under the door!)
After we heard the flush we waited until the girl had left. She
didn't even wash her hands! I turned and saw that Carrie had
already unhooked the top of her dress. I helped her pull it over
her head and hung it on the hook on the back of the door. She
wanted me to take her bra off too. She said that she wanted to be
competely naked for me. I obliged and soon had one of her breasts
pushed hard into my face, sucking on the hard little nipple.
Carrie was groaning. She said that it always felt better when she
was 'On', they were more sensitive then. I looked down at her
panties. She was wearing the silky blue ones that I liked and
always turned me on. Still, they had to go, and I slid then down
her legs right down to her ankles. She stepped out of them and I
hung them up with her dress and bra. I rubbed at her mound, she
was getting more hair there now - not much but it certainly felt
more noticable.

"Sally." Carrie said softly. "I started yesterday and I'm flowing
real good."
"That sounds good to me!" I grinned back at her.
"We gotta be careful. We're not at home now. If your face gets
all messy like it usually does then you'll have to wash and
someone might come in and see." There was concern in her voice.
"Pussy lickin's one thing - but this would take alot of
explaining!"

My hand was still rubbing gently between her legs when I felt
something between my fingers. It was the string to her tampon. I
looked at Carrie and she seemed to know what I was thinking. She
held out her hand and showed me the spare that she had brought
with her. I grinned back at her and sank down in front of her.
Carrie spread her legs a bit as slowly I pulled on the little
string and watched the white end of her tampon appear from her
little pink cunt. I knew that I was really going to like this,
but wanted Carrie to have some pleasure as well. I also wanted to
make her juices flow too so that I got a real good mixture. Using
the finger of one hand whilst the other operated the string I
gave Carrie her first ever 'Tampon Fuck'. She was soon writhing
as I pushed the white finger deep inside her then pulled quickly
on the string to slide it half out, then back in again. I found
that as I pushed slowly in if I raised the string a little it
would rub her clit and she seemed to like that alot. I had to be
careful though, I knew that if I did it too quick the string
would surely cut into her of give her a friction burn - and I
didn't want to hurt her or have her cunt close down for repairs!
Every now and then I had to lick around her hole to stop her
juices from dribbling down her legs. She couldn't go into lunch
with juices running down her legs! There was a little of her
discharge mixed in with the juice and I could taste that taste
that I had been missing for the past few weeks. I stopped before
I went too far and got myself covered. Carrie came with a loud
groan. She's gotta stop doing that or someone will hear from the
outside!

     Now it was my turn and I wanted to have an early lunch. I
had an idea. There would be no messy face and I could get as much
of that period juice as Carrie could manage. I pulled down on the
string until her tampon popped out and was left dangling on the
end of the string. I looked at it for a while. It was all damp
with her juices and from about a third of the way down it was all
speckled with blood, then the final third was absolutely
saturated. She was certainly having a heavy time today. God it
looked good. Carrie stepped down off the toilet seat and sat
down, relieving her aching calves. She said she needed a pee and
started to fire into the bowl. She watched me examine her
bloodstained tampon, then grinned as I took hold of one end,
pouted my lips and pushed it into my mouth like I was pushing it
into a little cunt. I tightened the grip of my lips as I pushed,
forcing the collected juice to squeeze itself out under the
pressure. I didn't realize just how effective these things were,
there was so much more than I expected. It coated the inside of
my mouth and there was still a little pool of it around my
tongue. The taste was so strong, so pungent  -  so Carrie! 

     I pulled the tampon out by the string, pressing my lips
together even harder so as to squeeze some more of Carrie's
period into my mouth. I was in heaven! I sucked at the tampon to
make sure that I had gotten everything I could out of it. By this
time it was getting all fluffed up and starting to disintegrate
and there was nothing for it but to flush it away down the
toilet. Now here was something that I wanted to do again, and
again and again!

     Carrie had wiped herself round with some paper and gave me
the honour of inserting her fresh tampon. I asked her if we could
meet again after school so that I could see if there was enough
for seconds. She said that she would come over after school and I
could look for myself! There wasn't so much the next time but it
tasted just as good.

                        ****************

     For some reason I missed my next period. At first I got
worried thinking that I was pregnant, but that was just
stupidity! I've never had sex with a boy and probably won't as
long as I enjoy the tastes of other girls. I got the biggest and
best surprise a week or so later when I started at the same time
as Carrie. We had our special 69 for the first time ever. A
menstrual meal for two. It was so exciting and so sexy - just
Carrie and me. We even experimented a little further. Now you
know that I said that I had tasted my own period, well apparently
Carrie had tried it too after I told her. We both agreed that we
tasted different form eachother. I started to wonder what a
menstrual mixture of the two of us would be like. I had an idea.
We met in the toilets at school just after lunchtime and swapped
tampons! It was certainly a weird feeling sticking a bloody used
tampon up inside me. I nearly gave it a suck beforehand, but
Carrie said that it would spoil the experiment. We returned to
class and arranged to meet at her place as hwr Mom would be out
that afternoon. The thought of things to come had juiced us both
up and by the time we were sat together in the bathroom Carrie
and I were full of juice and blood. We stood in facing eachother
and reached down, slowly pulled the saturated tampons from our
cunts and slipped them into our mouths. God there was so much. It
was like sucking on an orange. The taste was an incredible
mixture of two types of love juice and two little girls
discharges. The taste seemed to stay with me for hours. I still
have this picture in my mind of me looking into the bathroom
mirror and seeing two little girls sucking on tampons, Carrie
with a little blood oozing from the side of her mouth. When it
was all finished we kissed for a while and then 69'd so that we
got as much as we could. I must admit that I felt a little sick
afterwards. I think that it was because I had had so much at one
go, but did I enjoy it? You bet I did!

     I really like girl sex. I love 69s, I love having my
nipples rubbed and fingerfucking with Carrie and Jenny. But I
spend my time waiting for that special few days when I can enjoy
'Period Pussy' and 'Tampon Time'. 

Seeya,

Sally.
