Archive-name: Changes/perm-one.txt
Archive-author: Sandy Sullivan
Archive-title: Permanent for life, A



A permanent wave leads to a permanent change of life.  


	It was very lonely in my room, but it had been lonely in all
of the rooms I had lived in. My Mother and Father had been killed
in a car, bus accident during my first semester at college, Since
I had no other relatives and no money of my own I had sold their
house and with the life insurance money and the settlement from
the bus company, I was relatively well off. I had decided to
continue at college and was able to live well and pay all of my
tuition. But now having graduated with a major in photographic
journalism, and minors in business and computer science, I had
barely over $ 250,000 left. I know that seems like a lot of money
but at the present low interest rates it only provides $ 17,000
annual income. I had sworn to myself not to spend any more of the
principle, so I needed some work real soon.
	I was determined to make it as a photo journalist, but so
far had not been able to land a position in that field. I guess I
will take a look through the trade papers again, maybe something
quick will show up. "Hey here is one" I exclaimed.

"Leading Professional Beauty Magazine desires complete set of
photos, start to finish, of a patron receiving a machine
permanent wave. Photos needed to illustrate article on the
history of permanent waves. Fee $2000 will advance half on
receipt of signed contract. Contact Ms. Sybil Smythe, ---
Chicago, IL 312-3---2---"

	Wow, a little panic always livens things up! I have already
spent most of the advance, and after phoning 34 beauty shops I
haven't found any that still use machines to give permanent
waves. The last shop I called gave me the name of one that might
still use this method, and it is only a couple of blocks from
here. I guess I will go get some lunch and then walk on over
there and inquire. The sandwich wasn't too bad but the crowd of
middle aged businessmen sure gave me a fit about my shoulder
length blond hair. Some people really get uptight about anyone
that looks different from them. I don't suppose you could blame
them though, I am not very tall and do have a slender build.
I fact I am actually about the size, or a little smaller than
most of the women I know. Not that I know very many, I have
always been very shy, and have never even had a real date.
Somehow I have never had the courage to approach a girl for a
date. Of course I have been out to the clubs but only in a group.
I love to dance and usually the girls ask me to dance because of
my ability. The truth is I am still a virgin at 21. I really like
women, but maybe it is because I have always felt I wasn't man
enough for them, that has kept me from having a close
relationship.

	"The Sisters" is really quite impressive. A large colonial
styled brick building with it's own parking lot. It certainly
looks prosperous, well here goes, I have never been in a real
beauty salon before. I always have my hair shaped and trimmed in
one of those Unisex places in the mall. Well I don't guess they
will bite.
	"May I help you" said the very tall, very blond
	 receptionist as she looked down at me.

	I couldn't help staring as I stuttered and stammered trying
to explain why I was there.

	"I am sure we cannot be of any assistance to you, we do
	still use machines but only for a few special customers,
	and we don't have appointments for that service coming up." 

	"Oh, here is of the owners, she may know of something."

	"Hi,I am Margaret Merrill, I'm sorry but at this time I'm
	afraid you are out of luck."

	Boy this place is full of tall beautiful women, Ms. Merrill
was also tall and a very striking brunette.
	
	"But Ms. Merrill" I tried to explain "I must get a set of
	photos of someone, I have already spent my advance and must
	mail the photos by the day after tomorrow. Maybe if I would
	pay for the service one of your employees would agree to be
	the subject." 
	
	Ms. Merrill replied,"I do sympathize with you young man, but
	all of my operators wear their hair in certain styles to
	promote current trends in hair fashion. None of them are in
	need of a permanent wave at this time."--------"But wait if
	you are really as desperate as you say, why not let us give
	you the permanent?"----

	"Me" I gulped, "But I'm sure they want it to be a woman."--

	"Young man, with the proper clothes and a little makeup no
	one would know the difference. Besides, that is the only
	solution for your problem that I can offer."   

	"But who would take the pictures" I offered weakly.

	" I am sure you could show us how to operate your camera, it
	doesn't look too complicated. But make up your mind, we will
	have to start soon as it will take several hours to complete
	this little project, and it is almost 2 o'clock now." Ms.
	Merrill 	replied.

	"Do you really think it would work? --- what can I do with
	my hair after you finish? --- I mean can you put me back
	like I am?" I nervously stammered.

	"Yes" she laughed "it will work and if you don't like the
	way you look when we finish we can always straighten your
	hair.

	Now if you will just go with Janice she will help you change
clothes and appearance so we can get started on our little
project."

	Janice, the operator who had just walked up conferred a few
moments with Ms. Merrill, then took me by the hand and led me
toward the rear of the establishment. Janice opened the door to
what appeared to be a dressing and bathroom area.

	"Take off all of your clothes and I will obtain an outfit
	for you" she instructed.

	"All of them?"  
	
	"Yes all of them, you must wear the proper foundation
	garments if you are to present a realistic appearance."

	When I had finished stripping, Janice measured my chest,
waist, and hips and asked what size shoes I wore. She then
entered a large walk in closet and returned with several items.
As she instructed I managed to struggle into a cleverly padded
all in one garment. For some reason, as I was getting into this
garment, I was beginning to feel a strange exhilaration and I had
to place my erected member in an upright position. Janice told me
to suck in my stomach as she pulled the back zipper up. This
garment was padded in the hip, buttock, and breast areas so that
I now appeared to have a very feminine shape. Because of the
powerful restricting qualities of the garment I was required to
stand in a very erect manner. Of course this caused the padded
breasts and buttocks to be emphasized even more. Janice then
assisted me in donning a pair of stockings and showed me how to
attach them to the special tabs provided on the foundation
garment. I could not help blushing, as I was sure Janice was
aware of the strangely exciting effects the stockings were adding
to my already exhilarated state. Next was a beautiful beige
blouse of some soft and silky material that was decorated at the
cuffs and neck with delicate ruffles of lace. To this she added a
pair of brown pleated pants with a back zipper. On my feet she
placed a pair of brown shoes similar to penny loafers only with a
higher heel and more delicately styled.

	"Come sit at the vanity so I can apply a little makeup."
	instructed Janice. "Just lipstick should do for now, we will
	do a complete make over later in the process. Now, if that
	is where you would like to start your photo series, we can
	return to the reception area." 

	The shoes Janice had provided were quite comfortable, but
the foundation garment was so restrictive I had to sway my hips
in a feminine way to walk. Ms. Merrill was waiting at the
reception desk when we returned. She greeted me in a manner that
seemed to increase my excitement even more.

	"My, you look like a perfect young lady, and we haven't
	even begun to change you." Ms. Merrill said.

	Change me! Was there some hidden meaning in her statement?
But before I could question her or even think about it very much
Ms. Merrill had snapped several shots of me entering the door,
and Janice was leading me to the working area of the salon. At
this time I can not even remember agreeing to let them give me
the machine permanent, but it seemed the resistance I had
initially felt to this idea was rapidly vanishing. Although I had
not seen myself in a mirror yet, the clothing I was wearing was
having a definite effect on me. I seemed to feel very passive,
and was actually filled with anticipation for what was to come.
	Janice led me into a room set off from the main salon. It
contained a mirrored wall with low cabinets in front of it, a
shampoo bowl and chair, a styling chair facing the mirrors, and a
hair dryer attached to a chair. In one corner was a large machine
on a stand that I assumed must be the permanent wave machine. It
had a large number of insulated wires, with clamps on the end of
each, dangling from what I thought must be a control head since
there were several dials, lights, and switches on the front of
the large round top. I had no idea at this time what part the
machine was to play in the waving process but it was most
imposing, maybe even frightening.

	"Please remove your blouse, we don't want to spill any thing
	on it."

	Janice's words startled me back to attention, I must have
been staring at this machine longer than I realized.  

	"Put on this smock and lean back at the shampoo bowl."
	Janice instructed.

	Janice was very thorough and I really enjoyed the way she
shampooed my hair. Wrapping a towel around my hair like a turban
she told me to be seated in the styling chair. She removed the
towel and used it to dry my hair and then used a blow dryer and
brush until it was barely damp. While she was drying my hair I
was staring at myself in the mirrors and as she fluffed my hair
out the excitement I had been feeling seemed to grow even more. 
Perhaps because of the excitement or maybe fear I had begun to
tremble and now was actually shaking.  She began removing trays
of different items from the cabinets and placed them along the
top in convenient reach. We were now joined by Ms. Merrill, who
was carrying my camera, and another beautician whom she
introduced as Tara. 

     "Oh my, you are shaking like a leaf. said MS. Merrill.
"Tara,please bring some wine to help soothe her jitters."

     As soon as I had drunk the wine a warm glow seemed to fill
me and soon my shaking had stopped. I did not drink normally but
if wine makes you feel this good I will certainly try it again.
Ms. Merrill noted that I had calmed down and told Janice to
proceed.Ms. Merrill began taking photos as Janice and Tara, one
on each side, started working on me. Beginning with a center part
each operator would section off a small amount of hair and pull
it through a slit in a rectangle of some sort of felt like
material. This piece was placed next to my scalp with the section
of hair extending through the center. They would then place a
clamp like device over the felt pad and secure it around the
hair. Next they applied a creamy looking lotion from a squeeze
bottle and combed it through the section of hair. After the
lotion had been applied they would place a metal roller at the
end of the hair section and roll it toward the scalp, securing
the roller to the clamp. Janice and Tara continued with this
procedure rapidly and soon had most of my head covered with these
roller devices. While Ms. Merrill took another photo of this
stage of the process she inquired--

	"How do like your conversion so far?"

	I was at a loss as to what reply I could give, I seemed to
be in a trance and all I could do was sit passively and watch the
amazing change in my appearance that was occurring. With the
rollers all over my head I looked just like a woman! Whether this
strange sense of passiveness was due to the fumes from the
lotion, which smelled very strongly of ammonia, or to the waves
of excitement that were coursing through me. I seemed to sense
some sort of ominous overtones in Ms. Merrill's question, what
could she mean by conversion? ----- Although I could not remember
actually agreeing to have the permanent wave put in my hair,
things had happened so fast and progressed so far I was afraid to
back out now. I certainly could not just walk out in this
condition. I must admit that I was enjoying the great feelings of
excitement and anticipation that had come over me. Even though I
was beginning to suspect that Ms. Merrill had more in store for
me than just a permanent wave I seemed powerless to resist. The
restriction of the foundation garment constantly reminded me of
the huge erection I had, and it seemed to be growing by the
minute.
	The two operators had finished securing the last roller and
all of my hair was now completely fastened up in these curling
devices. Such strangely exciting feelings coursed through me as I
stared at my reflection in this condition. Janice re-wet all of
my hair on the rollers with the same lotion, and asked me to
please be seated in the chair under the permanent waving machine.
As I arose from the styling chair I realized just how heavy and
uncomfortable these rollers were. Ms. Merrill had taken photos of
the completed rolling and now that I was seated in the chair was
taking more as Tara commenced placing a clamp over each roller.
These clamps were attached to insulated wires that hung from the
head of the machine. The clamps were cylindrical and completely
covered the hair wound on the roller. I watched my reflection in
the mirrored wall with fascination, each time Tara attached
another clamp my excitement and euphoric feeling seemed to mount
to a higher level. It was obvious to me now that any idea I might
have had about backing out was impossible. I was securely
fastened to the machine with so many wires and clamps, that only
one of the operators could free me. I sensed that Ms. Merrill had
no intention of allowing that to happen. My hair was going to be
permanently waved by these women and there was nothing I could do
now to stop it. Tara had now completed placing all of the clamps,
and was adjusting dials and switches on the control panel of the
machine above my head.

	"Well since we have you safely secured I shall take some
	photos now, and then I must attend to certain other details
	of your conversion. Tara has set the controls to the proper
	temperature and timing to give you a firm and long lasting
	curl. You will be connected to the machine for about an
	hour, so Janice will be able to do something about improving
	your hands while you are	processing. If your head becomes
	too hot, or you think one of the clamps is burning your
	scalp, let Janice know immediately." with that informative 
	but chilling statement Ms. Merrill left Janice to attend me
	while I sat bound to this machine.

	How did I get myself into this predicament?. It is almost as
if these women were just waiting for me so they could do this. No,
surely that is not true this is a business place, they make money
by fixing peoples hair, it must be my imagination. But it 
certainly appears that they are enjoying themselves. What can I
possibly do when this ordeal is over? Obviously my hair is to be
firmly and permanently curled by this machine. Even though I
don't have any relatives or close friends, my landlady, and the
women at the grocery store, and the restaurant are bound to know
my hair has been curled. How can I face them? What if somebody
recognizes me from the pictures,---- and "conversion" what does
Ms. Merrill mean by that?----- Is that just a figure of speech?

	"Your other hand!" Janice said shocking me back from my
worries. She had set up a manicure table, attached some false
nails to my left hand, and now was proceeding to do the same to
my right hand.

	"Why are you doing that to my hands, I just wanted pictures
	of a hairdo." I asked.

	"Ms. Merrill gave instructions that we are to make you
	appear completely feminine and as beautiful as possible. She
	wants the pictures to be as realistic as possible." Janice
	replied.

	Oh my, how will I ever get this all undone? As I worried
what was happening to me, Janice shaved both of my hands and
forearms with an electric razor. She filed the false fingernails
into long slender ovals and then applied a clear polish to each
nail.

	"I will only apply the base coat now since I won't know what
	color to use until your makeup is done." Janice told me.

	While Janice was placing the manicure table by the hair
dryer I became aware of how uncomfortable I was. The weight of
all the steel rollers and clamps was making my neck tired,
especially since could hardly turn my head because of all the
wires connecting me to the machine. At least the smell from the
lotion wasn't as strong as it had been, but the heat from the
machine clamps was really uncomfortable. I called to Janice
telling her how hot my head was becoming.

	"That is to be expected". she replied. " This process
	operates on the principle of increasing heat. The lotion we
	applied softens the hair so it will assume the shape of the
	curlers. The machine generates heat through the clamps
	fastened over the curlers. The increasing heat causes the
	lotion to steam out of the hair and hardens the hair into
	the new shape on the curler. The machine will cut off in
	five more minutes so just be patient."

    Janice rolled a cart in front of me that contained a TV
monitor and VCR. She started a tape and then brought a miniature
set of headphones and placed them in my ears. Janice left the
room as the tape began to play scenes of beautiful landscapes,
seashores and mountains. The sound to this tape was of some
strange New Age music that repeated itself periodically. As I
watched and listened a soothing, peaceful, and happy feeling came
over me. I did not seem to be any less excited, only less anxious
and fearful. Ms. Merrill returned to the room with Tara just as
the machine clicked off. Janice donned a pair of gloves and
removed the hot clamps from my head. Ms. Merrill snapped several
photos of this being done and said.

	"Now that your hair has been curled, we must cool it before
	removing the curlers. If you will go back to the styling
	chair Janice and Tara will start the cooling."

	As I rose from the chair under the machine I almost fell. It
must have been the continuous excitement, the smell of the waving
lotion and the heat from the permanent wave machine that had made
me feel so weak. Ms. Merrill assisted me to the styling chair and
said.

	" I'm sure you will find the rest of your conversion will
	not be so uncomfortable."

	Janice and Tara each used a small blower to cool my hair,
and it certainly was a relief. They soon shut off the blowers and
started removing the rollers, clamps and pads. As they removed
each one a long golden ringlet would fall until soon my head was
a mass of golden curls. When the last roller had been removed,
Janice led me to the shampoo bowl and rinsed my hair. Ms. Merrill
snapped several more photos of these proceedings. After the rinse
I was returned to the styling chair, and with a towel around my
hair I placed a new roll of film in my camera. Janice combed some
liquid through my hair and started setting it on plastic rollers,
using clips to hold each roller in place. AS Ms. Merrill took
more pictures she said.

	"She is setting your hair in a certain pattern so that we
	will be able to arrange it in a suitable style."

	As soon as this was completed another beautician, who
apparently was the makeup artist, looked my face over carefully
and after comparing some color samples with my face told Janice
what color nail enamel to use. As she left the room Janice placed
me under the hair dryer and Ms. Merrill took photos of me under
the hair dryer. While my hair was drying Janice applied a soft
pink color to my nails and then a coat of clear sealer. As she
finished one hand and then the other I was amazed at how feminine
my hands now were. Having finished my nails, Janice brought me
another glass of wine and repositioned the video cart and
started the tape before again leaving the room.

 As the dryer droned on my mind began going over everything that
had been done to me. Never could I remember having been so
excited and for such a long period. My testicles were actually
beginning to ache. Glancing from my hands to my reflection in the
mirror I wondered why I was enjoying what these women were doing
to me. As they increasingly changed my appearance the strange
feelings within me became more overwhelming. I drank the wine and
began to look at the tape again since I had enjoyed it so much
the first time.

      Ms. Merrill and Janice returned just as the dryer turned
off. Ms. Merrill took several pictures and then said.

	"We will soon be through and I just know you will be
	delighted with your new appearance."

 Janice placed a satin bonnet over my curls and led me to the
makeup room. In the center of the alcove devoted to makeup was a
large padded bench over which was suspended a large light
fixture. Near one end were several machines with various dials
and switches that I assumed were for giving facial treatments.
Elaine, the makeup artist, told me to lie down on this bench.
After arranging a cloth over my clothing, she placed a dark pad
over each eye.

	"It is necessary to shield your eyes from the bright light I
	will be using. I will be shaping eyebrows to begin with. You
	will feel a pricking sensation, but just remain absolutely
	still until I have finished." Elaine advised.

	It seemed forever before she removed the pads from my eyes,
the pricking sensation she had mentioned felt more like being
repeatedly stuck with a needle. She produced a hypodermic syringe
and told me she was going to deaden my earlobes so the earrings
wouldn't bother me. She said people who had not worn earrings
before found them uncomfortable. She Injected each ear and then
began applying makeup to my face, eyes and lips. As she attached
a gold loop to each ear I was glad she had deadened them. It felt
just like she had punched a hole in my earlobe. Ms. Merrill had
been taking photos while Elaine was working on me and she handed
me my camera so I could change the film again. Janice had me
remove the smock and replace it with the ruffled blouse I had
worn earlier. I was then brought back to the room where the
permanent wave had been given and seated in the styling chair. 
Janice removed the satin bonnet and started taking the rollers
out. As she removed the rollers my hair stayed in the shape it
had been set in. Sitting in the chair wearing a feminine smock,
and with my set hair, I looked just like a woman,---  and I liked
looking like a woman! What was happening to me? My appearance had
been so drastically changed already and I was actually wanting
them to hurry so I could see myself when they finished! Janice
then began brushing and combing my hair. I could see while she
worked that she was arranging my curls in an updo. Ms. Merrill
had been taking pictures while Janice worked and as Janice
finished my hair style by applying hair spray Ms. Merrill said.

	"With your fair skin I new it would be easy to complete
	this first part in your conversion."

As I gazed at my reflection I saw a beautiful young lady! Piles
of artfully arranged golden curls, a beautiful face with long
dark eyelashes, sweepingly arched eyebrows, seductively pouting
pink lips, gold earrings dangling from pierced ears this was me!
I stared at what I had become until the mounting waves of passion
completely overcame me as I blissfully fainted.

	" I believe that you have a new member for our little
	family Ms. Merrill, he has fainted from excitement!"
	exclaimed Janice. "Yes and the stain on the front of his
	slacks is the proof. It seems our little photographer is to
	willingly become a slave to his new found beauty. The proper
     tranquilizer in the wine and that tape with the sublimnal
     messages is quite effective in creating the desire to be
     a woman. Please  revive him at once as I have many more
     surprises for our new  girl to be."

--
