Dedicated to the friend who inspired this ...

--

                                    Perseids

The car crunched over gravel as it pulled off to the side of the road.
The valley was spread in a carpet of yellow, white, and reddish lights
out to the bulk of Mount Diablo, invisible in the haze except for its
red beacon, blinking like an eye off in the distance.

The steady stream of conversation that had been maintained since the
restaurant and the coffeehouse died out as they climbed out of the
car.

"It's cold out here," she said, as the first gust of the nighttime
valley wind hit her.

"Well, take something from the leather parking zone in the back," he
said, reaching into the back seat and grabbing at a dark leather object
of uncertain description, which turned out to be his jacket.

It was August 11th, the maximum of the Perseid meteor shower, nearly 11
o'clock.  Not as impressive as the Leonids yet to come in 1999 (a
meteor shower in that year!  The Millenial cultists will love it, he
thought), but still, a meteor shower none the less.  He had added an
invitation to go meteor shower viewing to the end of a friendly dinner
and coffee date, certain that she would see it as the transparent pass
that it might be, and turn him down flat (politely, but flat.  But she
hadn't, and now he was in the awkward position of having to decide if
he had meant it as a pass or amateur astronomy.

A large crowd was gathered along the side of the road, a vista point
overlooking Concord, Walnut Creek, Pleasant Hill.  Off back the road,
he could see a news crew roaming through the hillside, blazing away
with their hundreds-of-Watts video lights, asking people, "Have you
seen any meteors?"  "Uh, until you deprived me of my eyesight for
several hours, why yes, yes I did, sir."  Fortunately, they were far
enough away to be spared their fifteen second of fame, and retain their
night vision.

They both leaned back on the car, side by side, staring at the night
sky.  After a moment's pause, the meteors appeared, first one, then
another.  They watched in silence for a few minutes, counting the
shooting stars.

"They're higher up the sky than I expected," he said.

"Uh huh.  Not the best angle for viewing," she replied as she craned
her head back.

A few minutes go by.  Twenty, twenty-one.  Twenty-two.  A very bright
one streaks across, leaving a trail across the zenith.  Twenty-three.

"Cold?"

"Just a bit.  You?"

"Freezing, at least my hands are."

For emphasis, he slid his hand over her exposed neck.

"That's not cold.  Now this is cold," she grinned, running her
fingertips over his cheek.  He gave a most satisfactory yipe in reply.

"OK, that's cold!"

Pause.

"Bring that hand back here!  It was nice and warm!" she said, tugging
at a dangling bit of leather on the sleeve of his jacket.  Obligingly,
he put one hand over her shoulder, and rested his palm on her throat,
gently caressing.

Another long pause.  Twenty-four.  Another minute or so.  Twenty-five.

"Hey ..."  "I ..." they started in almost simultaneously, turning to
each other.  The result, given the proximity of the curb, edge of the
rise, and movement restrictions imposed by the leather jackets, was
that they found themselves flung into each other's arms, quite
unexpectedly.  Their unrelated thoughts died out as they considered the
situation.

Pause.

"Uh, hi!" he said softly, close enough to her to feel her breath.

"Hi ..." she replied, lifting up her face just a bit, whether in
anticipation or just to look at him, the world may never know.

He leaned down, and brushed his lips with hers.  As she let more of her
weight settled onto him, he found her mouth again, and let their mouths
open together.  His tongue sipped into her mouth, and he could feel her
acceptance in her body, as he gathered her into his arms.

One of his hands strayed up to her hair, petting it, while the other
ran down her back, fondling ...   After many moments of passionate
kissing, they broke off, and look into each other's eyes.

"Uh, this is OK?" he ventured.

"I'll let you know," she replied, pulling his head back down with one
hand firmly in his hair.

As they kissed, he slipped one hand into the front of her jacket,
feeling her large breast through the fabric of the blouse, tracing and
stroking.  He was rewarded by a catch in her breathing as he found the
hardening nipple under the fabric, and played with it, encouraging it.

After a moment of enjoying her lovely curves, he slowly turned her
around, her back to the car, and pressed himself against her, feeling
himself grow hard as their hips ground together.

Her breathing had grown heavy and ragged to match his.  He reached out
and, without breaking their embrace, opened the passenger side car
door.  He manuevered her down into sitting in the passenger's seat, him
kneeling between her legs.  With only the briefest of glances around to
look for possible passers-by, he quickly untied one shoe, then the
other.

"Just what do you think you're doing?" she asked with an amused smile.

"This is a trick question, right?  Taking off your shoes," he replied.

"Oh, OK.  Just checking," she answered with a grin, extending a foot
for better access.

The reclining position made for much better access to her jean's
zipper, and off came her jeans and underwear.  Even in the cramped
surroundings, he was able to slowly run his tongue up the insides of
her thighs, starting with slow, caressing strokes at her knees, sliding
in small circles down the insides of her thights until he reached her
pussy.

He started licking and probing, his tongue making long, gentle strokes
up her slit as she moistens.  One hand reclined the seat, giving her a
slightly better purchase, as he moved up to her clit and starts licking
around it in converging circles ...

With steady licks, back and forth, he set up a rhythm, circling her
clit, making long erotic licks down to her vagina, then back up to
flick his tongue quickly across her, being rewarded by a gasp.  He
increased the speed slowly, building the tension he can feel in her
thighs, as a hand tweaked her nipples through her bra, enjoying their
hardness.

Finally, he plunged down on her clit, bringing her closer, closer, and
finally over the edge, wallowing in her orgasm as he worked her though
one, then two, then three spasms with steady sucking on her pussy.

With a long sigh, he sat back slowly, admiring her spread out before
him.  A quick examination around saw no obvious intruders, as she
quickly pulled her jeans and panties back on.

"OK, sit here!" she commanded, patting the seat she had just vacated.
They switched positions, with her nimble hands quickly undoing his belt
buckle one, two, all the jean buttons.  With a quick tug, his cock
sprang out from the clothes, and her mouth plunged down on his balls.

First one, then the other ball got slowly caressed, licked, teased.
Her tongue tip then found its way up his shaft to the base under the
head, making circles as he groaned with pleasure.  Her tongue made its
way around the head, enjoying the bits of fluid that had already begun
to leak.

And, finally, she slid her warm, wet mouth over the entire shaft,
sucking in long, slow strokes, pulling at his penis.  Her speed
increased in time to his gasps and moans as she slid up and down, up
and down, drawing the seed out of him, only to break off, and tease him
with slow glides down his shaft to his balls.  In record time, he cried
out, and came in wet eruptions into her mouth, as her hand slowly
milked him dry.

After only the moment's pause to recover, he too pulled up his pants,
and climbed out of the car onto unsteady knees.  Leaning against the
door as it shut with a thump, he looked up at the sky.

"Lovely meteor shower, eh?  Pity they happen so rarely."

With a private smile, she replied, "Um hum.  Pity."

They reclined against the car, not touching, only millimeters closer
than before, and continued to watch the skys in friendly silence.
--
