Personal Assistant
by Tobias Equinox

   A few months ago, my wife hired a new personal assistant at her office,
someone to help her get organized and deal with daily minutia.  Susan had
graduated from an exclusive New England women's college where she'd majored
in business and minored, evidently, in sex.

   We discovered all this one evening when we had her over for dinner to
"get acquainted" and wound up learning more about Susan, and ourselves,
than we expected.

   Susan is an attractive young woman in her early twenties, of average
height.  She has a sweet, innocent face and wears her blonde hair short,
which adds to her appearance and probably helps her in the business world. 
That evening she wore a denim miniskirt, high leather boots and a white
cowboy shirt with black snaps at the cuffs and down the front.  Her
shoulders were broad and her thighs, most of which were visible below the
hem of the mini, were muscular; her breasts were high and quite large and,
from the free motion evident behind her shirt, braless as well.  We were
not surprised when she told us she had been a varsity soccer player in
school.

   I had prepared a spectacular meal, if I do say so myself, complete with
two bottles of a excellent wine.  There was sherry before and cognac after,
and by the time we got around to coffee, we were all talking pretty freely.
 Susan began telling us in great detail about the two friends she had gone
through school with, how they had played soccer together, roomed together
off and on, dated together, that sort of thing.  Then she let drop, rather
casually, that one of their favorite pastimes had been to stay late after
soccer practice and engage in steamy threesomes in the shower.

   My jaw dropped open, but my wife just smiled and looked interested and
urged the girl on.  Seeing that she had an attentive audience, Susan
described a couple of sessions in rather graphic detail.  Her description
aroused me considerably, and, to my surprise, they seemed to be arousing
Laura as well.  My wife is a petite woman, not much older than Susan, with
rich brown hair to her shoulders and a slim figure.  Her breasts are small
and firm and turn up saucily; her legs are long and tapered.  As Susan told
her stories, I could see my wife squeezing her crossed legs together in
unconscious pleasure.

   The fact that her stories turned us on was not lost on Susan.  We poured
another round and she told another story, and at one point Laura asked if
she and her friends were gay.  Susan laughed and said no, just good
friends.  In fact, she said, both her friends were now married and one of
them was already expecting her first child.  They all liked men just fine,
she said, glancing my way.  It was just that they also enjoyed
themselves--sometimes.  Susan smiled coyly and said she had always like
women with small, pointed breasts, just like my wife's.  With a long look
at my crotch, she added that she also enjoyed a stiff cock.

   Laura and I were astonished.  It wasn't that we'd never heard words like
that before--in fact, we use them between ourselves frequently--but we had
not expected them from someone so young and innocent-looking.  However,
when Susan rose and walked slowly over to Laura and knelt before her,
neither of us said a word.  Susan reached out and brushed her fingertips
across Laura's breasts, smiling as she tickled my wife's erect, braless
nipples.  She eased Laura's legs apart and moved in between them.  Her
fingers moved quickly to unbutton Laura's blouse and slid it off her
shoulders.  With her fingers gently tracing Laura's swelling breasts, Susan
leaned forward and kissed her fully and passionately on the lips.  A small
moan escaped, I could not tell from who, and Laura reached for Susan's
shoulders to pull her closer.

   I watched all this with a growing erection.  Susan quickly removed her
own shirt, and Laura raised her hips and began to push her slacks and
underpants down.  Susan sat back, her hands on her breasts, rolling her
large, dark nipples between finger and thumb, while Laura slipped off her
remaining clothing.  Susan immediately bent forward and buried her head
between Laura's thighs as my wife leaned back against the chair and
extended her legs full length.  Her head fell back and she stared wide-eyed
at the ceiling, her tongue licking her lips.  Her hands, on the arms of the
chair, gripped with white-knuckled fierceness as Susan's fingers reached up
and touched her breasts.

   Covered only by her skimpy denim shirt, Susan's round ass rose up
invitingly, enticing me.  I stood and undressed quickly and moved to kneel
behind her.  I raised her skirt the scant few inches required and slipped
off her damp cotton panties, but found her high boots exciting, so I left
them on her.  Her bottom was remarkable, taut and lush, shadowed valleys of
velvet beckoning me.  I caressed her and her head stopped its motions,
which in turn caused Laura to look and see what was happening.  Our eyes
met for an instant, and she smiled.

   I slid a hand down, touching Susan's hot, wet open cunt, and she
responded at once, spreading her shapely legs and wiggling her perfectly
round ass in as clear a wordless welcome as I've ever received.  Naturally,
I accepted.  My cock, arching stiff before me, was trembling in
anticipation.  I grasped the base and rubbed the head against Susan's hot,
lubricated slit and plunged in to its full length.  Susan sighed happily
and returned to her work on my wife with her wet tongue.

   Laura raised her head again.  She looked down the length of Susan's back
to where she could clearly see me thrusting at our guest from behind.  The
sight of that only aroused her more, and her hands went to her breasts,
squeezing them and pinching the nipples as she stared fixedly at my surging
hips and Susan's ass, which shuddered each time I rammed home.  In a few
seconds Laura began to come.  I recognized the signs.  A bright red flush
rose from her breasts to her face, she began to gasp and moan and her
thighs gripped Susan tightly.  Soon I could feel Susan's cunt began to
squeeze me rhythmically, and I began to come as well.

   At the first hot spurt, Susan reached back between her legs and grabbed
my balls and held them tightly, keeping me buried motionless in her as jets
of come shot into her.  We were all coming at once, wildly, but still each
of us was aware of the others' orgasms, enjoying our own physical pleasure
while taking vicarious pleasure in the other two.  Finally, we collapsed in
a heap, Laura sliding from the chair to the floor to join us in sweaty
exhaustion.

   We didn't see Susan--at least, I didn't--for several weeks after than. 
Then, late one morning, I stopped by my wife's office intending to take her
out to lunch.  She was working at her desk when I entered.  She has a
corner office overlooking the city and the river, and I admired the view
while she finished.  In a few minutes she joined me, and we stood there for
a while in silence until I noticed that her hand, which had been around my
waist, was slipping closer to fondle my ass.  She looked up at me and
grinned and said she didn't really care to go out for lunch, that she would
rather eat there in the office.  I told her I hadn't brought anything, but
she just kept smiling.  She shut her office door, took me by the hand and
led me to her desk.  While I arched my back against the edge of the desk,
she sat in her chair in front to me.

   Slowly, seductively, she lowered my zipper, reached in and eased my cock
into view.  It was swelling with anticipation.  She kissed the head and ran
the tip of her tongue along the underside, then took the tip in her mouth
while her hand grasped the shaft.  She engulfed me gently, until half my
length was in her mouth.

   At that point we both heard a sound and looked around to see Susan
standing there with some papers in her hand and a wicked grin on her face. 
With a slight slurping noise, my wife popped me out of her mouth, told
Susan she had decided to "eat in" and asked if she'd care to join her. 
Susan nodded, tossed the papers on the desk and, my wife sliding to one
side to make room, knelt in front of me.

   Susan unfastened my belt and pulled my pants to my ankles, claiming that
she had a bigger appetite.  Then she began licking my thighs and my belly,
running her hands up between my legs and rubbing her breasts against my
knees, while my wife resumed sucking me.  In a moment they traded off and
Susan's mouth replaced Laura's, and Laura began to suck my balls, first
one, then the other, into her mouth.  I watched all this closely as the two
women traded off, back and forth, licking and fondling me, until I could
feel my explosion building up.  They must have felt it too, and, acting
upon some unspoken agreement, Susan grasped me and began jerking me off
while Laura just barely brushed her lips against the tip of my cock.

   In an instant I erupted, and Susan held me tightly, aiming the spurting
come at Laura's waiting mouth, until the gush subsided.  Then Laura leaned
back and Susan licked the come that smeared her hand and the head of my
cock until both were clean.  When she was done, they both got up and went
into the little washroom in the corner of Laura's office, leaving me
sagging against the desk, gasping, barely able to move, let alone pull up
my pants.  They soon returned, all neat and tidy once more, and helped me
dress and sent me on my way, dazed but happy.

   Over the next several months, Laura and I enjoyed Susan's company on
numerous occasions.  One day, however, my wife came home to inform me that
Susan would be leaving, moving to a new job that meant an increase in
prestige and salary.  We were both happy for her but agreed that we would
miss her.  We resolved to throw a farewell party for her, inviting all her
friends from the office.  The party was a great success, everybody had a
great time, and, of course, by the time it was over, it looked like Attila
and a select group of his friends had camped there for a week.

   We had asked Susan to stick around afterward, and when the door had
closed on the last guest, we went into the kitchen to discover her washing
dishes.  We insisted that cleaning up was not what we had in mind for her
at all and, taking her hands, we led her to the bedroom.  There we slowly
disrobed her, kissing and fondling her as we went.  My wife ran her
fingernails across the underside of Susan's breasts, leaving little white
lines and causing Susan's nipples to swell into little pink pebbles which I
immediately began to suck and lick.  I knelt to slip Susan's wispy panties
over her legs but left the smoky stocking and lacy black garter belt in
place.  My hands caressed her firm thighs and cupped her buttocks and my
fingers probed the lips of her cunt, which was already wet and slick and
pouting with desire.  I leaned forward, brushing my lips against her bush,
inhaling her powerful scent, then ran my tongue along her skin.  Laura was
enjoying Susan's heavy breasts as Susan, legs spread, smiling happily,
wrapped her arms around my wife's shoulders  and threw her head back and
gazed dreamily at the ceiling.  I dipped my head lower until my tongue
could taste her cunt.  I seized her clitoris between her lips, and as I
flicked it with the tip of my tongue, Susan began to shudder as an orgasm
swept over her.

   We waited until her orgasm subsided, Laura and I removing the last of
our clothing.  When we were completely naked, we took Susan to the bed and
lay her face-down on it, and, with Laura at her feet and I at her head, we
began to give Susan a slow, gentle massage.  We used sweet-smelling hot
oil, and soon Susan's skin was glowing and this young woman was all the
more enticing.  I worked on her shoulders and watched as my wife spread
Susan's legs and knelt between them, massaging her buttocks, her fingertips
frequently disappearing into shadowy clefts, evoking sensual gasps and
sighs from our beautiful friend.  Susan raised her hips from the bed,
offering herself brazenly to my wife, who reached under and began to stroke
Susan to another orgasm.

   After a few moments, Susan turned over on her back to lie face-up
beneath us.  Laura at once began to spread oil over Susan's abdomen and
thighs, rubbing it into her bush and the crevice of her cunt.  Susan
glanced up at me as I knelt over her, caressing her breasts, and saw only
my balls and half-erect cock swaying inches above her face.  The temptation
was too much, and she ran her tongue along the underside of my cock before
pulling me closer and taking my swollen sex into her hungry throat, her
nimble fingers toying with my balls.

   I had been concentrating on Susan's breasts all this time, watching as
my wife inserted first one, then two fingers in Susan's cunt and began to
ease them in and out.  I decided I wanted some of that for myself and
reached down and found the hard bud of her clitoris, slippery with oil, and
began to stroke it.

   I continued to caress one of Susan's breasts, and my wife used her free
hand to fondle the other while she straddled one of Susan's thighs and
began to rub her cunt against Susan's smooth glistening flesh.

   Susan took the cue and slid a finger in and worked it against Laura's
clit as she continued to suck greedily on my cock and balls with her wet
mouth.

   All of us were by this time covered with massage oil and at the point of
orgasm.  I came first.  Susan stroked my cock with skillful precision, and
soon I was shooting gobs of sticky white jelly through the air, spattering
it on Susan's breasts.  She immediately stuffed my jerking cock in her
mouth and started to suck, come spilling across her lips and chin.  My
wife, watching this, began to come herself, moaning and pressing herself
hard against Susan's thigh and rigid finger, abandoning Susan's breast for
her own, twisting and pinching the nipple as her orgasm spread, then
retreated.

   But our orgasms were not what we were there for, and we began to work
even harder on Susan.  With Laura finger-fucking her while I stroked her
clit, Susan blasted over the edge in no time, arching her back and ramming
her hips against our hands as wave after wave of yet another orgasm jolted
her.  She was moaning, gasping for air, thrashing from side to side as
Laura and I drove her on until she could stand it no longer and begged us
to stop.  When the excitement subsided, we lay together in a heap and
hugged and laughed.  My wife took my limp cock in her mouth and cleaned off
the last of the come; then we all took a shower together.  After we had
dried off, we dressed Susan and sent her on her way to fame and fortune and
Laura and I staggered off to bed and sleep.

   Laura and I bless the day Susan come into our lives.  Through her we
discovered pleasures we never dreamed of.  She opened our eyes to the
special joys of threesomes and in so doing energized our marriage.  As my
wife is fond of saying, Susan gave new meaning to the term "personal
assistant."
