Archive-name: Affairs/pglst1-3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Pregnant Lust


         This story is a work of fiction. All persons, places, and events
         are purely products of my imagination. Any similarity to real 
         persons or events is completely coincidental.


                                  PREGNANT LUST 1

             Teri's body had always fascinated me. She was in her early 
         20s, slender, with medium sized tits, and a well maintained
         figure. It was obvious to me she was proud of her body and took
         good care of it. She wasn't tall, about 5' 1", and had brownish 
         blonde hair, which she wore a little longer than her shoulders.
         She was invariably pleasant and always had a "Good morning, Mr 
         Franks" whenever she saw me.

              Teri worked down the hall from me as a secretary in another
         office. She and my secretary were office pals and often had lunch
         together or chatted during their coffee breaks. Whenever she would
         stop by to talk with Marcia, I'd see her in the outer office and 
         would fantasize about what her body looked like without clothes.

              In my day-dreams, she had shapely legs, a tight ass, slender
         waist, and mouth-sized tits with pert nipples just a little darker
         than the rest of her skin. The hair covering her pussy was the
         same color as the hair on her head, letting me know it was her
         natural color. Of course, she would always want me to fuck her
         right there in the office and I'd always oblige.

              I'm not sure what is was about her, but I started to become a 
         little obsessed with her. I knew she was married, but I figured I
         could always look and dream. Little did I know what was waiting
         for me.

              Since Teri was pretty career orientated, I was a little
         surprised when Marcia told me Teri was pregnant. She and her
         husband were pretty happy with the prospect and I congratulated
         her. A couple of weeks went by and she was just starting to show.
         I thought I'd lose my desire for her, but I didn't. I'd still 
         daydream about her, even as her tummy got bigger.

              She stopped by one Friday and asked how I was getting along.
         She looked a little down and I asked her what was wrong. She said
         her husband was out of town for a week and was a little lonely. I
         said I'd buy her dinner. We went to a small restaurant nearby and 
         had a bottle of wine to relax with. As I looked at her I saw she
         had changed very little, except for her tummy, and it wasn't that 
         large. She was still keeping herself in shape and taking care of
         herself. As we were finishing the meal, I felt her leg rub mine
         under the table. I pressed back and saw her smile as she sipped
         her wine. As we left, I put my arm around her to guide her out and
         she pressed her body close to mine as we walked to her car. As she
         got in, she gave me a quick kiss for cheering her up. I jokingly
         told her to be careful, I might get ideas. She laughed and said,
         "Maybe we ought to compare ideas. I was afraid I was getting so 
         unattractive, you weren't daydreaming of me anymore." I asked how 
         she knew I did that, and she said she'd explain, but not in the 
         parking lot and invited me over for a drink. I accepted and
         followed her to her apartment.

              After she fixed our drinks, I asked how she knew about the
         daydreaming and she said she'd catch me staring at her. She asked
         how she rated and I told her. We were sitting on the couch and she
         slid a little closer and asked if I like to find out how close my
         daydreams were. I asked about her husband and she said he'd be 
         gone for another week and besides, he hadn't fucked her since she 
         started to show. I was really surprised at this, since she was
         only a couple of months along and not really all that big. I
         leaned down and kissed her, she kissed back and opened her mouth
         slightly. I held her and ran my tongue around the inside of her
         mouth. I caressed her, stoking her back, arms, neck, and hair. I
         heard a slight moan escape her lips as she clutched me tighter.
         Her tummy got in the way, but not enough to matter to either of
         us.

              As we continued to kiss, I dropped my hands down and gently
         squeezed her tits. She moaned again and rubbed against me. I
         started to unbutton her blouse and she broke the kiss and gave me
         room to work. As I undid each button, she'd squirm on the couch 
         and started to rub the inside of my thighs. I was already hard and
         my cock was starting to strain against my slacks. She felt my
         hardness and started rubbing my cock through the fabric. When I
         unbuttoned the last button and slipped off her blouse, I saw her
         nipples were erect and straining against the bra cups. I ran my
         hands over them and teased them through the bra. She lay her head
         back and started to breath hard as I continued to squeeze her tits
         and ran my other hand over her body. I finally reached around her
         and undid the snaps and freed her tits from the bra. They were
         perfectly shaped and bounced a little from the sudden freedom. Her
         nipples were still erect and the dark rings around them were
         darker than I imagined. I leaned down and sucked the nipples into
         my mouth, each in turn. I pinched the other nipple as I gently bit
         the one in my mouth. I sucked hard and heard her yelp softly. She
         told me they were sensitive and to be a little gentle with them.

              I started to run my free hand over her belly while I still
         sucked and rubbed her tits. I felt her pregnant body and I wanted
         to see her naked in front of me. I reached down and undid the
         button on her slacks and unzipped the zipper. I stood up and she
         raised her ass off the couch as I pulled off her pants. Now the
         only thing she wore was a pair of pink cotton panties. I looked at
         her lying there and realized she was still very sexy. Her tummy
         was larger but not so large as to make her body appear ungainly or
         gross. I sat back down and kissed her while feeling her body all
         over. I slowly worked my way down to her panties and slipped my
         hand under the waistband. I felt the hair that covered her pussy
         and ran my middle finger between her pussy lips and over her clit.

              I heard her moan again and spread her legs to let me have
         better access. By this time, she was getting very wet and my
         finger could easily slip into her cunt, but the panties were
         slowing me down. I withdrew my hand and stood up again to take off
         her panties. When I did, I found her hair was natural. The hair
         between her legs was the same color as that on her head. I found
         it hard to believe my daydreams were coming this true.

              She said it wasn't fair that she was bare ass and I was still 
         dressed. So I started to take off my shirt while she unbuttoned my
         slacks. She reached in and pulled my cock free and started to
         gently jack me off with her hand. As she slowly stroked my cock up
         and down, I kicked off my shoes and finished undressing while
         standing there in front of her. When I was also naked, she leaned
         forward and kissed the head of my cock and licked off the drop of
         pre-cum which had formed at the tip. She then suggested we go back
         into the bedroom and as we walked back, I watched as her ass moved
         back and forth as we went down the hall.

              She lay down on the bed and spread her legs wide, giving me a
         full beaver shot of her wide open pussy. I could see she was wet
         from the sheen of fluid on her cunt lips. I watched as she put one
         finger into her pussy and got it wet and then traced a line from
         her pussy, over the swell of her tummy, and up to her tits. I
         stood there and watched as she pinched her nipples with one hand
         and reached down and started playing with her pussy with the
         other. She spread the outer lips with her index and ring fingers
         and rubbed her clit with the middle finger. As I watched, her clit
         seemed to become more erect and larger as she played with herself.
         I looked at her face and saw her eyes were closed and her tongue
         was licking her lips over and over.

              I lay down beside her and started to play with her tits
         again, feeling the nipples become erect and feeling her body move
         under my hands. After a few minutes of this, I turned around and
         placed my head between her legs and started to lick around her
         pussy. I circled it several times and just barely flicked my
         tongue over her clit. I reached up with one hand and played with
         her tits as I slowly ran my tongue up and down her slit. With my
         other hand, I inserted a finger into her pussy and slowly pumped
         it in and out. By this time, she was moaning louder. She suddenly
         shifted her position on the bed and bent her head to start licking
         my cock.

              I twisted around so she could get at my cock, but also so I
         could continue to eat and suck her pussy. She started licking the
         head of my stiff cock, running her tongue around and around until
         it was completely wet. She then started licking the shaft, from
         the base of the head to my balls, getting it just as wet. She
         gently started to lick my balls. Taking first one, then the other
         into her mouth, she carefully sucked on each. Returning to the
         head, she licked the pre-cum from the opening and then took the
         head into her mouth. She ran her tongue around it and gently
         dragged her teeth over the rim at its base. Shifting slightly to
         give her a better position, she took my cock into her mouth,
         burying it almost to my balls in her warmth. She started to suck,
         moving her head up and down while stroking the shaft with one hand
         and fondling my balls with the other. Teri was obviously an
         accomplished cock-sucker and I wondered what kind of an idiot her
         husband was to not take advantage of the fact.

              While Teri was giving me one of the best blow-jobs of my
         life, I wasn't idle. I was still eating her pussy and playing with 
         her tits. Every so often, she'd moan as I licked her clit and then 
         drive my tongue as deep as I could. Feeling her pregnant tummy
         against me was exciting me, but I wasn't sure why. I took my hand 
         from her tits and ran it over the swelling of her body. She
         reacted by pressing her pussy tighter against my mouth and moaning
         slightly. I kept licking her slit and running my finger in and out
         of her love-nest. Her pussy was flowing like a river now and I
         drank in every drop I could. Even the taste of her served to
         excite me more and more. I quit rubbing her stomach and started
         running my fingers up and down the crack of her ass. As she
         settled down after the change, I pressed one finger against the
         tight opening of her asshole and gently massaged it. She started
         humping against my finger against her asshole and my tongue and
         finger in her pussy. I very carefully inserted my finger in her
         ass and slowly worked it back and forth. Her humping became more
         frenzied and her juices flowed even more.

              At that, she took my cock from her mouth and said she wanted
         me to fuck her right now. I quit eating her and turned her around
         on the bed in preparation for entering her. I knelt between her
         legs with her lying on her back. I moved up until my cock was just
         pressing against her pussy and started to lean forward and enter
         her. As I entered her, we both realized it would be uncomfortable
         for her if I put my full weight on her tummy. So I quickly turned
         her on her side, laid down behind her, and lifted her leg slightly
         so I could enter her from behind. As I moved up behind her, my
         cock rubbed against her pussy. She reached down and took it in her
         hand and rubbed the head of my cock against her wet slit. I moved
         forward and entered her, burying my cock almost to the balls in
         her willing opening. I started humping in and out and felt her
         moving to meet me with every thrust. I again wondered what was
         wrong with her husband to not be enjoying this as often as he
         could.

              As I moved in and out of Teri's pussy, I wrapped my arms 
         around her and started playing with her tits again. I cupped one
         in each hand and felt their firmness and weight. I pinched each
         nipple and rolled them between my fingers. Teri turned her head
         and by shifting our position a little, we were able to kiss while
         we fucked. I ran my tongue around inside of her mouth and then
         licked her ear, sucking on the earlobe and the small gold loop
         earring she wore. I took one hand from her tits and ran it over
         her swelling belly, feeling every inch of it. She really seemed to
         like that, since she started to fuck faster and harder.

              She met each of my thrusts and as I would hump back, I'd feel 
         her pussy clutching my cock like it didn't want to let it go. Her 
         pussy juices were still flowing and covering my cock. As I
         continued to fuck her, I was a little worried I'd cum too quickly 
         and leave her unsatisfied. I needn't have worried; just as my own 
         climax was approaching, I felt her shudder and a low, soft, and
         lingering moan escaped her lips. She pressed back against me as
         hard as she could and her pussy muscles gripped my cock hard. I
         held myself still inside of her so she could come down from her
         climax and as she did, I started humping in and out. I made about
         five strokes and then my balls released their load of cum deep
         inside her pussy.  Again, she pressed hard against me and her
         pussy held my cock tight inside, milking every drop of cum from
         me.

              We laid their for a few minutes, enjoying that freshly fucked
         feeling. I was still holding her close and could feel her shudder
         slightly and her pussy contract every so often. At last, as my
         spent member slipped from her slit, she turned to face me and we
         kissed and held each other. We laid there for awhile and then she
         went out and fixed us another drink. I watched her as she came
         back into the bedroom towards me and as I watched her pert tits
         bounce slightly with each step she took, I started getting hard
         again. She gave me my drink and I fondled her tits as she leaned
         over. She lay back down beside me and took my cock in her hand and
         started playing with it. She said she wanted to make love again
         but wanted to rest for a few minutes first. I agreed and we talked
         for a short time before starting to kiss and fondle each other.

              This time, she wanted to take our time and really get each
         other excited and hot. So I laid her back on the bed and ran my
         hands over every inch of her body. She really seemed to get off on
         having her pregnant tummy rubbed and caressed, so I spent a great
         deal of time doing so. As I did, she would moan and toss her head
         slightly from side to side. As she got more excited, she would
         squirm her ass into the bed and hump up and down as if she had a
         cock inside her. By the time I started playing with her pussy, she
         was soaking wet and ready for me. Teasing her a little, I licked
         her juices from her slit and lightly licked her clit. She suddenly
         stiffened and moaned even louder. I spread her legs as wide as I
         could and got between them with my face just inches from her cunt.
         But rather than eating her, I started to examine every inch of her
         pussy, inside and out.

              Starting with the hair that covered her pubic mound, I ran my
         fingers over the entire area. I traced the folds in her inner and
         outer cunt lips and ran my finger around her clit. Teasing her
         even more, I rubbed the area between her slit and asshole and then
         pushed my finger inside her as far as I could. Finally, I started
         eating her pussy. I licked all around the outside and then started
         on the inside, running my tongue as far inside as it would go.

              As I ate her, she tried to shift in order to suck my cock,
         but I wouldn't let her. I told her that if she wanted "hot", she 
         was going to get it. I kept eating her, slurping her juices and
         licking her clit until she was about to cum. Instead of driving
         her over the edge, I stopped and just gently licked her whole
         pussy. Three times I brought her just to the edge and then backed
         her off. She was almost screaming now and was humping her pussy
         against my face as hard as she could.

              I got from between her legs and moved up to straddle her
         chest, with my cock inches from her mouth. She tilted her head
         down and licked the head until it was wet. I moved forward until
         she could take the whole thing in her mouth. She gobbled it up as
         fast as she could. Nodding her head back and forth to run my dick
         in and out of her mouth, she reached up with one hand and held on
         to my shaft and played with my balls with her other hand. She was
         a quick study and already knew I really enjoyed that. While she
         ate me, I reached behind me and ran my hand over her tummy and
         down between her legs. I started to finger-fuck her pussy in order
         to keep her just on the edge. She understood what I was trying to
         do and as she felt a load of cum working its way up my cock, she
         backed off and just teased my dick until my balls settled down and
         I wasn't ready to cum. For quite a while, we kept each other just 
         on the verge of cumming. Finally, neither of us could wait any
         longer and we shifted in order to start fucking.

              Remembering the last time, she automatically rolled on her
         side. Instead of laying down behind her, I took her leg and lifted
         it as high as I could and bent it back at the knee. This no only
         gave me an uninterrupted view of her pussy, but also gave me
         access. I straddled her other leg and moved up so my cock was just
         touching her pussy. I put her raised leg on my shoulder and
         hunched forward to enter her. As I did, I watched her pussy
         stretch to accept my cock and then close tightly around it. As I
         started to hump her, she moved her body and met each of my
         thrusts. My cock slid in easier and deeper than before and I felt
         as if I was touching the back side of her cunt on each down
         stroke.

              As hot as we both were, I knew it wouldn't be long before I 
         filled her pussy with my cum and she flooded my cock with hers.
         Fortunately, we were both pretty evenly matched and as I felt her
         shudder as she started to climax, my balls tightened again and I
         started to pump cum into her slit. Each time my cock would pump
         out a portion of its load, her pussy would contract with her
         orgasm. Finally, we both were drained and I pulled myself from her
         and lay down beside her. We kissed and held each other again and
         rested for awhile.

              We made love again and then drifted off into sleep with my
         spent cock still inside her. Although we didn't realize it then, 
         we had started a relationship that would last for some time to
         come.


                                   PREGNANT LUST 2

              After I left Teri's apartment the next day, I thought back on
         what she had said about her husband. She did love him and didn't 
         want to leave him, but the fact remained he was a lousy lay. A
         good provider and considerate, but just no good in bed. And since
         she had gotten pregnant, he was afraid of harming her and hadn't 
         laid a hand on her since. She understood, but understanding didn't 
         ease the itch between her legs. We also talked about our
         relationship and decided to play it as it came. I had no desire
         for a long term relationship and she wasn't about to leave her 
         husband, so it seemed we were playing equal hands.

              On Monday, when I saw her at work, I had to smile. I didn't 
         have to wonder what she looked like under her clothes, I knew. But
         that didn't stop me daydreaming about her. For her part, she 
         seemed happier than before and we shared a secret smile
         remembering how we had fucked the night away just a day or two
         earlier.

              I'll admit I spent a good deal of the week thinking about her
         and the way she sucked my cock. I remember the way she would moan
         as I ran my hands over her body and played with her tits and
         pussy. And how she responded to being eaten and fucked. And the
         way her pussy had held onto my cock after I came deep inside her.

              On Wednesday, we got to talk alone and made a date for Friday
         night, since he husband was due back in town on Sunday. She didn't 
         want to take any chances of hurting him, so she wanted to keep
         Saturday night free.

              We met at the same restaurant and had dinner and then left
         for my place this time. I live a little out of town and the place
         is pretty secluded; surrounded by thick trees and a good distance
         from my nearest neighbor. As soon as we got inside, I stepped up
         behind her and put my arms around her and stroked her belly. I
         felt how taut she was and let my hands linger for awhile. I then
         moved up to her tits and felt them through the blouse she was
         wearing. I marvelled at their firmness and the way her nipples
         would poke through her bra and blouse. She pressed against me and
         rubbed her ass against my crotch. I felt my prick starting to get
         hard and started nibbling on her ears and neck while I continued
         to fondle her tits.

              After a couple of minutes, she turned around and reached up
         on her tip-toes to kiss me. As she did, her tummy rubbed against
         my crotch and I felt my cock try to leap out of the confines of my
         slacks. I still hadn't figured out was it was about this pregnant 
         woman that turned me on so much, but she did. We kissed for a few
         moments and then I took her into the den and fixed us a drink. She
         said she was going to savor her drink as it would probably be one
         of the few she was going to have until the baby was born. As we
         sipped our drinks we made small talk about work and things in
         general. We both realized this might be one of the few chances we
         would have since her husband was coming back. Delaying only
         increased our awareness of each other. I couldn't keep my eyes off
         of her, her body was still shapely in spite of her pregnancy and I
         thought she was incredibly sexy.

              As we finished our drinks we got closer together and started
         kissing again while we let our hands rove over each other. She
         started to unbutton my shirt and I moved away to help her, but she
         stopped me saying, "No, let me do it. You undressed me last time 
         and it's my turn." So I quit and let her undress me. She finished 
         unbuttoning my shirt and pulled it from my slacks and threw it on
         the chair. My t-shirt was next to join the shirt. She ran her
         fingers through the hair on my chest, stroking her fingernails up
         and down my skin. She leaned forward and sucked on each of my
         nipples and started to run her tongue over my front. I hadn't had 
         a woman do that and the feeling was super. It was like her tongue
         and fingers were setting off little firecrackers inside me. My
         cock was starting to get hard again and I shifted in my seat to
         get more comfortable.

              As I did, she grabbed my belt and undid the buckle, pulling
         me up a little as she did. I realized she wanted me to stand up,
         so I did, facing her. She undid the button and pulled down the
         zipper of my slacks. She pulled down the slacks and let them
         gather around my ankles, leaving them there. Next, she rubbed my
         cock through my shorts, feeling it strain to be free from the
         material, but not letting it just yet. She kept stroking it and
         pulled my shorts tight over the head. A tiny drop of pre-cum
         soaked through and she leaned forward to suck it off. Finally, she
         lowered my shorts and watched as my cock sprang free, waving just
         a few inches in front of her face. With both my shorts and slacks
         around my ankles, I couldn't move without falling and she realized
         it and looked up, smiled at me, and licked her lips. Not touching
         my cock, she took my balls in her hands and gently fondled them;
         rolling them in her hand, stroking their sack, and running her
         fingernail across the skin. She was driving me wild. My cock was
         jerking up and down and wanting her to pay it some attention.

              She said, "You made Friday night memorable, and I'm going to
         make tonight even more so." With that, she leaned forward and 
         licked off the fluid that was seeping out of my cock and gave it a
         couple of soft strokes up and down. She leaned back and looked at
         me and told me I could finish undressing when she was done with
         me. Then she unbuttoned her own blouse and pants and opened them
         up. She took off her blouse and started playing with her tits,
         squeezing them inside her bra and pinching the nipples through the
         fabric. She said, "One good thing about being pregnant is that my 
         titties are starting to get larger. I've always thought they were 
         a little small, what do you think?" As she finished her statement,
         she cupped her boobs and lifted them up for my inspection, still
         inside the bra cups. "Oh," she said, "I guess you can't judge them
         properly inside my bra, so let me take it off." And she did, again
         cupping them and lifting them for my inspection. I bent forward to
         play with them, but she stopped me and said, "No, you can't touch 
         just yet." I didn't know where her game was going to end, but it 
         was driving me crazy with desire. By now, my prick was standing
         straight up and I could feel it throbbing as she continued to play
         with her tits; now fondling them and pinching the nipples without
         the interference of her bra. Her nipples were hard and erect,
         sticking out like little buttons on her tits. I wanted to suck
         them, but she wouldn't let me.                                 

              "It makes me hot to see you want me," she said, "and I want
         to make you hotter than you've ever been." "You're well on your
         way," I said, "but can't I sit down, this isn't really
         comfortable." She said, "Not yet, but soon." Then she lifted her
         ass off the sofa and pulled down her pants over her swelling belly
         and down to her ankles. As she removed her pants, she lifted one
         leg and then the other, giving me a quick glimpse of the darkish
         patch between her legs and under her panties. She threw her pants
         on the floor and spread her legs slightly. I could just barely see
         the darker triangle between her legs that was her pubic mound and
         a couple of stray hairs which peeked out the legs of her panties.
         She started rubbing her hands over her belly, tracing the swelling
         outline of her pregnancy.

              I could tell the skin was sensitive because every so often
         she would shiver as she ran her hands over her body. As her hands
         worked lower, I wanted to start jerking off, but realized she
         didn't want we to do that, so I just stood there and watched as 
         she played with herself. Finally, her hands reached her panties
         and she rubbed one finger up and down her slit pressing the cotton
         fabric inside her pussy and massaging her clit. Then she put her
         other hand inside the panties and started to masturbate in
         earnest. Finally, she pulled the crotch of her panties aside and
         was playing with herself with both hands. One rubbing her clit and
         the other with a finger inside her pussy, stroking in and out. My
         cock wanted to be where her finger was and I found myself humping
         the air between us. She looked at me and smiled. "I bet I know 
         what you want," she said. I smiled back and said, "I'll bet you do
         too." "Soon," she said. And with that, she removed her hands and 
         helped me shuffle back a few paces.

              She quickly removed her panties and sat back down on the
         sofa, bringing her feet up to rest against her ass and spreading
         her legs as wide as she could. Then she started playing with her
         pussy and tits again. She rubbed her fingers up and down the slit
         of her pussy, pinched her nipples until they looked sore, and ran
         her hands over her tummy. She occasionally moaned and started
         turning her head from side to side while she pressed her ass into
         the seat of the sofa. Her hands seemed to be everywhere at once.
         On her belly, her boobs, and in her cunt. Once, she had one, then
         two, and finally three fingers inside her pussy, fucking herself
         with them. As she got closer to cumming, she quit rubbing herself
         and settled down to pinching her nipples and finger fucking her
         cunt. She would run two fingers of one hand in and out of her
         pussy and rub her clit with the thumb. Her other hand was busy
         with her tits, rubbing, pinching, and squeezing them without
         pause.

              A long, low moan escaped her lips as she came. Her thumb was
         strumming her clit like a banjo picker and she had one nipple
         pinched between her fingers and was pulling out away from her so
         hard that the flesh of her tit was distended. As she came, she
         pressed her ass deeper into the sofa and rammed her fingers into
         her slit as hard as she could. She let go of her nipple and was
         rubbing her clit between both her thumb and finger of one hand,
         while the other hand finger fucked her into another climax. All
         total, she came three times and then lay there, gently rubbing her
         pussy and licking the cum from her fingers every so often.

              "Now it's your turn," she said. She drew me closer to her and
         I thought she was going to suck my cock, but instead, she took it
         in her hand and started to jack me off. Her performance had me
         close to cumming already, and I told her so.  She replied, "I 
         know, but I want see you cum over my titties and belly." As she 
         said it, I felt the cum welling up in my balls and starting it's 
         trip to the head of my cock. As she stroked, the head grew larger
         and thicker, and she scooted herself up on the sofa, getting
         closer to me.

              Just as I came, she held one tit up to my cock and my cum
         spurted out over it. It covered the nipple and as she continued to
         milk my cock, it dripped down onto the swell of her belly. She
         continued to stoke me until I was dry, then leaned down and licked
         off the cum and cleaned my dick with her mouth. She rubbed the cum
         on her tit into her skin and did the same with the cum on her
         belly. I started to collapse to the floor, but she helped me onto
         the sofa next to her and then bent her head down and licked her
         own nipples to taste the cum from them. When she had finished, she
         said, "And that's just for starters, we still have the whole night
         ahead of us."

              We sat there for awhile, kissing and sipping our drinks.
         After resting a bit, I finished undressing. We were both fully
         nude now and we started running our hands over each other's body. 
         I admired the way Teri kept herself in shape. She was obviously
         spending a lot of time at the health club she belonged to. I asked
         her about it, and she told me she was attending aerobics classes
         for pregnant women. I told her the program was working well and
         she was still sexy. As we talked, we both started getting excited
         again. I ran my hands over her belly and felt her shudder
         slightly. As I moved up to her tits, she lay back and closed her
         eyes. I pinched and pulled on her nipples, gently rolling each one
         between my fingers and watching it stiffen and become erect. I
         started kissing her all over. Beginning with her face and working
         my way downward towards her toes. As I did, I purposely skipped
         her tits and pussy, not even playing with them as I passed. I paid
         a lot of attention to her swelling belly, covering it with kisses
         and licking it until it had a sheen. I then moved off the sofa and
         knelt at her feet and kissed, then sucked, each of her toes. She
         still had her eyes closed, but she sucked in her breath as I paid
         homage to her feet.

              I let my tongue trail upwards over her legs and ran my
         fingernails across her skin as I did. I started to lick the inside
         of her thighs and she spread her legs to let me. I looked up and
         was staring at her pussy, just inches from my face. I blew against
         it and watched as the lips reacted to the warm air by separating
         slightly. I had finally worked my way up to her pussy when I
         stopped and stood over her. I bent over and sucked her nipples,
         rolling them in my lips and gently biting them. I wondered when
         her breasts would start producing milk and hoped I get the chance
         to suck them as her baby would. By this time, she was again
         starting to grind her ass against the sofa and humping her crotch
         as if there was a cock inside it. I knelt down again, between her
         legs this time, and started to suck her cunt.

              I wanted to tease her a little and get her as hot as I could,
         so I started by licking the area between her legs and around her
         lovenest, but not her pussy. I licked the triangle of her bush
         until the hair was damp and only then did I start to lick her
         pussy. I opened my mouth wide and covered her mound as best I
         could and sucked it into my mouth. At the same time, I started to
         run my tongue up and down her slit, separating the lips and
         getting her juices flowing. I released her from the lip lock and
         sucked her clit into my mouth, softly biting it and riding her
         mound as she squirmed in her seat. I licked her slit, running my
         tongue from the top to the bottom and making sure I paid special
         attention to her clit. As I continued to lick and suck her pussy,
         her juices started flowing more and more. I sucked up every drop I
         could, savoring the taste of her pussy in full flow. Eventually,
         she was flowing so much that I couldn't drink it all in and my 
         mouth and chin were covered with her fluids.

              By raising my head up and licking her clit, I could just see
         her tits and face. Her eyes were shut tight and she was licking
         her lips and shaking her head slowly from side to side. Her chest
         was rising and falling with deep breaths and her nipples were
         erect and swollen more than I had ever seen them. They were as big
         around as my little finger and I reached up and pinched one as I
         ate her. There was a sharp intake of breath and she said, "That's 
         right, pinch my nipples...hard. Squeeze my titties, I love having
         them squeezed." With my other hand, I felt her swelling belly; 
         feeling it move under the touch of my hand and tongue as I
         continued to suck her pussy.

              I dropped my head down and licked the area between her pussy
         and her asshole, licking up some of her juices which had flowed
         there. As I worked my way back up her slit, I sucked her cunt lips
         into my mouth and gently chewed on them. She was breathing quicker
         now, and I could tell she was on the verge of cumming. I shifted
         my position slightly so I could ride her pussy with my mouth as
         she experienced her climax. I centered myself between her legs and
         played with her tits with both hands. I licked and sucked her clit
         as quickly as my tongue would move and brought her up to the point
         of climax.

              As she came, she was humping her crotch up against my mouth
         and bucking against the sofa. I had a hard time keeping my tongue
         on her clit while she came. She let out a loud moan and then a
         deep sighing sound as her orgasm shook her body. I kept licking
         her clit, although softer now, and she tensed her body up for a
         second cum. Again, shivers ran through her body as she came, but
         not as hard as the first time. She had the cushions of the sofa
         clenched in her hands and was still humping her pussy against my
         tongue on her slit. Finally, she came a third time and laid still
         while I bathed her cunt with my tongue. I licked her cum from her
         pussy and cleaned her with my mouth. Every so often, she would
         shudder and give a little sigh of satisfaction. I have to admit,
         my ego was riding high at the pleasure I was able to give her.

              At last, she stopped shuddering and lay back contented on the
         sofa. She smiled at me and said, "That was great. I have never 
         come that hard from being eaten before." At that, my ego took off 
         even higher. It pleased and excited me that I could make her that
         happy and contented. I got up and sat down beside her and kissed
         her mouth so she could taste her own cum. I also put my hand
         between her legs and rubbed her mound, spreading her juices over
         her bush and thighs. I inserted one finger into her pussy and then
         took it out and brought it to her mouth. She opened her mouth and
         I put it inside so she could suck off the juices. She did and then
         licked her lips. She looked down at my cock and saw it standing at
         attention. She reached down and took it in her hand and started
         stroking it. She said, "I hope I can please you the same way you 
         pleased me." I told her I was sure she could and moved so she had 
         better access to my cock.

              She got down off the sofa and knelt between my legs after
         spreading them further apart. She lowered her head and licked my
         balls and worked her way up the shaft of my dick. She swirled her
         tongue around the head of my cock and then took it in her mouth.
         While she sucked, she ran her tongue up and down the lower part of
         the shaft and tickled the ridge at the base of the head. As she
         sucked, she made little slurping noises while my cock slid in and
         out of her mouth. With each stroke of her lips, a little more of
         my prick disappeared into her warm and willing mouth. Until at
         last, she was taking the entire thing in up to my balls.

              With one hand, she held my cock steady for her mouth and with
         the other, fondled and caressed my balls in their sack. She would
         first play with one; feeling it, and rolling it between her
         fingers and thumb. Then she'd repeat the process with the other. I
         leaned back and enjoyed the feeling of my cock in her mouth. I
         looked down and saw her pretty head bobbing up and down as she
         sucked me off. I reached out and stroked her hair as her head
         moved back and forth. I sat up straighter and reached around her
         arms and started playing with her tits. I was fondling them as she
         started to move her upper body back and forth while she sucked. I
         played with her nipples and cupped each breast in my hands,
         feeling their weight and firmness. I looked at her body and when I
         saw her swelling tummy, my prick seemed to grow inside her mouth.

              She must have felt it as well, because she quit deep
         throating me and started paying more attention to the head. As she
         sucked harder and faster, I felt my own climax approaching fast.
         Since I've known women who don't like men cumming in their mouth,
         I let her know. She just nodded her head and continued sucking. I
         felt my balls tighten up and knew I was about to cum. I stopped
         playing with her tits and leaned back as I came in her mouth. My
         cock jerked as I shot my wad down her throat. She continued to
         suck and started to swallow as much of my hot jism as she could,
         but wasn't able to drink it all. I watched as a thin stream of cum 
         oozed from the side of her lips and trickled down her chin.
         Finally, I stopped pumping cum into her mouth and she sucked my
         shaft back into her mouth in order to clean it off. As she raised
         her head and looked up at me, her tongue darted out of her mouth
         and snared the cum that had escaped her earlier. She finished by
         licking my shaft and balls one last time to make sure she got all
         she could of my cum.

              "Teri," I said, "that was the best head I ever been given and  
         I want to make a small confession." She looked a little worried, 
         but I told her why I thought I had cum so fast. "When I look at 
         your body naked and see the swelling of your tummy, I get very
         excited. Frankly, I'm not sure why, but your pregnancy adds to my 
         excitement."

              "I'm glad," she said, "I like pleasing you and if being 
         pregnant adds to your excitement, that's even better. I also want 
         to let you know that it builds my self-image. Even though I'm not 
         that far along, until last week, I was concerned about losing my
         attractiveness."

              "You don't have to worry about that with me, at least. But I 
         will admit, I don't feel that way about all pregnant women, just 
         you." And with that, I lifted her back up onto the sofa and kissed 
         her hard.

              Since I had already cum twice, I knew I'd have to rest for a 
         little while before I'd be able to get it up again. As we sat 
         there talking and sipping our drinks, Teri became restless and got
         up to wander about the room. As she did, I watched her as she
         moved around. Her legs were still super; firm and lithe, with none
         of the flab I usually associated with pregnant women. Her ass was
         shapely and retained its sexy sway when she walked. Her tummy was
         well rounded and taut and I wondered if she would lose that
         firmness as she got bigger. The swelling wasn't much yet, but it 
         was evenly distributed and she carried it well. Her tits seemed to
         have gotten bigger after she got pregnant. The nipples were more
         erect than before and the rings around them slightly darker. Of
         course, her face was still beautiful. As I watched her, I felt
         myself getting hard again and reached down and started stroking my
         cock slowly. She turned around and saw me and said, "If anyone 
         gets to do that, it's going to be me."

              She came up to me and straddled my legs, giving me a quick,
         but full shot of her pussy. She sat down and took my cock in her
         hands and started playing with it. I reached up and fondled her
         tits and ran my hands over her swelling tummy and between her
         legs. As I did, I felt her wetness and knew she was ready for
         another round. The last time we had fucked, I took her from behind
         so I wouldn't rest my weight on top of her. This time, I was 
         determined to fuck her in such a way as to be able to see her body
         underneath me. So I swung her off my lap and laid her back on the
         sofa with her legs hanging off the front.

              I arranged her so her ass was right at the edge of the couch
         and spread her legs wide. I knelt down between her legs and licked
         and sucked her pussy to really get her juices flowing. When her
         cunt was wet and ready for me, I knelt up straight and got as
         close to her as I could. My cock was right at her pussy and just
         on the exact level to enter her. I took my cock in my hand and
         rubbed the head against her pussy, getting ready to drive it deep
         inside her. With each motion, I leaned forward a little more,
         until I had the head inside her. Then I thrust forward, burying
         half my cock in her pussy in one stroke. She threw back her head
         and moaned loudly. Her ass was humping up and down, meeting my
         strokes one for one. With each thrust, I entered her a little
         more, until I couldn't go in any farther. I started fucking her in 
         earnest; humping my ass back and forth while kneeling between her
         legs. I had a good view of her pussy as it accepted my strokes and
         the rest of her body as well.

              I watched as my shaft rubbed against her clit and took
         pleasure in her reaction. She sat up a little and reached down to
         fondle my balls as I fucked her. She took both of them in her hand
         and rolled them around. Squeezing one, then the other. With her
         other hand, she played with her tits. Pinching them and rolling
         the nipples around between her fingers. As she payed attention to
         one, I played with the other. Following her lead as she got more
         and more excited. With my other hand, I felt her tummy rise and
         fall with her breathing.

              My cock was quickly covered with her juices and I put my
         finger inside her cunt and then in my mouth, sucking it and
         savoring the taste of her excitement. As I continued to fuck her,
         I saw she was building up to her climax, so I changed my motion. I
         slowed down my thrusts and drove them as deep inside her as I
         could. I had found she really liked me to go slow as she started
         to cum, and I was more than willing to oblige. As I started
         fondling her body again, I felt a slight tremor start to build and
         I knew she was about to cum. Her eyes were shut tightly and she
         was moving her head from side to side. As she came, her pussy
         muscles grabbed hold of my cock and held it deep inside her. Her
         contractions made me unable to hold off cumming and I shot another
         load of hot cum inside her. She threw her legs around me and
         crossed them behind my ass, holding me inside her while she
         continued to climax. Finally, she came down from her cum and went
         limp on the sofa. My cock lost its hardness and slid from her
         pussy with a slight sucking sound. I leaned forward and kissed
         her, then her tits and belly, and finally her pussy. I licked her
         and my cum from it and kissed her mouth again, letting her taste
         it.

              We spent the rest of the night making love and cat-napping.
         Just before I took her home the next morning, we made love again
         and promised to get together as soon and as often as we could.


                                   PREGNANT LUST 3

              After Teri's husband came home from his business trip, we 
         didn't get to spend much time together. Of course, we saw each 
         other at work, but the opportunity to be alone didn't present 
         itself. Teri was getting bigger, but I still found her very sexy.
         She was still going to her exercise classes and taking care of
         herself. She never developed the puffiness about her that most
         pregnant women seemed to and I was glad to see that.

              When she was about seven months along, our office was notified
         that the company auditors would be in for their annual check of
         our travel and expense accounts. This was always a nervous time
         for everyone, since the auditors were known to be nit-picky about
         expense accounts. So, for several weeks, we spent many hours after
         work each day reviewing our section's records. Every penny had to 
         be accounted for and every voucher had to be correctly filled out
         and filed. It was a hectic time for us and we often asked our
         secretaries to help out. Unfortunately, my secretary, Marcia, came
         down with the flu and was out for a couple of weeks. I really had
         my hands full, and was bitching to some of the other supervisors
         about not being able to get some temporary help in. Mark Peterson,
         Teri's boss, offered to ask Teri if she would mind helping me out. 
         Needless to say, I accepted the offer quickly and hoped Teri would
         agree.

              Mark came by my office the next day and told me Teri agreed
         to working late the next couple of nights. Later, Teri came in to
         find out what all needed to be done. I let her know what I was
         doing and told her I'd see her at 5 o'clock. As we talked, she
         smiled at me and winked. I smiled and winked back, thinking of the
         couple of times we had gotten together and remembering her naked
         body next to mine as we fucked and sucked the nights away. My dick
         got hard just thinking about it and I was certainly looking
         forward to that evening.

              When 5 o'clock arrived, Teri showed up and we started going 
         over each salesman's expense record. Teri was very competent and 
         it went faster than I had expected. We had been working for about
         two hours when I suggested we take a break and get something to
         eat. All the others had already left the office and we were alone.
         Teri asked me, "What did you have in mind to eat?"

              "I had thought about having 'Teri on desk' for starters," I
         said, only half kidding. During my daydreams, I often thought
         about having just that.

              "What are you waiting for, then?" she asked. And then she
         came up to me, kissed me, and started rubbing my cock through my
         slacks. I kissed her back and ran my hands over her back and ass.
         As we continued to kiss, I forced my tongue into her mouth and
         moved my hands to her tits. They were definitely larger now and I
         could feel they had gotten heavier as her pregnancy progressed.

              She moaned slightly as I fondled her tits and rubbed her
         tummy against me as we stood there. I reached down and ran my
         hands over her belly and felt her shiver slightly. I unbuttoned
         her blouse and opened it wide so I could get at her boobs. Instead
         of unhooking her bra, I pulled the cups up over her tits and
         exposed them to the fresh air. The nipples had gotten darker and
         became erect as soon as I started to pinch them. I broke our kiss
         and bent down to suck her nipples. I sucked one and played with
         the other, pinching the nipple and palming and squeezing the tit
         until it was erect as it could get. I alternated back and forth
         between her boobs as she got hotter. With my other hand, I felt
         her belly and ass, running my hand over them and feeling the
         tautness of her skin under her clothes.

              As I did, she reached down and undid my belt and unzipped my
         pants. She reached in and released my cock from its confines and
         started to stroke it as she had before. She ran her fist up and
         down its length and ran her thumb over the head. As I got more
         excited, pre-cum formed at the tip and she smeared it over the
         entire head and used it to lubricate her hand.

              I broke away from her and cleared the center of my desk off.
         I took her hand and led her to the desk and undid her pants. I
         slide her pants and her panties down her legs to rest around her
         ankles. Then I picked her up and sat her down in the middle of my
         desk with her legs dangling over the side. I drew up my chair and
         sat down. Now I was staring directly at her pregnant belly and
         started licking it all over, while playing with her tits again.
         She leaned back a little and spread her legs slightly. I could
         just see her pussy nestled between her legs and covered with her
         pubic hair. I spread her legs wider at the knees and buried my
         head in her crotch. I starting licking her cunt and teasing her
         clit with my tongue. I realized we didn't want to take a great 
         deal of time, so I wasn't going to waste any.

              She leaned back farther and rested on her elbows. This gave
         me unrestricted access to her pussy and I started eating her in
         earnest. I separated her cunt lips and ran my tongue back and
         forth over her clit. Her juices were flowing now and I lapped up
         every drop I could. I kept eating her and running my hands over
         her tummy and tits. She was squirming on top of the desk now and I
         could tell she wasn't far from cumming.

              I kept eating her pussy, swapping back and forth between her
         clit and driving my tongue as deep inside her as I could. I felt
         her tense up and start to quake as she came. She moaned a little
         louder now, but not as loud as she had when we were at my place or
         her apartment. I figured she didn't want anyone to come along and
         investigate the noises in the office. A smart thing to do, as it
         wouldn't help either of our careers if we were caught.

              As her orgasm hit her, she humped her pussy against me,
         smearing her juices over my mouth and chin. I rode her clit with
         my tongue, following it as she humped her ass on the desk.
         Finally, she started to settle down and I licked her entire pussy
         so I could suck up every drop of her cum and enjoy its taste.

              All this time, my cock was sticking straight out of my
         slacks, begging for some attention. I stood up and dropped my
         pants. Then I moved closer to Teri and put the head of my dick
         against her pussy. I rubbed the head against her cunt lips to
         cover it with the lubrication she had produced. Finally, I thrust
         forward and entered her. I stepped closer and started fucking her
         pussy with deep and slow thrusts.

              Teri laid back on my desk and spread her legs as wide as she
         could so I could penetrate her fully. From my vantage point, I
         watched as my prick entered her pussy and then withdrew with each
         stroke. I widened my stance and gripped her hips as I pumped in
         and out of her. With each stroke, I could see her pussy expand to
         take my cock inside and watched as her outer lips slowly released
         their hold on me. I was going as deep inside her as I could, and
         watched as my cock buried itself up to my balls in her pussy.

              I released her hips and held her swollen belly. As I kept
         thrusting in and out of her pussy, I ran my hands over her
         pregnant body. As I did, she started to hump her ass forward to
         meet my thrusts and reached down between her legs to hold my cock
         between her fingers. With each thrust, her tits would roll back
         and forth and her belly would quiver. I moved my hands to her legs
         and held her thighs, squeezing and kneading her flesh as we
         fucked.

              I felt my balls tighten up and my cock seemed to grow inside
         her as I pumped my cum into her pussy. I thought my cock would
         spurt its hot load for hours, but finally, I stopped and my cock
         lost its hardness. I continued to watch as it went limp and
         slipped out of her pussy with a slight sucking noise. As I stepped
         back, she slid down off the desk and knelt between my legs. She
         took my cock into her mouth and sucked it clean of our cum. Her
         tits were still exposed and I bent down and fondled them. As I
         did, we heard the elevator stop and the rattle of mops and pails.
         It was the cleaning crew, so we quickly dressed and sat back down
         as if we were still working.

              The cleaning lady knocked on the door and came in when I
         answered her. She asked if we wanted her to clean up now or wait
         until we were finished. I told her, we had just finished up for
         the evening and were preparing to leave. Teri smiled at my comment
         and licked her lips. We really had just finished for the evening,
         but both of us hoped there would be more overtime in the future.

              The next day, Teri called me and told me she couldn't work 
         overtime, since her husband's car was in the shop and she had 
         driven him to work. I was disappointed and let her know I could
         drive her home the next day if she still needed a ride. She said
         that would be fine and she would let her husband drive her in.

              All that day and the next, I waited for work to be over.
         Finally, quitting time came and Teri came down to my office and we
         started going through the accounts again. We worked hard, getting
         as much out of the way while others were still in the office, but
         after the last person had left, we finished up the account we were
         working on and put everything aside. Teri came over and sat on my
         lap. I kissed her and ran my hand over her body as she sat there.

              I felt the outline of her belly through the blouse she wore
         and softly traced the curves. I unbuttoned her blouse and fondled
         her tits through her bra. I could see her dark nipples and pinched
         each until it was hard and erect. I leaned my head down and gently
         bit each one. Then I removed her blouse and bra and felt her tits
         and belly and we continued to kiss. She stood up and undid my tie
         and shirt, stripping each off of me. Then, as I took off my
         slacks, she undid her pants and let them slide to the floor. We
         both finished undressing in a hurry and stood before each other
         naked.

              As I looked at her, my cock got hard and I reached down and
         started to stroke it. She saw what I was doing and started to
         pinch her nipples and finger her clit. She had to reach around her
         belly to do it and bent down a little in the process. When she
         did, her tits swayed out just a little and I reached out with my
         other hand and played with them. Then we traded and she took my
         cock in her hand and resumed stroking it while I fingered her
         pussy and kept playing with her tits.

              She stroked my cock with long, even strokes. Not holding it
         too tight and letting her hand rub over the sensitive head. I
         fingered her pussy, running my finger as deep inside her as I
         could and rubbing my thumb over her clit. She reached down with
         her other hand and started playing with my balls and I pinched her
         nipples and ran my hand over her swollen tummy. As we did, we kept
         an eye on the clock, alert for the cleaning crew so we wouldn't be 
         interrupted.

              Finally, Teri was as wet as she could get and I was as hard.
         I turned her around and bent her over the desk with her head on
         her folded arms. Her ass was smooth and inviting as I reached
         between her legs and played with her pussy again. I stepped up
         until my dick was at the entrance to her cunt and spread her pussy
         open to accept it. As the head entered her, she thrust back and
         buried my cock deep on the first thrust. I held still for a
         moment, savoring the feeling of being inside her and feeling the
         walls of her cunt hold my cock in their grasp. Then I started
         pumping in and out of her, slowly at first and building up to a
         steady motion.

              With each thrust, she humped backwards at me, taking my dick
         as deep inside her as she could. I reached around and took her
         tits in my hands and massaged her flesh as I fucked her. Her tits
         were swollen in preparation for the baby to feed from them and the
         skin was as firm as anything I had ever felt. I pinched her
         nipples, wondering again if I would be able to suck them one day
         and sample the milk they were storing. I kept fondling them and
         pinching the nipples until I was sure they had to be hurting her,
         but she said they weren't and told me to keep squeezing them.

              Teri reached between her legs and ran her finger over her
         clit and my cock as I moved in and out of her. She was breathing
         hard now and I figured she was playing with herself to speed up
         her climax. As for myself, as I pumped in and out of her, I felt
         the walls of her pussy cling to my cock and the muscles squeeze it
         each time I drove deep inside her.

              I took my hands from her tits and grabbed her at the waist.
         As I continued to fuck her, I ran my hands over her belly and felt
         her pussy contract even more at the sensation. I moved my hands
         back farther and held on to her hips and then her ass. I watched
         as my cock disappeared between her legs and my belly pound against
         the white cheeks of her ass. I ran my finger down her crack and
         pressed it against her asshole. I pulled back out of her as far as
         I could without my cock falling out and reached around her and
         slid a finger inside her pussy, getting it wet with her juices.
         Then I put it in my mouth and got it as wet as I could. With it
         lubricated like that, I eased it against her asshole and slowly
         worked it in and out. With each thrust into her pussy, my finger
         entered a little more into her backside. She kept thrusting back
         against both my cock and my finger.

              When my finger was all the way in, she started to moan softly
         and I felt her shudder with her climax. As she came, her entire
         body shook and I could see her belly and tits move as she did. The
         sight excited me to the point where I couldn't hold off my climax 
         any longer and I shoved my cock as deep inside her as I could as
         it started to pump cum into her. As we both came, she reached back
         and held my ass with both hands, holding me deep inside her and
         squeezing my ass cheeks with her fingers. When we had both
         finished cumming, she moved forward and my cock slipped from her
         pussy and between her legs. Again, she knelt down and sucked it
         clean. When she was finished, I knelt between her legs and licked
         her pussy clean, enjoying the taste of both of our cum.

              We both stood up and kissed while we held each other. I felt
         her belly against me and started to get excited again. But we both
         realized we wouldn't have the time before the cleaning crew got to 
         our floor. We both dressed and straightened up the office and got
         ready to leave. As we were walking down the hall, the cleaning
         crew arrived and commented on how late we had been working. Teri
         smiled at them and said, "Yes, it does tend to wear me out, but 
         the work has to get done."

              As we rode down in the elevator, she backed against me and
         rubbed her ass against my crotch and joked about how much she
         loved her job. I was still feeling horny and reached around her
         and fondled her tits. She leaned back in my arms and continued to
         rub her ass against me. As the elevator slowed, we parted and she
         gave me a quick kiss. We got out to my car, and after we had left
         the parking lot, she slid over next to me and pressed her hand
         against my dick through my slacks.

              "It was nice," she said, "but I'm still horny."

              With that, she reached down and undid her pants and slid them
         down over her ass. By twisting my arm a little, I could just reach
         her pussy underneath her swollen tummy. I ran my finger over her
         clit and played with her pussy until I felt her juices start to
         flow. As I did, she reached over and unzipped my pants and
         released my cock and balls. She fondled my balls with one hand and
         stroked my cock with the other.

              As we drove down the road, she jerked me off and I finger
         fucked her. Fortunately, my car is actually a four-wheel drive
         vehicle and sits high on oversized tires. None of the cars we
         passed could look inside and see what we were doing. As her hand
         continued to stroke my cock, I could catch glimpses of it moving
         up and down, stretching the skin back and the head swelling. I
         wasn't far from cumming and she realized it would make a hell of a
         mess. She leaned her head down and sucked me as I came. Her tongue
         rolled the head around in her mouth and as fast as I pumped my cum
         into it, she swallowed it.

              When she started to suck me off, I had to stop playing with
         her pussy, but when she sat back up, I started again. She dropped
         her pants to her knees and spread her legs as far apart as she
         could. I ran my finger in and out of her pussy and rubbed her clit
         with each stroke. Finally, she leaned back in the seat and moaned
         as she came. She flooded my finger with her cum and I could feel
         her juices flow over my hand and onto the seat. I kept strumming
         her clit until her climax passed and then returned my attention to
         my driving.

              She reached over and put my cock and balls back in my pants
         and zipped them up as best she could. She then pulled her panties
         and slacks back up and straightened herself out. By now, we were
         only a couple of blocks from her apartment. She kissed me and then
         slid back over to her side of the seat, careful to avoid the wet
         spot.

              We pulled into her apartment and I walked her up to her door.
         Her husband met us as she unlocked the door and thanked me for
         taking the trouble to walk Teri up. I honestly told him it was no
         trouble at all and the least I could do for all the help she had
         given me.

              Her husband, Will, invited me in for a drink and I accepted.
         We all talked for awhile and he told me he was grateful Teri was
         able to get some overtime in. With the baby on the way, the extra
         money would come in handy. I said that since my own secretary was
         out, I appreciated all the extra time Teri was taking to help me.
         As I did, I caught Teri's smile and her wink behind her husband's
         back. She said it wasn't any trouble, and she also appreciated the 
         overtime.

                                CONTINUED IN PG-LUST4

--
