     If it weren't against the rules she would have worn ear plugs
all night long. As it was she could only get away with that when
Jerry wasn't around. Jennie worried about her hearing sometimes, as
the pounding music poured out of the speakers all around the disco.
     Still, it was a great job, with good tips, and she needed it
if she was going back to college in the fall.
     She'd only been here a couple of weeks, but was already adept
at picking her way through the crowded dance floor and even more
crowded tables in the near darkness, with the lights flashing and
the mist swirling around her knees.
     Like all the girls she wore a high heels, a tight black mini
skirt, black stockings, a white blouse with a red bow tie, and a
black hip length jacket. Her hair, which she would have liked to
tie up tightly, was hanging loose around her head and flowing over
the shoulders of her black jacket in a golden wave of silk.
     Well, that was just as well, the better she looked the more
tips she made, and if the swirling hair made her job more
difficult, the money was worth it. She smiled constantly,
displaying her perfect white teeth and full, sensuous lips, wanting
the customers to like her.
     Her long legs, perfectly sculpted and tapered, were also big
helps in her quest for high tips, and though she suffered the
occasional grope, she knew the mini-skirt was well worth it. It was
a sexist world, she sighed, and if her long legs, her shapely
behind and her pretty face got her more money, well, who was she to
complain.
     She smiled at a half drunken guy in a blue suit as she passed.
His eyes gleamed as he looked at her, and she knew he was staring
at her ass and thighs as she moved on. He said something which she
didn't make out. One thing the loud music was good for was droning
out dirty comments from perverts.
     She went to the bar and got a half a dozen drinks for table
seven, groaning as another old fogey song came over the sound
system. The disco catered to the thirtysomething crowd, and so
played music not to the taste of a nineteen year old college girl.
     She took the drinks back to the tables, mentally calculating
what her tip would be from the group of people there. Tonight would
be a good one, she thought, the place was packed.
     She delivered the drinks, smiled prettily, then turned and
made her way across the edges of the dance floor. Somebody in the
crowd managed to dart a hand out and grope her breast, and she
almost dropped the tray of empty glasses.
     She turned and glared at the crowd but couldn't make out who's
hand it had been in the near darkness and blinking lights. She went
on to the bar, thinking of how she'd no doubt look back on this
place with fondness when she was a lawyer.
     The saw by the clock over the bar that it was nearly twelve.
She had to call her mother every two hours. It was the only way to
keep her from calling here. She thought the place was a den of
iniquity that would surely lure her little precious virgin into
hell.
     Well, in fact she wasn't a virgin, and though there were drugs
in evidence here and there, most of the people here were middle
class yuppies and used only booze to get themselves high.
     She pushed her way through the crowd, catching just the tips
of someone's fingers as the guy tried to slip them under her skirt.
She cursed them all as dirty old men and got through to the other
side, going out into the entrance hall, then turning left and going
up the stairs to the women's bathroom.
     There was a long line of women waiting outside and she knew it
would take forever to get in to use the phone in the powder room.
She turned and went down the hall past the men's room. Just around
the corner were several wooden phone booths.
     Even up here the music pounded furiously, for the management
had been kind enough, or stupid enough, she thought, to install
speakers up here. There was even a drunken couple dancing up the
hall.
     She got into one of the phone booths and closed the door,
dimming out about ninety percent of the noise. The phone booths
with their nearly sound proof walls and doors were one of the few
things in this place she approved of.
     She dialled home, told her mother she could go to bed, that
she wasn't taking any drugs and wasn't going to run off with a
greasy arab or some hairy chested playboy, then hung up with a
sigh. She turned and opened the door, and was immediately assaulted
by the blaring music.
     It made her pause for a second, and then from out of nowhere
someone was shoving her back into the phone booth.
     "Hey!" she yelled, the words drowned out by the music. 
     He was a big guy, his arms thick, muscles hard on his chest.
He was black, and wore an expensive silk suit, his dreadlocks
hanging down over his shoulders. His teeth gleamed white as he
forced her back against the wall and mashed his lips against hers.
She cursed and tried to push him off as one of his hands seized her
hair and the other slid between her legs, forcing her leg up and
back.
     "Let me go, you fucker!" she snarled, pounding on his chest
with her small hands. He tore at her hair, forcing her head back.
She gasped in pain, then gurgled as his tongue shot into her mouth.
Her shoulders were slammed back into the corner of the phone booth
and her left leg shoved up high and hard against one wall.
     His hand jammed in between her thighs then, squeezing her
pussy through her panties. He seized them and tore them from her
with one powerful jerk.  She tried to scream again but his mouth
covered hers and his body crushed her into the back of the phone
booth.
     The music screamed around them and people passed by in the
near darkness, either not noticing or assuming they were a pair of
lovers. Nobody interfered as the man undid his zipper and brought
his cock out.
     Jennie cried out in shock and fear when she felt it pressing
against her naked pussy. She struggled with new fury, but her left
arm was crushed between one wall and her body and her right was
easily pushed back by his shoulder.
     His face was rough, needing a shave, and he had a large mouth.
His eyes gleamed cruelly as he stared at her, and then she grunted
and cried out again as his black cock entered her and thrust up
high into her belly.
     She tried to scream again but his mouth mashed down on hers,
locking tightly as his tongue slithered inside her oral cavity like
a maddened snake. His hips pounded against her thighs, ramming her
left leg back against the wall again and again.
     His cock drove up high inside her. It was long, and very
thick. Jennie gasped and her eyes teared from the pain as the fat
organ stabbed into her repeatedly. His hand gripped her thigh
again, shoving it back and holding it against the wall as he pumped
more smoothly.
     Her mind was in a state of shock that she could be assaulted
right here inside the club and nobody would help. She could see
nothing beyond the man's massive body. Her own body was shielded
from the sight of the few patrons who passed by.
     The man clutched her soft buttocks and his fingers dug into
the warm flesh, clawing hard at them. She whimpered helplessly,
then grunted and moaned in despair as she felt him force a finger
up into her asshole.
     Her crotch and thighs ached as he continued ram his lower body
into her. He kept firm control of her head, holding tightly to her
curly blonde hair, yet even when she held her face still and
submitted to his oral rape he continued to tug and twist her hair.
     He pulled his mouth from hers at last, sniggering loud enough
for her to hear in the small, soundproof booth.
     "Dirty white whore," he leered. "Like it, baby? Wagging your
ass around all night! Think you can do that and not get fucked you
little slut? You fuckin' blonde bitches always want black cock
anyway. Don't ya! Hah?!"
     He stuck his tongue out and licked a long trail up the side of
her face, then licked her forehead and along the underside of her
jaw. He let go of her hair at last and she groaned in relief, but
his hand slipped up between their bodies and clutched her right
titty, mashing it through her blouse.
     He tore her shirt open, simple enough as it closed down the
front with snap buttons, then ripped her thin bra and groped her
bare titties as his cock continued to thrust up into her fuck pipe.
     Jennie had stopped trying to fight and was just waiting for
him to finish, her mind and body both numbed by the sudden brutal
assault. 
     He continued to ram his sex into her for several long minutes
before he groaned and halted with his organ buried inside her guts.
She imagined the sticky wads of cum spurting into herself and
cringed inwardly.
     She was relieved though, that he had cum, that the attack was
done. No doubt he would no leave.
     He seemed in no hurry to do so, though. He continued to lick
and kiss her face, his hand groping, squeezing her breasts,
fondling her nipples, pinching and pulling at them so they
hardened. 
     She felt his cock softening and he eased himself backwards,
but made no effort to open the door and leave the little booth,
instead he gave her another awful leering smile and pushed down on
her shoulders, forcing her down onto her knees on the floor of the
booth.
     She was facing his flaccid cock and he gripped her hair again 
as he rubbed the cum stained prick across her face.
     "Suck it hard again, white girl, and I'll throw you another
fuck," he said.
     Her heart sank and she groaned in misery. Not only was he
staying but down here she was all but invisible to any passersby,
for the sides of the booth were all wood up to waist height, and
glass only from there. Down on her knees nobody could see she was
even in the booth.
     The man jerked sharply on her hair and pushed his soft black
cock against her lips. She had no choice but to open her mouth and
take the thing inside. She sucked on it as she drew it in, her
tongue rubbing carefully along the underside of the head.
     He continued to grip her hair, now with both hands as he
sighed in pleasure. Jennie's mind was no completely numb, almost
detached from her body as she sucked mechanically on the man's
already growing erection.
     Soon she was bobbing her lips back and forth on the hardened
organ as he slowly humped his hips in and out, fucking the cock
into her face. Her hands dropped limp at her sides and she simply
knelt there as though anaesthetized while he pumped his thick meat
into her mouth.
     He pulled harder on her hair, forcing the dazed girl to her
feet again, turning her around and jamming her face first into the
back of the phone booth. She felt him jerk her mini upwards and
felt his hands on her behind.
     His finger pushed into her anus again, and pumped slowly, then
withdrew. A moment later she felt his erection pushing against her
little round hole. She thought little about it, being too numbed by
then. His cock eased up into her asshole with slow jabs.
     It forced her anus wide and the pain was sharp, but did not
last long as he drove the thing all the way up into her guts. She
felt his balls pressing against her buttocks as he gnawed on the
side of her throat and ground his hips into her.
     His cock moved around inside her rectum as he brought his
hands around her and cupped both breasts, squeezing them hard. He
slowly began to pump his cock, using short strokes at first. His
right hand slid down her bare belly and in between her thighs,
rubbing at her slit, his finger searching for her clitty.
     He rubbed her fuck button as he did a slow motion grind into
her anus, his cock pumping slowly, now moving from side to side,
his pants scraping against her soft ass flesh, his zipper pinching
her anal opening.
     She didn't move, had hardly the strength or awareness to stand
up. Her face was still pressed into the back wall of the phone
booth as his heavy framed body moved against her.
     In her dulled state it was some time before she became aware,
in a vague sort of way, that her body was feeling pleasure. She
took little interest in it, though acknowledging the pleasurable
feelings. Her breasts were hardened, flaring with heat as his
fingers moved into and around them, her clitty was sizzling with
lust as his fingers continued to rub, stroke and squeeze the little
bud.
     The pleasure grew, eating away at her detachment, slowly
drawing her back into herself, to the awareness of the raw
sensuality gripping her loins, to the sensations of steaming heat
streaming through her bloodstream, rippling up and down her nervous
system.
     Her eyes blinked in wonder and dazed consternation. She felt
her body flying higher and higher, her belly heaving and churning
and raging, a massive vortex of blistering sexual heat tearing
through her innards.
     "No," she whimpered.
     Then her head jerked back as a sudden spasm of lust burned
through her spine. She gasped for breath, the wind all but knocked
out of her. Her forehead fell against the wall, then her head
jerked back again, even further, her back arching as muscle spasms
wracked her body and her mind reeled under frantic sensations of
blaring ectatic release.
     She came with a furious crescendo of shrieking sexual
eruptions, her body jerking and shuddering as though undergoing a
violent seizure.
     Somewhere in the midst of it she felt a flood of liquid heat
blasting up into her asshole, felt it coating her insides with
sticky, steamy goo. 
     She couldn't think straight, could hardly think at all, knew
nothing but glorious pleasure that ripped the air from her lungs
and the thoughts from her mind, leaving a quivering frame of flesh
behind.
     And then she was sinking down, down, to the bottom of the
booth, turning, her back against the wall, her legs spread as she
slid to one side to be propped against a wall, staring dull eyed at
the floor.
     The man left quickly, but she remained there, sitting on the
floor, staring, her eyes starting to flutter even as her chest
heaved. She drew in great lungsfull of air and groaned weakly.
Finally, after several minutes, she pulled herself to her shaky
feet and stumbled out into the darkened hall and the blaring music,
leaving her torn panties behind.
