			"Photo Shoot"

		       by Mitchell Knight



	"Mark, you've really got to consider taking a risk.  If you
don't do something soon to jump start your career, nobody will
remember your name in a couple years," his agent explained.

	"What about the movie?  Didn't that help?" Marky Mark asked.

	"Hardly anybody went to see it and most people didn't even
realize you were in it.  That was DeVito's movie.  He was the
star."

	"Then what can I do?"

	He laced his together his fingers and leaned forward on his
desk as he tried to delicately broach the subject with his young
client.

	"It's something we've talked about a couple times before," he
began solemnly.

	"Oh, no.  Not that," Marky Mark said, shaking his head.

	"Mark, just listen to me.  They called again this week and
upped their offer.  This could be just the spark we need.  If we
follow the pictorial with your new album--"

	"My mom wouldn't like it."

	"Mark, you've got to break away!  You can't let her ruin your
life or pretty soon you won't have one left to live."

	"Yeah, but...nude?"

	"Even without putting any kind of spin on it, sales will be
phenomenal.  It'll be good for the magazine and for you.  All
you've got to do is drop your Calvins."

	Marky Mark nodded slowly with his forehead wrinkled in thought.

	"Okay, I'll do it."



*       *       *

	I'd had some hot assignments before, but this one really took
the cake.  When my editor told me I would be photographing Marky
Mark for an upcoming issue of Playgirl, I swear my cock was hard
in a second.  I knew this shoot was going to remind me why I'd
gotten into photography in the first place.

	And now here I was, squatting with camera in hand and snapping
pictures of Marky Mark as he sat on the bench press wearing only
his Calvins and that irresistible boyish smile.

	"Okay, I need to grab a roll of film before we start the next
stage.  Why don't you get out of your underwear and put on that
robe while you wait."

	He nodded.

	As I scurried away, I wiped away the sheen of sweat on my upper
lip and wondered if this situation was too much for me.  I
rubbed my hard dick through my pants as I dug out a new roll of
film.  The shoot so far had been so arousing that I was worried
I'd shoot my load as soon as I saw him in the buff.

	I closed my eyes, took a few breaths, and let the tension leave
my muscles.  By the time I headed back to the gym set, my cock
was only semi hard.  This state changed immediately upon
catching sight of Marky Mark again.  He sat right where I'd left
him but this time the Calvins were gone.

	His cock was everything he'd boasted it to be.  The thick piece
of manly flesh hung between his large muscular thighs without
being diminished by them.  Large hairless balls hung loose
beneath it.  His brown pubic hair was short, and I suspected
that had probably been done the last time he'd shaved his body.

	"You're ready?" I asked as I felt precum leak into my jockeys.

	"Yep," he answered.

	"Then lay back on the bench, and I'll try a couple that way."

	As he lay back I caught a good view of his puckered pink hole
and imagined slamming my cock into that tight little love chute.
 I figured it probably wouldn't be the first time he'd felt a
man's cock there.  After all, he had older brothers whom I
wouldn't be surprised to find out had introduced Mark to that
pleasure when they were younger.

	I took a few more pictures of him draped across the black
weight equipment.  His smooth sculpted body was a pleasure to
capture on film.  I knew that plenty of the photographs from
this session would make it into my private collection.

	Then we moved into the shower where I got some more of him
under the head as he soaped up and then let the water caress
him.  As I watched the clear droplets run over his smooth flesh,
I wish I could be them.

	"Now it's on to the Jacuzzi," I said.

	"I get to relax?" he asked, smiling.

	"Like any of this has been work for you," I answered.

	He chuckled.  "It sure looks like you've been working hard."

	He pointed to my sweaty face.  I just wiped it with my sleeve
as he steeped into the Jacuzzi.

	"Now what I want you to do is stand up real quick when I tell
you."

	"Uh..." he answered.

	"What is it?"

	"Oh, nothing."

	"Okay, when I say three, stand up right away and throw your
arms up too.  I want to see water splashing everywhere.

	"1-2-3."

	He followed directions to a tee, and I got my picture and also
a good view of his engorged dick.  It stood straight out at
about seven or eight inches.

	"Hmm...that could be a problem," I said as I snapped another
picture.

	"This?" he asked, looking down at his erection.

	I nodded.  "Most of the time boner pictures get cut from the
final layout."

	"I couldn't help it.  The water felt so good and--"

	"Don't worry about it.  I know what we can do."

	"What?"

	The realization that opportunities like this come around very
rarely in one's life gave me the courage to say, "I'll just give
you a blowjob."

	"Are you serious, man?"

	I nodded.

	"That would be great."

	I was quite certain I would enjoy this more than him as I
approached his well-formed body.  Looking at his cute, boyish
face I just wanted to bury my tongue in his mouth, but I knew
that would be going too far for this het boy rapper.

	I ran my hands over his smooth meaty chest and licked his third
nipple.  Then my hands slid down his stomach and hips.  I knelt
before this god of the gym and licked the slit of the red,
flared head.  Then I wrapped my mouth around it and stroked his
hard thighs as I engulfed more of this thick cock.

	Marky Mark grabbed the back of my head in his powerful hands
and pushed my mouth to the base of  his cock.  The head slipped
into my throat but in my lifetime I'd given plenty of blowjobs
so I handled it without choking.

	From that point on, Marky Mark was in control.  He held my head
in his hands and thrust with his hips to slide his erection in
and out of my mouth.  I kept a tight seal on his dick and
pressed my tongue up hard against the underside of his dick.

	I slid a hand between his ass cheeks and fingered his wet hole.
 After finding it, I easily slid my pinky inside.  From the
increase in his thrusting, I assumed that he liked it, so I
probed deeper.

	My other hand slid between my thighs and started rubbing my
swollen cock through the fabric.  After a few passes with my
hand, my body exploded in ecstasy, and I pumped thick loads of
cum into my jockeys.

	I could feel that Marky Mark was about ready so I sped up my
fucking of his ass.  My pinky slid easily in and out of his hole
as I buried it to the knuckle.

	Suddenly he impaled me on his erection as he started panting
from the orgasm which swept his body.  Semen poured down my
throat.

	Once he relaxed his hold, I pulled back and polished off his
knob until it was all shiny.  Then he sat back in the Jacuzzi. 
He wore a cute boyish smile and his face was completely relaxed.
 I finished the shoot without a hitch.

	The jockeys that I came in that day lay beside the pictures of
Marky Mark that never made it into Playgirl.  I look at these
often when masturbating and smell those shorts for some very
intense orgasms.

	

The End
