OPEN MARRIAGE

PHOTOGRAPHIC MEMORY

By ELLEN

A few months ago, I was standing at a counter in a
neighborhood camera and film store, handing the shop owner
a check for processing our vacation pictures.

A photographer named Jim, whom Bill and I had known
a year and a half through a mutual health club membership,
walked in as I turned for the door. I smiled at the memory
of my remark to him when we first met, sitting alongside
the other in the steam of the club's spa; I'd told him that
his blue eyes and shock of red hair reminded me of a flag.
He'd laughed, and each time we met thereafter, he always
had a fresh joke to tell.

The store's owner had reached for a ringing phone that was
nestled amid a pile of white and yellow invoices, and began
a lengthy discussion with the supplier; she waved to Jim
that she'd be with him in a few minutes.

Jim and I leaned against the counter making small
talk. I was still laughing at a joke he was telling me
when he queried, "How'd you like to accompany me to the
convention center? I'm doing promos for a belly dancing
studio. I could use a model."

Although I haven't been a professional model since our
marriage, my picture - unpaid - appeared once last year in
a local magazine, advertising the health club. Jim had
been the photographer for the ad. He'd offered the
suggestion of a social drink, that might or might not have
been flirting, after we'd ended the two-hour photo session
at around 10 p.m. I hadn't given it much thought at the
time.

 Now, I assumed he was again trying to determine
 whether I might date outside my marriage. I declined,
 saying, "I'm permanently out of the business."

 Jim didn't give up. He remarked,"Your black hair and
 those gray eyes would've been perfect! I can't believe it's
 been 8 years since you modeled; when'd you quit, at 15?" I
 don't really think about my appearance, but I still love
 hearing men say those things.

 I grinned, "Was that supposed to be a clever way to
 learn my age?" As we talked, I began to see this lean,
 athletic man as one my husband Bill enjoys me dating.
 Others might categorize my husband as a "watcher"; he
 derives pleasure out of seeing me have sex with other men,
 or - if watching us isn't possible - at least telling him
 about the dates afterward.

 So I reconsidered. I whispered softly, "What about me
 hiring you at your standard rates for some photos at my
 home? I'd like them as a surprise gift for Bill's birthday!
 Bill won't return from the seminar until Saturday evening,
 and I want these to be evening-type pictures. You know,
 intimate?"

 His blue eyes were now animated. He smiled broadly,
 responding, "The photos will be FREE! Saturday's fine!"

 Of course, my husband was enthusiastic, right up until
 Saturday night when Jim arrived. We'd left the second car
 at a neighborhood supermarket lot to make it seem that Bill
 had driven out of town as I'd told Jim. Actually, Bill was
 lounging in the unlit hot tub room adjoining our bedroom.

 When I met Jim at the door, I was wearing this
 clinging emerald satin dress, slit up the side to my waist.
 I wore nothing beneath. Jim's eyes were darting about my
 body and nipples outlined beneath the dress as I posed, leg
 exposed - on a stool at the family room bar, lying on the
 living room couch, or stretched out on the bedroom floor.

 Finally, after a full roll, Jim reminded me, "You said
 you wanted 'intimate' pictures for Bill. Were you thinking
 of lingerie shots?" Unable to hide his excitation, Jim's
to semi-tumescense beneath his slacks.

 Like me, he was trying to appear detached and
 unconcerned. But he KNEW I wasn't talking about lingerie.

 I stretched out, breasts jutting toward him, my head
 against the waterbed's pillow. My nipples were standing
 firmly beneath the dress. I smiled softly, "I was hoping we
 could do some nudes, but I'd want to be present when you
 develop these, and I'd want to keep all the negatives." I
 glanced to the slightly opened door leading to the hot tub
 room from the corner, but was unable to see Bill watching
 from the darkness.

 Jim, of course, didn't know that room held a hot tub;
 it could have been a closet.

 His voice croaking, Jim agreed, "No problem. Anything
 for a friend." He was adjusting his lens, but from the
 mirror I saw him stealing glances as I disrobed. I folded
 the dress on a wicker emperor chair and climbed seductively
 onto the bed. Some photographers, and Jim was no exception,
 prefer others to think they're unaffected by models; "Just
 think of me like I'm a doctor," some will say; but I lost
 count of the erections I'd encountered while posing only in


 By now, his member had grown its full length as he inserted
 a low-light film roll, clicked off the bed lamp, and
 murmured, "These should turn out more naturally."
 The dim light from the distant end of the hallway
 filtered through the transom above the door. Another film
 roll later, when I was unwrapped from the satin sheets and
 lying face up with my arms folded beneath my head, Jim lay
 aside the camera and sat on the edge of the bed to talk.

 I cannot for the life of me remember that
 conversation, except that he'd extracted a tube of body
 makeup and suggested, "This will add some color and blur
 the bikini tan-lines. I nodded in agreement as his long
 slender fingers massaged the creamy liquid onto my hips and
 thighs. He blotted a bit above and below my breasts, his
 hands smoothing it into the softness to the outlines of my
 nipples. He extracted another tube, adding a darker shade
 over my nipples, which were now standing out like spikes.

 I was trembling. Even in the room's dimness, my wide
 eyes and parted lips betrayed my fervid excitation as I
 stared at his engorged member. His hand cupped the fullness
 as his thumb softly massaged the nipple. Yet
 each of us pretended not to notice the electric sensuality
 of the other.

 I gulped, "Would you mind if I took similar pictures
 of you?" He was out of his clothes in a flash, handing me
 his camera as I lay nude on the bed. Although I knew the
 answers, I pointed to the camera and queried, "How does
 this work?"

 Jim sat inches away. He pointed to the camera's
 features with one hand, his other hand heatedly stroking
 the smoothness of my long legs. His full length was
 pointing to the ceiling. When he looked up, he could see
 that I was mesmerized by his throbbing member protruding
 from his thick patch of red pubic hair.

 My tongue flicked across my dry, quivering lips. He
 touched a long finger to my mouth. My stomach churning, I
 was both fearful and eager for his touch; but -
 involuntarily - my lips enveloped the finger, my tongue
 twirling around it, my eyes rolling up to meet his.

 Laying the camera on the nightstand, he pressed his
 lips to mine, pushing the back of my head to a soft pillow.
 His legs straddled my hips. I tremored beneath the heat of
shing my stomach. My lips pursed in
 an "Oh!"

 I was mewing in desire as he stroked the softness of
 my breasts. He spread my legs, his tongue searching the
 folds of my vagina. I was burning with a passion like a
 blast furnace.

 I succumbed to his firm, wet tongue. Although I'd
 wanted to respond enthusiastically, I was surprised by the
 eagerness to which I responded. My hips involuntarily
 rolled, my thighs gripping his head, my ankles locked
 behind his neck!

 As my head thrashed excitedly from side to side, I
 glimpsed my husband's shadowed nudeness at the doorway,
 staring at us in excitation. Bill was stroking his cock in
 rhythm with my hips.

 But as Jim's long tongue stroked my enflamed
 clitoris, I swam in ecstasy, forgetting my husband even
 existed.

 My excited groin gyrated in mad passion as Jim's
 intrusive tongue explored my depths. My voice quaking, I
 muttered, "Oh god, I love it!" I shuddered wantonly as he
 raised to his knees to suckle my breasts. My cunt quivered
 upward to touch his dick's broad purplish head.
e groaned, his eyes glazed over with lust. His jaw
 slackened. His engorged cock entered my eager vagina. His
 bulging veins were pulsating and steaming against my cuntal
 walls that were squeezing his rubbery hardness.
 I pressed my heels against the bed to ease his long
 path inside my fiery wetness.

 And then we were united in the center of an exploding
 universe, his shaft having sunk its full length. I moaned.
 We fucked slowly as I wrapped my long legs around his hard
 body, pulling him faster and faster into me until the
 stunning thrills had transported me from the planet.

 My eyes widened with delight as I looked down,
 watching his broad sword skewer me. Wishing that it would
 never end, I pleaded, fervidly, "Oh FUCK me, Jim! I love
 your wonderful cock! I WANTED you to fuck me! I LOVE
 fucking you!" And I did; I loved it. I was on fire! I
 lifted and lowered my hips in rhythm with Jim. The muscles
 in my depths were opening and closing my creaming walls to
 accept and savor every steaming thrust! His cock was
 expanding even further as I cried, "I'm bursting APART!" I
 screamed with the joy of the ultimate roller coaster ride
sion's tunnel!

 The rolling waterbed heightened my lust; I was a
 galactic surfer riding the cosmic crest of a super-wave,
 alive with the fire of Jim's long, thick cock, now pounding
 into me with heart-stopping thunder. My only thought now
 was how awesomely god-like we were, our fervid minds and
 bodies united in glowing pleasure, his swollen instrument
 throbbing within my shuddering pussy. Tears were rolling
 down my cheeks. I was sobbing with joy, swimming within the
 flaming oceans of volcanic ecstasy, the fiery depths of
 pleasure which only adulterers can know!

 My head thrashed from side to side, the yolks of my
 eyes now rolling with unbridled lust. Jim's huge, bulbous
 cock-head spread wide my cuntal walls with each white-hot
 entry. Although I don't swear, I was now mewing with
 evangelical fervor, "Oh God-DAMN! I love this! I LOVE it! I
 love fucking YOU!"

 I glanced to the door, seeing Bill, nude, stroking
 his rod with the rhythm of Jim's and my marvelous fucking,
 realizing in mind-numbing pleasure that Bill was as lost in
 this adulterous union as were Jim and I.

 But NOW, I had no thoughts of BILL's pleasure; my
g cunt was united with JIM's rubbery member!
 I wailed as my legs locked tightly around Jim's back, his
 steaming member stoking my red coals of hellfire. My hips
 lifted from the bed each time he withdrew as if I were
 afraid his cock might leave my insatiable nest.

 The cosmic storm of release was building deep within
 me. Jim, too, was groaning, his cock expanding unbelievably
 with each shuddering thrust. His head thrashed upward, his
 shoulders and hips shaking, exploding with me! The beast of
 lust is completely mad when released!

 I cried, the passion so blinding I lost all sense of
 time and space. It seemed that we were coming for eons, in
 pleasurable waves. I wailed in the overwhelming ecstasy of
 multiple orgasms.

 Finally, our emotions washed ashore to reality's
 island, glowing blissfully in sinful memories. I whispered,
 "I loved being fucked by you."

 He murmured softly, "I love fucking you."

 Spent, Jim smiled and rolled off me, staring at the
 ceiling. Bill had discreetly closed and locked the door and
 gone to sleep alongside the hot tub, without Jim's ever
 knowing. Jim and I slumbered peacefully, our arms
as awakened by the sun's early rays
 rippling through the blinds.

 Jim still slept, but his cock was standing high. I
 kissed it, my lips enveloping his full length. He groaned,
 awakening. The joy of fucking him again, with Bill hearing
 but unable to watch, was even more delicious.

 He pulled me above him, my knees on each side of his
 head as his tongue brought me to a near climax. Moaning
 wantonly, i straddled his hips. I lowered my shuddering
 vagina onto his long shaft until I was impaled, my cuntal
 walls gripping his hardened manhood. Riding this wild
 steed, feeling its every inch deep within, I bucked against
 him, screaming with pleasure, selfishly realizing that Bill
 couldn't risk opening the door to watch our love-making in
 this morning light.

 Jim turned me to my knees, entering my cunt from
 behind. I turned to watch his manhood disappear into my
 depths as I moaned, "Oh, YES! Oh, PLEASE!" My toes dug into
 his calves behind me, cutting softly into his flesh as he
 slammed into me! My lips parted, my head still turned
 toward him; my throat musically grunted, "UNNHHH!
with each delicious thrust.

 And now I was out of control, with no sense of
 reality. I rocked back in rhythm with his fucking. My
 buttocks slapped his firm stomach, just as his large
 dangling balls were slapping my buttocks! The world was in
 slow motion. His broad purplish cock-head was searing
 through my enflamed tunnel, pushing my pulsating walls
 apart as it advanced inch by inch, followed by the flank of
 his long steel-hard shaft massaging my private channel! I
 was screaming like a wounded banshee.

 I wanted the moment to last forever, but an orgasmic
 thunder was advancing deep within my mind and body, which
 were now united in wondrous pleasure with Jim. The
 expanding proportions of his cock throbbed in anticipation
 as he too increased his furious ride through my depths. I
 could feel the veins bulge, his massive shaft tremor with
 excitement as he entered and withdrew.

 I was still savoring this awesome moment when the
 series of orgasms began to explode like a fireworks
 display! The blinding eruptions of a billion stars lit the
 room as we screamed in unison, his hands grasping the
 softness of my breasts as I reached behind to grasp the
 of his shaft. The warm liquid burst through
 my tunnel like a tidal wave through a high canyon.

 The thrills rippled through my quivering body. My
 fingernails digging into Jim's hips behind me, my back
 arched in complete submission. My mind and clitoris were
 shattering in this emotional onslaught with the fragility
 of plate glass in a hurricane. I collapsed, then turned
 toward Jim alongside me.

 I lay, caressing his softening cock, now and then
 grasping it with my small fist and pulling it. Although we
 would meet many times again, usually alone - away from Bill
 - we would not be fucking again that night; Jim's vigor had
 been spent in the three orgasms; but I also had been
 completely satiated. Jim was wonderful. We stared in
 adoration of the other for an hour, until Jim dressed and
 left, believing that my husband would soon return.

 Afterward, as I lay alongside Bill, he pleaded for me
 to tell him my deepest feelings while being fucked by Jim.
 His member rose higher as I told him, as graphically as I'm
 telling you here. He mounted me, hardening and plunging
 deeper with each description. Hours later, exhausted, we
 left the house for the beach and relaxed the rest
 of the weekend. Consenting adultery, as you may have
 imagined, has brought us closer together.

 I love receiving e-mail from readers. A letter writer
 recently inquired whether these stories are true. Except
 for the changes in names, each happened just as I have told
 you. These stories were a sampling of two years of our
 lives. I haven't yet told you about a young social science
 post-grad student's interview (and more) of me; he was
 engaged in life-styles research, and we met on-line through
 another system's compu-chat system.

 Each experience offered unexpected surprises,
 teaching me that no one can completely prepare for, or
 predict, what life holds for us.
 à    >6 M  P 