Archive-name: Affairs/photog01.txt
Archive-author: Ralph Williams
Archive-title: Photographer, The - 1


                  I have always had an interest in photography that went
             beyond the enjoyment of looking at nude pictures in Playboy.
             So last fall, I decided to take a course offered through the
             community college in photography.  We did a number of
             different subjects in the course and one of the outside
             assignments was to do a series on a human subject.  I talked
             Nancy, a gorgeous brunette that works with me into being my
             model.  At work, I'm known as a kind and quiet man who is
             "safe" but not particularly exciting.  I have never been
             very aggressive with woman and am sort of plain looking.
             Nancy knew that she was safe and that all I wanted were some
             nice pictures.  She agreed after I promised that she could
             have copies.  She wore a blue evening dress and had her hair
             styled specially (also an expense I absorbed) for the
             session.  It went smoothly with me taking two rolls of film
             of her doing close-up and glamor shots.  After developing
             the pictures in the class, I took copies to work for Nancy
             and she was so pleased she showed them to all our coworkers.
             I got lots of praise for the work from both my coworkers and
             the class.
                  A month later, Christine (another coworker) approached
             me and asked if I would photograph her.  I agreed and asked
             to bring what she wanted to pose in to my house that
             Saturday.  Christine is a tall, very slender brunette with
             an extremely tight body and a small chest.  She is very
             quiet and reserved at work.  I rented some extra lights and
             set up a backdrop in my basement (I hope to add a darkroom
             too).  Christine showed up wearing workout clothes with a
             small bag.  She said that she wanted to start of in that so
             we went straight to work.  I talked her through a number of
             poses.  After I was done with the first roll, she went to
             the bathroom to change.  She came out in a tiny strapless
             orange bikini.  My mouth dropped to the floor.  I regained
             my composure and we went back to work.   I had her pose many
             ways being sure to get a couple closeups for myself and a
             couple with her facing away from the camera (what a hiney!).
             After two roles of film , Christine went back to the
             bathroom and changed back into her work out clothes.  She
             thanked me and told me she was looking forward to seeing the
             pictures.
                  I stopped by Christine's desk on Wednesday (I had
             borrowed a friends darkroom to develop the pictures) and
             gave her the pictures.  She left them in the envelope and
             said that she would look at them later.  I can't blame her
             for not wanting the whole office drooling over her in a
             bikini.  Thursday, she came by my desk to thank me again and
             to ask if I would do some more.  I agreed to have her come
             over again Saturday (who wouldn't!) for another session.
                  Saturday morning, I once again set up my equipment for
             the shoot.  Needless to say I was quite excited.  Christine
             showed up at 10:00 wearing another workout suit and carrying
             her bag again.  This time she excused herself and went
             straight to the bathroom to change.  I played around with
             the equipment wondering what type of surprises she might
             have for me today.  I was hoping that she might have brought
             along another bikini.  She came out of the bathroom wearing
             a skimpy teddy!  I was having a hard time concealing my
             excitement.  Christine explained that she wanted some
             special pictures for her boyfriend to remember her by when
             he was away on business.  She laid down across the set with
             one hand supporting her head and the other running along her
             side.  Her brown nipples were clearly visible through the
             top and I could just make out a small dark patch through her
             sheer white panties.  Needless to say, I started shooting
             away.  Soon, I had her moving all around so I could get a
             better pictures (not to mention a better view!).  When I
             went to change film, she said she was going to change into
             something else.  I was disappointed, figuring that I had
             seen all that I was going to.  Five minutes later she came
             out wearing a black silk night shirt and white stockings.
             It was not transparent as the teddy had been but her nipples
             still cast an interesting contour through the silk.  The
             shirt was slit near the bottom on both sides and I could
             just catch the tops of the stockings.  They apparently were
             being held up by a garter belt!.
                  She laid down belly first on the set and I started
             shooting closeups of her face.  If she had been a little
             better built, I would have had some good cleavage but as I
             mentioned earlier, Christine is slight.  I walked around her
             back and saw that the shirt had ridden up her backside
             exposing part of each cheek.  She didn't have any panties
             on!  My bulge was getting tougher and tougher to conceal and
             walking was getting painful.  I moved back to the front of
             the set and put my camera back on the tripod (help conceal
             the shake in my hand).  She rose up to a semi kneeling
             position and unbuttoned a couple buttons on the shirt.  Then
             she took part of the left shoulder and leaned her head over
             it.  She stared up at the camera and I took some shots.  It
             was one hot pose!  Then she kneeled at a 90 degree angle to
             the camera and worked the shirt to expose the side of her
             thigh (without showing any of her privates) and the garter
             belt.
                  I was out of film again (I don't know how I noticed!).
             As I was changing film, Christine got up and got a drink (I
             had set out some white wine).  She brought a glass over to
             me and asked me if I would promise to be discreet.  I
             thought it a little strange to ask after she had already had
             the pictures shot but agreed that it would do neither of us
             any good to circulate anything at the office.  She made me
             promise to give her all the negatives but said that I could
             keep some pictures for myself.  Then she said that it was
             time to get back to work (I thought maybe she was done by
             the tone of her conversation).  She sat down on the set and
             undid all but one button on the nightshirt.  One of her
             small breasts peeked out from one side of the shirt.  Not
             knowing if it was on purpose or inadvertent, I quickly shot
             some pictures.  It on purpose as she lowered Christine shirt
             to her lap exposing both tits.  They were absolutely
             gorgeous, small and pert with the brown nipples standing
             out.  I was in seventh heaven.  She unbuttoned the last
             button on the shirt and threw it off the set.  She was now
             sitting indian style with nothing but the white garter belt
             and stockings.  I still couldn't see her pussy because of
             the way she was sitting.  After I shot a couple more frames,
             she laid on her belly facing me.  I caught a glimpse of her
             pussy as she laid out.  She a really tight butt and the
             cheeks looked really firm.  She rolled over and stood up
             with her back facing me and looked over her shoulder at the
             camera.  Finally she turned around and I got to view her in
             all her glory.  She had a neatly trimmed pussy with a thin
             downy looking bush.  I had run out of film again.  I
             practically tore the camera apart and reloaded in record
             time as I didn't want to miss this opportunity of a
             lifetime.  Christine had sat back down when I turned around
             to the set.  She was sitting with her knees up to her chest.
             She said that she wanted some extreme closeups and spread
             her knees partly and put both hands down on both sides of
             her pussy.  I moved in for the closeups as she pulled the
             lips apart showing the pinkness inside.  I couldn't believe
             Christine was such a hot lady under her quiet exterior.  A
             finger entered the slippery folds and she frigged in and out
             a couple times as I shot away (with the camera).  She rolled
             over on her belly and stuck her ass up at me.  I snapped a
             couple more shots of her brown and pink holes as she
             continued to slide her finger in and out of her pussy.  She
             rolled onto her back and I could see that her eyes were
             closed.  The pace of her finger had picked up too.  I shot
             away and found once again that I was out of film.  As I
             changed film, I saw that Christine had not noticed my
             absence (or my presence at that point) and was furiously
             moving her finger in and out and pulling at her nipples with
             the other hand, alternating from tit to tit.  I got back
             just in time to capture her face at the moment of climax.
             As she came down to earth, I snapped a couple more shots
             with her hand laying next to her wide open pussy with the
             juices clearly visible on it.  After a couple minutes, she
             reopened her eyes and looked up at me and blushed slightly.
             She had made very little noise during the whole performance
             (just a occasional whimper and some deep breathing,
             Christine was definitely not a screamer!).
                  She could plainly see my bulge.  She told me she would
             take care of my problem and thank me properly for the
             pictures if I promised to respect her relationship with her
             boyfriend.  She told me that she wouldn't let me fuck her
             but she would give me a blowjob.  She  motioned me over to
             her and reached up for my zipper and lowered it.  She
             reached in my shorts and pulled my cock out.  I have an
             average cock (six and a half inches and a little thicker
             than some) and she complimented me on it.  She guided me
             back to a seat near the tripod and sat me down, taking the
             opportunity to lower my pants and shorts.   As I sat, I
             kicked them completely off.  She kneeled down and took my
             cock in her mouth.  It was unbelievable.  She suck gently on
             the tip and ran it down, a little deeper each time.  She
             pulled it out and licked the underside down to the balls.
             She engulfed the head and went all the way down to the base.
             She raised her head to the tip again and started tonguing it
             while her hand grabbed my base and began to jack it.  I
             reached over and picked up my camera again.  I finished out
             the roll of film taking pictures of her sucking my cock.
             After having been as excited as I was for the last hour (it
             seemed much longer), I didn't have much staying power.  I
             was soon shooting my load down her throat.  She was
             obviously skilled and took the whole load without missing a
             drop.  I sat on the chair totally spent as she gently
             stroked my cock with her small hands.  After I regained my
             power to speak, I thanked her.  Christine made me promise
             that I would tell no one of our session (any part of it) and
             reminded me that I had promised her the negatives.  She got
             up and went to the bathroom.  By the time she came out
             (dressed once more in the workout suit), I had put my pants
             back on and was turning off the lights and cleaning up.  She
             thanked me again and kissed me lightly before leaving.
                  I went to my friends house Sunday to develop the film.
             It took most the day to do it but I wanted to get it right.
             I wanted to be sure that all the pictures came out right
             because Christine had said that I could keep a set of
             prints.  I had to do it right the first time as I had
             promised to return the negatives and would not get a second
             chance.  The results were quite impressive and I did a lot
             of blowups.
                  Monday, at the office, I told Christine that I had her
             prints and negatives out in my car (I didn't want to take
             the chance anyone could get a hold of them in the office).
             After work, we walked out to the car and I gave them to her.
             She thanked me again and I told her that I should be
             thanking her.  I told her anytime she wanted another shoot,
             To just let me know.
                  Thursday, she came up to me at the office.  She said
             that she had given the pictures to her boyfriend as a
             birthday present.  He (and she) were both impressed with the
             results.  She admitted that she hadn't given him the
             pictures of her frigging herself or the ones of her blowing
             me.  She didn't think he could handle that.
                  I still can't believe that this experience happened to
             me.  Not only did I have a great experience, my camera work
             has improved.

--
