Archive-name: Affairs/photog02.txt
Archive-author: Ralph Williams
Archive-title: Photographer, The - 2


                  After my last adventure, I realized that I wouldn't be
             happy unless I did some more nude photographs.  Christine
             was still around work but hadn't shown any interest (I was
             to timid to ask her).  I decided that I didn't want to risk
             approaching anyone at work since I wanted to keep my little
             hobby a secret.  I decided to place an ad in the classified
             section of our local paper.  I kept the ad vague saying that
             I wanted models for figure and glamor work.  I had them
             respond to a post office box so I could retain my anonymity.
             I ran the ad for one week and sat back and waited for the
             responses to come in.
                  At the end of the week, I went to the post office to
             see the response.  There was only five letters in the box.
             One was from what was obviously a hooker.  She talked about
             sex and what she would do to me if I was "generous".  I
             decided that I wasn't that desperate.  Another, she had
             included a picture, said that she didn't do nude work but
             would pose in swimsuits.  I put her aside hoping to find a
             more likely  candidate.  The third letter said that she
             posed for "tastefully" done nudes and that her rate was
             $200.00 an hour.  She included a picture and did not look
             particularly pretty.  I knew I couldn't afford her rates and
             was beginning to get a little discouraged.  The fourth was
             from a college student named Angela.  She said that she was
             working her way through school.  She said that she had never
             modeled before but thought she could learn quickly.  Angela
             wrote that she was 5' 8", 36-24-34 and weighed 135.  She
             also said that she had light blonde hair.  Now this was more
             like it.  The fifth letter was from a girl who had done some
             modeling before.  She included a photo and looked quite
             nice.  She had a resume from previous jobs and said that she
             would like to arrange a time for me to view her portfolio.
             I got the impression that she was a more serious model than
             I could afford and might not be willing to do the type
             photos I wanted.
                  It looked like Angela would be my best bet.  I called
             her number when I got home.  A pleasant female voice
             answered and I asked for Angela.  The girl told me that
             Angela had gone home for the weekend and would be back
             Monday.  She offered to take a message but I declined
             promising to call back Monday evening (Angela had classes
             most of the day I was told).  The weekend dragged on and I
             mapped out my strategy.  By Monday night, I was nervous.  I
             needed to calm down as I wanted to sound professional to
             allay any fears Angela might have.  I called and a different
             female voice answered.  I asked for Angela and she replied
             that she was her.  I told her that she had answered my ad
             and that I was interested in interviewing her.  She dropped
             her voice and sounded a bit tentative when she asked for the
             details.  I arranged to meet her at a local college hang out
             to discuss details.  I figured that this would give both of
             us a chance to check each other out and help put her at ease
             since she would be on her home turf.
                  I showed up at the appointed time with a small folder
             of some of my previous work.  I had include a couple of the
             more discreet shots of Christine (my only nude work at that
             point).  Angela showed up late and seemed a bit nervous.  I
             knew that I would have to go slow.  She seemed bigger than
             life (not fat), was well built and had a soft sort of
             roundness to her curves.  I tried to relax her by getting
             her to talk about herself.  She said that she was working
             her way through school and was having a hard time finding
             enough work to support herself given the time constraints of
             her classes.  She said that she had a part time waitress job
             but it didn't cover all her expenses.  She asked what the
             modelling job paid.  I told her that I would pay $100.00 a
             session and that could increase later on.  I said that each
             session would be about two hours long and that I could work
             around her schedule.  Angela then asked what she had to do.
             I told her I wanted to shoot some glamor, semi-nudes and
             nude shots (I gave her the folder to look at).  She looked
             around nervously and lowered her voice and said that she
             would do it.  We agreed on Thursday evening and I asked her
             to bring along a swimsuit, a nightgown, and to wear a dress
             to the session.
                  I planned to take it slow the first night.  Angela
             showed up on time in a  maroon dress suit with a white
             blouse.  She seemed tense and nervous.  I took her to the
             basement and gave her a quick tour to show her the bathroom
             for changing, the dark room (a new addition), and finally
             the studio.  I gave her a glass of wine and told her to let
             me know at any point in the shoot if she was uncomfortable.
             I took a couple quick pictures while she finished her wine
             and told her how lovely she looked.  She seemed to relax a
             bit and I guided her to the set.  I could tell I was going
             to have  to talk to her a lot and reassure her (with
             Christine there had been very little talking).
                  After about ten minutes of talking her through various
             poses, I asked her to remove her suit jacket.  She tensed
             momentarily but soon fell back into the rhythm.  I soon ran
             out of film in both cameras (I had gotten a second camera so
             I wouldn't have to change film as often) and suggested to
             Angela that she go change into her swimsuit.  She nervously
             trotted off to the bathroom to change.  She still hadn't
             come out when I had finished reloading.  I went down the
             hall and knocked on the door and asked her if she was
             alright.  She nervously replied that she would be out in a
             minute.  A couple minutes later, she came back into the
             studio wearing a robe that I had placed in the bathroom for
             her.  I asked her if she was nervous and she admitted that
             she was a little nervous.  I told her how beautiful she
             looked and that she had nothing to be afraid of.  After a
             couple more minutes of reassuring talk, she took the robe
             off and started posing again.  She was wearing a white one
             piece suit.  Though it showed her curves well, it was not
             terribly revealing.  She started to relax and I soon had her
             doing Marilyn Monroe style pin up shots and enjoying it.
             After I had shot another two rolls of film, I asked her to
             go change into the nightgown she had brought.  She picked up
             the robe and headed to the bathroom.  I reloaded the camera.
             I knew that I needed to pick up the pace a bit as we were
             already an hour into the session and I hadn't seen anything
             you couldn't see on TV.
                  Angela returned wearing the robe again and went
             straight to the set (a good sign).  I asked her how she was
             enjoying the session and she said that it was fun.  I took a
             couple of shots of her face as we talked to let her know it
             was time to get back to work.  She took the hint and removed
             the robe.  She was wearing one of those big football jersey
             that came down below her waist.  I guess 20 year old college
             students haven't had time to learn to appreciate sexy
             nightwear (such as the night shirt 29 year old Christine had
             in my first episode).  It looked like she was still wearing
             her bra.  Well if I couldn't start at the top, I could start
             at the bottom.  I moved her around the set and had her lie
             on her belly.  As she got down, I saw that she was wearing
             plain white panties.  After a couple of shots on her belly,
             I asked her to remove her panties for some semi-nude teasing
             shots.  The moment of truth had arrived.  Was she going to
             chicken out or were we going to start to make some progress.
             She hesitated a moment and then reached back.  She lowered
             the panties  without exposing anything.  I asked her to
             stand in a profile stance.  She rose carefully.  I asked her
             to raise the bottom of the shirt so as to cover her front
             but give a side view thigh and behind.  She did so slowly.
             She had a great behind.  I told again how beautiful she was
             and asked her to turn her head to the camera and give me a
             big smile.  She did so rather self conciously.  I told her
             that she could put her panties back on while I reloaded the
             camera (only one camera was used up but I could tell she
             needed a short break).
                  When I returned, she seemed more relaxed.  I asked her
             if she was ready to go on.  She said yes and I requested
             that she remove the jersey.  A look of panic shot through
             her eyes but she was a trooper.  I was right about the bra
             as after she removed the jersey, she was standing there in
             just her bra and panties.  I tried to relax her as I shot
             some more poses.  Finally, I asked her to unhook her bra.
             She complied and finally dropped it to the floor.  I hadn't
             realized how well built she was.  She had large firm breasts
             that did not sag (the advantages of youth) topped by large
             pinkish brown nipples.  I posed her in some poses to show
             off her beauties and to relax her for the final stage.  I
             had her stand facing away from the camera and asked her to
             remove her panties.  She lowered them to her feet and
             stepped out of them.  She had a beautiful round behind.
             After a few shots, I had her turn around.  Her pussy was
             covered by a thick  growth of light gold pubic hair.  I had
             her pose in a couple of different poses and finally had her
             recline on the set.  I knew time was growing short so I
             decided not to push her any further for this session.
                  Angela put the robe on and went to the bathroom to
             dress.  When she came out, I paid her in cash and threw in a
             little bonus as an encouragement.  Her eyes lit up as she
             counted the money.  I asked her if she wanted to do another
             session.  She did not hesitate at all as she replied in the
             affirmative.  I told her that I would call her next week (it
             was to expensive of deal to do too often).
                  I waited a week before calling Angela to set up a
             second session.  She sounded genuinely glad to hear from me
             again and told me that she had been scared that her hesitant
             performance might have soured me on her.  I reassured her
             that it had not and that I was looking forward to the next
             session.  We set up a time for Monday evening.  I did tell
             her that I hoped to move a little quicker this time.  I also
             suggested that she might want to trim her pubic hair.  She
             said that she would do what she could.  I also asked her
             sizes so that I could pick up a couple things for her to
             wear.
                  Angela showed up Monday night in a sweater and jeans.
             As it was fall, she was wearing a couple of layers
             underneath and looked every bit the typical college student.
             I asked her to go to the bathroom and remove the bra but
             leave the rest on as I wanted to start with some cleavage
             shots.  We quickly got to work and I had her unbutton a
             couple buttons on the blouse under the sweater.  I had her
             lean over and shot a couple of shots down her front.  I
             asked her to remove the blouse altogether but to leave the
             sweater on.  When she returned from the bathroom, I shot a
             couple more cleavage shots.  Her nipples looked so cute
             peaking through the tight sweater.
                  I decided it was time to try out some of the things I
             had bought her.  I gave her a tiny red string bikini and
             asked her to change into it.  She laughed when she saw the
             size of it.  Apparently the first session had succeeded in
             getting her over her shyness.  She came down the hall
             wearing just the bikini (she hadn't bothered with the robe).
             As well built as she was, the little pieces of fabric barely
             concealed her charms.  She pirouetted to show of the suit
             (she was really getting into it) and we went right to work.
             Red was a good choice for her.  Unfortunately, as it was
             fall (and she had never worn this bathing suit in her life)
             the light bit of tan she had remaining clashed with the
             white skin exposed by the suit.  I could see pubic hear
             coming out the leg openings of the tight bottom and wondered
             how good of job she had done trimming the hair.  I told her
             that she keep the suit as long as she brought it along when
             ever I asked for it.  She thanked me but said that she
             didn't know if she had the guts to wear it in public.
                  After both cameras were empty for the first time, I
             went to my little bag and pulled out a sheer white teddie
             (very similar to the one Christine had worn).  I also had
             gotten her white stockings and a garter belt to show off
             Angela's nice long legs.  She went down the hall to change
             while I reloaded the cameras.  We were only twenty minutes
             into the session and making good progress.  Angela took a
             little longer (she told me she had to figure out how to use
             garters) but returned wearing the robe.  She quickly shed it
             when she reached the set though and laid down.  The teddie
             was translucent and showed her body well.  After about a
             half roll of film, I had her remove the teddy top and strike
             some more poses.
                  When the first camera ran out of film, I asked her to
             remove the panties.  I could tell that Angela had not done
             much of a job trimming her pubic hair.  After a couple
             shots, I told her it was time to do some spreads (we hadn't
             done anything that risky the first night).  I had her spread
             her knees apart and started to shoot.  I stopped and said to
             her that I was disappointed that she hadn't done a better
             job trimming the hair.  She blushed and apologized.  I
             decided it was time to take a chance.  I told her that she
             would be of little use for me looking like that and that we
             might as well stop now.  Of course I can't pay you for an
             entire session.  She looked downcast and explained that she
             really didn't know what I wanted it to look like.  I told
             her that I would help her out and we could take care of it
             now and continue on with the session.  She seemed hesitant
             but with Thanksgiving and Christmas just around the corner,
             I knew she had the financial incentive.  She agreed and I
             went to the bathroom for some scissors, a razor, baby oil,
             shaving cream and a towel.  I was about to live out another
             one of my fantasies.
                  When I returned to the set, I told her that this little
             operation would make a good series.  So I set her up and
             took a few "before" pictures.  I laid the towel under her
             and reached for the scissors.  I told her I wanted to trim
             her bush to a small rectangle just above her pussy lips
             which I wanted to shave bald.  I told her that this would
             help when she wore the red bikini.  She just nodded and laid
             back.  I start to clip the hair starting at the top and
             working down to her pussy.  I roughed it into the shape I
             wanted and then headed down to the lips.  I snapped a few
             more pictures and started trimming the hair around the lips.
             I was extremely careful as I didn't want to cut her down
             there.  I couldn't believe I was actually getting to do
             this.  I let my hand brush against her cunt.  It was time to
             get the razor out.  I noticed that Angela was being very
             still and had closed her eyes.  I shook the shaving cream
             can and squirted it above her pussy.  I took my hands and
             spread it around the lips down to her anus.  I took the
             razor and started at the top.  The rectangle began to take
             shape.  Then I worked back down to the lips.  I had to put a
             finger inside her cunt to hold the lips so I wouldn't nick
             her.  I heard her inhale deeply as I did so.  I worked that
             finger around cunt as I cleared the remaining hair around
             her pussy.  I worked down to her anus but left the one
             finger in her cunt and worked down a little deeper.  I
             reluctantly removed the finger and took a couple more
             pictures.  Then I took the towel and cleaned up the
             remaining shaving cream from her pussy.  I must admit, I
             thought I had done quite well. A quick couple of picture and
             then I broke out the baby oil.  I told her that it would
             help sooth the  newly shaved skin.  I smoothed it in and
             pushed one finger back in the pussy.  Not meeting any
             resistance.  I poured some more oil around her cunt and
             added a second finger to the first.  I started moving them
             in and out, not making any pretense that I was soothing her
             skin.  Her breathing picked up and her beautiful breasts
             were heaving.  She started a slow whimper that started
             rising in volume.  Finally, she came (I could feel the
             release of more juices even with the baby oil) letting out a
             loud squeal.  I slowed the pace of my fingers and start
             stroking the outside of her pussy.  She opened her eyes  and
             looked around the room as though she were trying to regain
             her bearing.  I took a couple more shots and grabbed a
             mirror.  I asked her if she wanted to look and held the
             mirror between her legs.  She raised up and looked down at
             the mirror.  Her eyes widened and she said that it looked
             "neat".  She tentatively reached down and ran her hand
             through the hair.
                   There was only one other thing that I wanted to
             accomplish during that session.  I reloaded the cameras as
             Angela continued to admire my handy work.  I reached back
             into the bag and pulled out a dildo that I bought for the
             occasion.  After what Angela had just gone through, I hoped
             she was ready to try some herself.  So far, she had mostly
             been passive.
                  I walked back to the set and put the dildo down near
             Angela's leg.  She looked up and put the mirror down when
             she saw the dildo.  It was fairly large (8" X 4.5") and
             pink.  I talked calmly to her and asked her if she was ready
             to do some more shots.  She looked apprehensive but nodded
             her head.  I took the baby oil and spread it on the dildo.
             I handed it to her and she took it tentatively.  I went back
             to my camera and started shooting pictures.  At first, she
             just slid it around her newly cleared pussy.  She finally
             put the tip to her lips and started to slowly insert it.
             After she had put in about three inches, she removed it and
             ran it around her pussy again.  Then she inserted again a
             little more forcefully.  After she had about five inches,
             she started to stroke it slowing in and out.  After about
             three strokes, the low moaning started again.  She was
             pushing more and more of it in with each stroke.  The level
             of noise began to rise as the pace of the stroking
             increased.  It looked like she was getting atleast seven
             inches of the dildo in.  With a loud shriek she pushed the
             whole thing in and left it there.   She must have been
             coming again.  When she reopened her eyes and looked at me
             and she blushed.  She removed the dildo and let it fall to
             the floor.  I had finished both rolls of film so I told her
             that she had done a great job.  She reached over and grabbed
             the robe and put it on.  After she returned from dressing, I
             paid her and showed her some of the pictures from the
             previous shoot.  I made some small talk and asked if she
             would be interested in doing another shoot soon.  She said
             that she would check her schedule but thought she could do
             it the next week.  I asked her if she knew anyone else who
             might be interested in modeling.  She hesitated.  I
             reassured her that I still wanted to use her as a model.
             She said that one of her roommates might be interested.  She
             said that she would check.  Hopefully, I'll have something
             more to write about soon.

--
