Archive-name: Bondage/photog.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Photographer Story, The


         I'm quite the photo buff, and enjoy my own color darkroom with all
    kinds  of  photographic goodies.  I can do all my own  processing,  but
    I've  never been able to get my sexy honey to pose nude for  me.   It's
    always  been  a big fantasy of mine to imagine myself like one  of  the
    professional  photographers  who  shoot for Penthouse  or  Playboy.   I
    finally had my way, though...
         Cindy  likes a little B&D from time to time, and last weekend  she
    was in a particularly hot mood.  She greeted me at the door on Saturday
    after I was out doing some nature shooting, and she was wearing nothing
    but  a sheer little teddy.  She had on mascara and rouge as if she  was
    planning  to go out.  But dressed as she was, I could imagine no  place
    she  could go.  I could see that twinkle in her eye, though.  She  told
    me  that she had been bad.  She had been thinking about being  a  tramp
    and how she would like to be sucking off some man she didn't even know.
    She  said she knew she was bad.  This is usually a sign that she  wants
    to be punished.
         Her  little black teddie was doing wonders for my cock!   It  just
    barely  covered  her breasts, and I could see her pink  nipples  poking
    through  the lacy material.  It hugged her tight little waist, and  its
    high  cut showed off her sexy hips.  The teddie was just a  little  too
    small,  and it was pressed in between her pussy lips, and her soft  red
    pussy hair was showing around the edges.  I knew what she wanted.
         I  took  her by the wrist and pulled her into  the  bedroom.   She
    already  had ropes tied to the four corners of our big brass bed.   She
    had put on fresh satin sheets.  I threw her down on the bed, face down,
    and  sat  on her back and tied her hands to the posts.  Then  I  turned
    around and tied her legs.  Her sexy ass looked so good, and I could see
    her  wetness on her lips.  She moaned as I slipped my finger down  over
    them  and  coated  my finger.  I started to press my  finger  in,  then
    stopped.   Now was my chance to get my camera.  I still had  plenty  of
    film.
         She asked me where I was going as I left the room, but I  wouldn't
    tell her.  I came back, camera in hand, and let her know.  She told  me
    that I didn't dare, but I could see her rub her hips hard into the bed.
    She was turned on by the thought.  I moved behind her, and stood on the
    back  of the bed and snapped the shutter.  Then down close  behind  her
    ass.  I told her to raise her ass, and she protested, so I smacked  her
    lightly on the behind, and she raised up.  Her tight asshole winked  at
    me  and her cunt lips glistened.  I caught the drip that formed on  her
    red  cunt hairs and dripped down onto the bed.  It was all on film.   I
    turned  her  over,  untying  her legs first, then  her  harms,  so  she
    couldn't get loose.
         I dove between her legs to taste those juices that I had caught on
    film, and they were thick and salty.  Her pussy hair was matted, and  I
    undid what was left of her teddy.  It was already pressed to one  side.
    The snaps were all gooey, and my fingers were coated, so I licked  them
    clean.  Now her pussy hair was totally free and it caught the light  so
    beautifully  I had to catch it on film.  In again, her cunt lips  open,
    my  lens inches from her love nest.  She kept pressing her hips  toward
    me,  but  she  couldn't move too far.  Her hands were  tied.   She  was
    moaning for me to please eat her, fuck her, do something!  I just  kept
    clicking  away.  I, too, wanted to fuck, but I didn't know if  I  would
    get a chance like this again.
         Time  for  a new angle.  Untie her.  She was so hard  to  control.
    She started to undress me, and I let her, but only while I prepared the
    next  shot.  I tied two ropes to the legs of the footboard of the  bed,
    and as she started to take my cock into her lovely mouth, I raised  her
    up again and bent her over the footboard.  Quickly, her legs were tied.
    Then  her  hands.   She  was so vulnerable like  this.   This  was  her
    favorite  way when she was horny, she loved to be ravaged.  But  before
    she  was to be taken care of, I had something to take care  of  myself.
    The camera again.  Her pussy and ass were mine.
         She  had taken off her teddy and her breasts hung over  the  satin
    sheets.  All on film.  She writhed, and I caught it.  I played with her
    pussy, and she moaned, and I clicked as I slid a finger into her  cunt.
    I  smeared  her thick come all over the insides of her ass  cheeks  and
    legs, and clicked away.  Fresh film.  I moved in close, and pressed one
    finger,  then  two fingers, into her pussy, and I took  pictures  as  I
    spread  them apart to show her insides.  Then up to her tight  asshold.
    The  tiny  red hairs surrounding it were plastered to her skin  by  her
    juices.   I let the autowinder run as I pressed in.  My forefinger  was
    slippery and once inside I could slide it deeper.  A whole roll of film
    gone.  Get another.
         Cindy  is moaning and I leave her alone.  She begs me to make  her
    come.  More film now.  I slick up my finger again and press it into her
    ass  again.  Now time to try two.  Let the camera go on autowind  as  I
    press in two fingers.  She takes them, and I press them deep.  They  go
    in and out slowly, until she is relaxed.  Then I start to spread  them,
    to  stretch her ass.  Once again, my Olympus is catching it all.   This
    program mode is great!  Her asshole is wide open.  My fingers can slide
    in  easily.   I have five pictures left, so I press my thumb  into  her
    pussy  with 2 fingers in her ass, and finish off the roll  while  doing
    so.
         Now it is time for Cindy's desert.  I put away the camera and take
    my now very hard cock in my hand.  So much come has accumulated at  its
    shiny tip that it has started to run over its head.  I move behind  her
    and press my cock against her pussy, slicking it up even more with  her
    very abundant juices.  I reach up and run my hand over her smooth white
    back  and through her soft red hair.  She is moaning, trying  to  press
    back  into me so that I will enter her.  I follow her arm to her  wrist
    and undo the rope.  Then I undo the other wrist so her hands are  free.
    I  slam  into  her, her hips hitting the hard brass rail  of  the  bed.
    Cindy  grunts out a moan, and her hand instantly goes to her  clit.   I
    feel  her  fingers touch my balls as I slam into her.   When I  put  my
    hands  on her hips, I can pull her onto me, and I can watch as my  cock
    comes out of her and her now-dark pink lips cling to it as I  withdraw.
    Her asshole looks so tight.  She has been holding back so long that she
    starts  to  come.   I  feel her hand rubbing her  pussy  so  fast,  her
    knuckles banging into my balls on each stroke.  Her pussy clenches, and
    almost  cuts me off, and the tightness at the base of my cock sends  me
    over the edge, too.  Cindy is bucking her hips, throwing my rhythm off,
    but  nothing  can stop me now.  I explode inside her, and  she  screams
    that  she  can feel it as I do so.  Her hand is still going as  I  pump
    more and more of my thick come into her.
         It takes awhile for us to come to a stop, but when we finally  do,
    I fall onto her back.  I can feel my come leaking past my cock and  out
    of her pussy.  My cock grows limp and starts to slide out, so we  stand
    up  and  move to the bed where we can lie down side by side.   We  fall
    asleep and two fantasies are fulfilled.
 
--
