Archive-name: 3plus/photofun.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Photo Fun


I'm Lisa and my husband is Michael. We're both in our late 20's.
I suppose you could call us yuppies. Our sex life together is
GREAT and we share our sexual fantasies, acting out as many as
we can but we haven't yet included anyone else in our games.
That's what this fantasy is about.

Mike is a really good ameteur photographer and has taught me
enough to make a decent picture too. We enjoy dressing each
other up and taking sexy photos. We have several photo albums
filled with *VERY* explicit shots of ourselves engaging in a
wide variety of sex acts including bondage, cross-dressing, 
masturbation, domination and the use of various sex toys.

In our fantasy we are entertaining guests, two couples that
have been our best friends since college, it's almost a family
relationship between us. After dinner and quite a few martinis
we were feeling pretty good. Chuck asked me for the pictures 
we took at the Halloween party we attended. Soon we were all
on the floor browsing through the albums and somehow our 
private pictures were discovered. I heard Linda gasp. When I
looked I saw her staring at an 8 x 10 of me, blindfolded and
handcuffed with a large vibrator inside me. I immediately felt
my face flush with embarassment.

There wasn't much to say at this point except to appologize and
explain that we didn't intend for the pictures to be seen by
anyone but us. Mike started to put the naughty books away but
our friends asked if they could see the rest. I looked at Mike
and saw the excitement in his eyes. I reluctanty agreed but
made everybody promise never to tell anyone about our secret.

For the next few hours each picture was examined in minute
detail and our guests were becoming as aroused as Mike and I.
Because the six of us are SO close and comfortable with each
other the embarassment quickly faded as the sexual tension in 
the room increased. 

When Gina found a picture of Mike, dressed in a black satin
teddy, with the outline of his erection clearly visible, she 
was transfixed. The next shot showed him in the same teddy,
lying on his back with me, dressed only in a fur jacket and
jewelery, straddling his face and nuzzling his erection through
the satin. The expression on my face was positively orgasmic and 
I remembered the tingles I felt when the photo was taken.


Gina asked if we would photograph her and Paul. I quickly said
I'd be happy to but Paul wasn't so sure. Gina was disappointed
at her husband's reluctance and suggested that Mike pose with
her to which he aggreed happily. Gina and Mike got into their
position in front of the fireplace and I got the camera ready.
The first few pictures were pretty tame, Mike kissed her neck
from behind as he stroked her breasts through her dress. Then 
his hands foud their way under her dress and soon the dress
came off as did Mike's shirt and pants. Before long Gina got
more active, reaching into my husbands shorts to squeeze his
penis. I continued clicking away.

Paul gave into the thrill and joined the action. He was naked
in seconds. Gina was in heaven with two erections to love. We
all were in a hightened state when Mike took my place behind
the lens. I went to help Gina service her husbands needs. The
feeling was beyond description as the three of us approached
orgasm and the excitement was contagious.

By the time the party broke up nobody was left out. We made 
plans to continue or hobby together. It was so natural to have
sex together. We have loved each other for years and only 
needed the spark to ignite the passion already inside of us.

--
