Archive-name: Affairs/photog03.txt
Archive-author: Ralph Williams
Archive-title: Photographer, The - 3


                           Christine's Return

                  I was at my desk when Christine came by.  She asked
             if I'd like to do another photo session on Saturday.  Not
             being a fool, I quickly agreed.  I called and cancelled a
             shoot with Angela Wednesday night.  It was getting to
             expensive to have her come in every week.  Since I had a
             "free" model in Christine, I decided she could wait
             awhile.  Angela sounded disappointed but I told her I
             would call her the following week and reschedule.
                  Saturday could not come fast enough.  Christine
             showed up wearing a red and white striped blouse and blue
             jeans.  I took her to the basement to see the
             improvements I had made since her last visit.  She seemed
             impressed by the dark room.  As we were making small
             talk, I asked her how her boyfriend was enjoying his
             pictures.  She said that he had discovered some of the
             pictures of her giving me the blowjob (She had only given
             him the more discreet nudes).  He had blown his top and
             now they were history.  She didn't seem particularly
             upset about it.
                  I suggested that we might want to get started.
             Christine excused herself and took her bag to the
             bathroom.  I was looking forward to whatever surprises
             that bag might contain.  I wasn't disappointed.
                  Christine came into the studio dressed in a red see-
             through negligee.  It had been over two months since our
             first session and I forgot how breathtaking her beauty
             was.  Her small breasts, topped by tiny brown nipples
             showed clearly through the negligee.  She had red pumps
             and a matching red garter belt and stocking set on.  We
             quickly went to work.  Christine exhibited no shyness and
             soon the negligee had been removed.  She posed in the red
             stockings and garters.
                  She said that she wanted a break and retreated to
             the bathroom.  She didn't even bother with a robe, her
             naked ass cheeks holding my full attention as she walked
             down the hall.  Christine returned, still wearing the red
             stockings and garter belt.  She paused to sip her wine.
             She picked up one of the photo albums I was working on.
             This particular one had pictures from my sessions with
             Angela.  Her eyes nearly bugged out.  She insisted on
             viewing all the pictures.  She complimented me on my
             finding such a good looking woman to pose.  When she saw
             the pictures of Angela using a dildo, she asked if I
             still had one.  I pulled out the dildo and she took it
             and returned to the set.
                  Soon I was shooting pictures of her sliding the
             plastic toy in and out of her pink slit.  After about ten
             minutes of masturbating with the dildo, Christine looked
             up at me and told me she would rather have the real
             thing.  I took that as an invitation and joined her on
             the set.  Now that her boyfriend was gone, I was going to
             have my opportunity.  His loss would be my gain.  She
             helped me lower my pants and remove my shirt.  We kissed
             and her tongue entered my mouth.  Her hand encircled my
             already erect manhood.  My mouth engulfed her nipple,
             biting and licking first one, then the other.  I tongued
             my way down her flat belly.  She was already quite moist
             when my tongue entered her pussy.  A noise escaped from
             deep in her throat.  She spread her legs farther to allow
             me better access.  I sucked her clit lightly between my
             teeth and she pushed her mound into my face.  Her taste
             was intoxicating.
                  Christine reached for my cock and pulled on it.
             When I lifted my head, she said she wanted it now.  She
             rolled over on her stomach and lifted her ass high in the
             air.  I stepped up behind her and slid the head of my
             cock against her slit.  She yelled at me not to tease as
             she pushed back against me.  I slid the head in and
             pushed.  I was soon in her to the hilt.  She started to
             push back against me and started a rhythm.  I stroked to
             meet her thrusts and soon we were in sync.  I soon
             reached the point of no return.  I felt her muscles
             tightening against me as I shot my wad deep into her.
                  We laid there, joined at the waist, for several
             minutes.  I reluctantly pulled out and Christine rolled
             over on her back.  She smiled up at me and told me to
             take some pictures.  I reached for my camera and captured
             her sweaty cum filled form.  A little of the sperm was
             visible leaking out her pussy lips.  She grabbed the
             dildo and put it against her cunt.  It composed a
             pictures of her beautiful pussy,  leaking sperm that had
             apparently come from a plastic dildo.
                  Christine asked me to arrange to see a photo shoot
             with Angela.  I didn't know how Angela might react to the
             idea but Christine suggested that I introduce her as my
             assistant.  She said she would help load the film and
             move the lights.  I told Christine about the shoot I had
             scheduled for Wednesday.  She said that she would come
             early to help me get ready.
                  Christine said that she needed to clean up.  She
             invited me to join her in the shower.  I soaped her up
             and she returned the favor.  She dropped to her knees and
             took my cock in her mouth.  She was very skilled and I
             soon had another erection.  The hot water was running out
             and I suggested we adjourn to a place where we could be
             more comfortable.  We went to my bedroom.  I asked her to
             sit on my face and soon found myself on my back in the
             bed, looking up at her incredible pussy.  She lowered it
             to my outstretched tongue.  As she rolled on my face, she
             asked me about Angela.  Since I could do little more than
             grunt (besides, its impolite to talk with your mouth
             full), she lifted off my face.  She slid down my stomach
             and lowered her pussy on my rigid pole.  I told her the
             details of the shoots I had with Angela.  We were going
             at a much slower, less frantic pace than before.
             Christine seemed particularly interested in my trimming
             of Angela's pussy (Christine already kept her bush
             trimmed but left hair outlining her pussy).  She said
             that she might let me do it to her someday.  She had been
             picking the pace up slightly.  She seemed to reach and
             orgasm and stopped.  I still hadn't shot.  She pulled off
             me and lowered her head to my belly.  Her mouth engulfed
             my cock and soon she had me shooting down her throat.
                  She dressed and thanked me.  She said that it was
             always exciting to come and visit me.  She told me that
             her ex-boyfriend had less of an appetite then she did and
             tended to be routine in bed.  She kissed me at the door
             as she left.
                  At work on Monday, I invited her out to lunch.  I
             found that she was a fascinating person of many different
             dimensions.  We shared more in common than our lusts.  It
             scared me because I realized I could really fall hard for
             her.  She had made it clear to me that she was just
             looking for a little fun and was not looking for a
             serious relationship so soon.  Also, I doubted that she
             would ever be interested in me as I am sort of plain and
             have six years on her.  In contrast, she is the epitome
             of class and grace and could have her choice of men.  If
             I hadn't discovered her weakness for exhibitionism, I
             doubt that she would even give me more than the time of
             day.
                  Christine invited me out to lunch on Wednesday.  She
             said that she was so excited about the upcoming shoot.
             She even took my hand under the table and slid it under
             her dress.  My hand slid up her thigh and under her
             panties.  She was indeed wet.  She pulled my hand out
             before I could do much more than grope her and said that
             I would have to wait till later.
                  That evening, Christine showed up at seven.  We set
             the lights up and got the equipment ready.  I instructed
             her in changing film and handling the equipment.  I had
             asked Christine to dress conservatively so as not to
             intimidate Angela.  She had worn blue jeans and a
             sweater.  I found a hat and had her put it on so as to
             make it harder for Angela to recognize her from the
             photos I had shown her in the first interview.
                  The door bell sounded and I told her to wait for us.
             I was a little worried how Angela might handle the
             presence of another woman.  I had not called her in
             advance fearing a negative reaction.  I took her coat and
             explained that I had an assistant to help for the
             evening.  She looked at me nervously.  As we entered the
             studio, she actually seemed relieved to see that the
             assistant was a woman.  I explained that Christine was
             just learning to be a photographer and had offered to
             help for some pointers.  I told Angela, that if it was
             alright with her, she would help out and even take some
             pictures.  Angela agreed and went to the bathroom to
             change.
                  I had set out the white teddie for Angela to wear.
             She came back wearing the robe.  I had Christine for some
             light levels and then asked Angela to remove the robe.  I
             took some pictures and spied Christine out of the corner
             of my eye.  She was staring at Angela and I could tell
             she was excited.  I had Angela remove the top half of the
             nightgown and had Christine step forward and take it from
             her.  Christine got a close up view of Angela's large
             tits.  I took a shot and stopped.  I asked Christine to
             get some to use some pink rouge to highlight Angela's
             nipples.  Her hand shook as she used the brush to apply
             the make-up.  Angela's nipple hardened in response to the
             light touch.
                  We shot some more film and I had Angela remove her
             panties.  I was glad to see that she had been keeping the
             hair around her pussy trimmed.  I had Christine change
             film in a camera.  When she returned, I asked her if she
             wanted to take some shots.  I sat back and watched
             Christine pose Angela every which way.  Christine moved
             in for close ups and placed her hands on Angela, moving
             her to the pose she wanted (I had refrained from much
             touching in posing the girls as I didn't want to scare
             them off).  Christine asked me to get the dildo.  I saw
             Angela blush at the mention of the toy.  I handed it to
             her and she hesitantly started to use it.  Christine
             reached down between Angela's spread legs, telling her
             she was doing it all wrong.  Christine took the plastic
             dildo and shoved it fully in Angela's cunt.  Angela let
             out a gasp.  Christine grazed her fingers over Angela's
             pussy as she replaced Angela's hand on the dildo.
             Christine returned to the camera and took some more
             pictures.
                  I suggested a break.  Angela put the robe on and we
             sat and drank some wine.  Christine asked Angela how she
             liked posing and Angela replied that she found it
             exciting.  Christine said she might like to try it some
             day and Angela said that she should.  Having set the
             trap, Christine asked me if she could pose too.  I told
             her that would be a great idea.  Angela looked nervously
             at me like she wanted to leave.
                  Christine moved to the center of the set and pulled
             her sweater off.  She dropped her pants and kicked off
             hers shoes.  She asked Angela if this was how to do it as
             she mugged for the camera.  Her white bra and panties
             soon joined the pile of clothes on the floor.  I looked
             over to see how Angela was taking the show Christine was
             putting on.  Christine said that she was having fun and
             could see why Angela enjoyed it.
                  I suggested that Angela join Christine for some
             pictures together.  I pointed out the contrasts between
             them (blonde vs. brunette, big breasts vs. flat chested)
             would make them good subject matters together.  Angela
             removed the robe and joined Christine naked on the set.
             At first I had them pose in pretty tame poses.  At one
             point.  I had them stand back to back, their asses
             against one another.  I had Christine stand behind Angela
             and fondle her breasts.  Angela looked hesitantly at me
             but allowed Christine to do it.  She even closed her eyes
             as Christine fingers worked on her nipples.  Christine
             was fascinated by Angela's big breasts.
                  At this point, Christine decided to take over and
             reached for the plastic dildo.  She slid it into Angela.
             Angela moaned and Christine worked the pink toy in and
             out of her.  She grabbed at Angela's big breasts.  Angela
             was getting quite vocal.  Christine guided Angela to lay
             down on her back.  She pulled the dildo from Angela's
             pussy and soon her face had replaced it.  Angela shook
             her head back and forth, her hands intertwined in
             Christine's hair.  She shouted that she was cumming.
             Christine slowed her pace and then kissed her way up
             Angela's stomach.  She spent a good deal of time on each
             tit.  Finally, she reached Angela's mouth.  Angela
             hesitated, I don't know if she was reluctant because as
             she later told us, that she had never been with a woman,
             or, that Christine's face was covered with her own
             juices.
                  Now that Christine had joined the shoot, I had to
             change the film in my cameras myself.  I returned to find
             the girls sixty-nining.  Christine was on top with Angela
             underneath with her face buried in pussy.  I wondered if
             they even knew I had left.  I shot away, shooting close-
             ups of first one girl with her face in the pussy of the
             other, and then the other one.  I saw Christine tense
             like she did when she came, then she returned to tonguing
             Angela's cunt.  Five minutes later, Angela was moaning
             loudly once again and had stopped sucking Christine.
                  Christine pulled her head up and asked me to fuck
             her.  I quickly dropped the camera and my pants and came
             up behind her.  She had lowered her head back and was
             kissing Angela's pussy furiously.  I entered Christine's
             very wet cunt, my balls hanging down in Angela's face.
             Angela tongued them occasionally but was to caught up in
             her own pleasure.  I leaned over Christine's and watched
             her sucking Angela's cunt.  I was getting close and so
             was Christine.  Angela was already cumming loudly.
             Christine pulled her face from between her thighs and
             told me to pull out and come over Angela's face.  I
             didn't have time to ask Angela and I'm not sure she was
             in any state to answer.  I pulled out of Christine's
             tight cunt.  She quickly spun around as I started to
             shoot all over Angela's face and chest.  Christine was
             licking the sperm up before I had even stopped spurting.
                  Christine continued to lick Angela's face and chest
             while I caught my breath.  Christine took the plastic
             dildo in her hand and pushed in Angela's pussy.  Angela
             was soon moaning again.  Christine pulled the dildo from
             Angela's cunt.  Angela looked up to Christine
             disappointed and moaned "please".  Christine slid two
             fingers in and stroked them in and out.  She pulled me to
             her side and replaced her hand with mine.  Her cunt felt
             so tight.  I removed my left hand and replaced it with my
             right.  I sucked the juices off my left hand.  She tasted
             marvelous.
                  Christine had moved over Angela's head and was
             lowering her pussy on her face.  I heard Christine tell
             Angela that she hoped that she would do a better job of
             concentrating on sucking than she had before.  I decided
             to make the job more difficult for Angela so I lowered my
             head down to her beautiful shaven pussy.  I sucked her
             slowly and patiently, not wanting to deny Christine her
             dues.  Angela tasted sweet and her pussy already was a
             swamp of juices from the earlier workout.  I heard Angela
             start moaning and slowed the pace even more.  I could
             tell Christine was enjoying her ride on Angela's face.
             She shook and I was fairly certain that Christine had
             cum.  I decided it was time to forgo courtesy and dived
             in full force.  Angela was soon moaning loudly, still
             trying to work on Christine's cunt.  I rose up and
             entered Angela swiftly.  She was extremely tight but also
             extremely ready.  I stroked my cock in her and she moaned
             louder.  We fucked furiously for ten minutes before I
             could not hold back any longer.  I came deep in her
             pussy.
                  After I withdrew, Christine dived onto Angela's cunt
             and licked her clean.  She then did the same for cock.
             We took a breather and I poured drinks for everyone.
             Angela confessed that this was her first experience with
             a women and the first time for more than one partner.
             Christine admitted that she had previous lesbian
             experiences with a roommate in college but hadn't done
             anything in the past six years.  She told Angela about
             her previous modeling for me and we showed her some of
             the pictures.  Angela said that she had really enjoyed
             the experience but was ready to go home.  She dressed and
             I saw her to the door.  She reluctantly took the money,
             only after I convinced her that it was for her modeling.
             She said she did not want to become a prostitute.  I
             asked her if she would consider posing for us again.  She
             said that she had a lot of things to think about but that
             she might.
                  I found Christine in the shower when I returned to
             the basement.  I decided to give her a little time to
             herself and proceeded to turn the lights in the studio
             off and put away my equipment.  I was just finishing
             unloading the film from the last camera when Christine
             emerged from the bathroom wearing the robe.  She kissed
             me and asked me if it was alright for her to stay over
             (she had brought clothes for work).  I certainly wouldn't
             turn down such a fine offer.  We adjourned to the
             upstairs and I fixed us a light snack.  We talked for
             hours.  I was really feeling close to her and think that
             she was feeling the same way.
                  Reluctantly, we retired to the bedroom.  We made
             slow passionate love, unlike the mad animal like way we
             had done before.  It was the first time we utilized the
             missionary position.  It was very intimate and tender.
                  Afterwards, we dozed off.  The alarm sounded very
             early in the morning (considering the late hour we had
             been up to).  It was nice to awake to the sight of
             Christine draped naked over me.  Unfortunately, work
             awaited us that morning so there was no time for other
             things.  We dressed and headed off to work.  Christine
             went into work and I waited a discreet time before
             following her.

--
