                          The Piano Teacher

Julie walked over to their house at seven o'clock, as usual, just after
dinner. Her next door neighboor, Dr. Michelle Stevens, was a
physician at the local hospital, and had moved in to the neighborhood
only recently.  Michelle was still trying to put her life back in order
following her recent divorce, and had talked to Julie about watching
over her young daughter, Annette, while she worked extended shifts
at the hospital.

This seemed like an ideal arrangement to Michelle, because Julie was
a piano instructor, and could give Annette lessons for an hour or two
before she had to be put to bed. Annette loved the piano, and got
very excited when she first heard that Julie from next door was
going to come over and teach her to play. At the same time, Julie was
a musician and needed the money pretty badly, and seemed to
welcome the company of an enthusiastic little girl who also enjoyed
music.

Their routine had become pretty much established since they started
this arrangement about a month ago: Michelle would take a break
from her afternoon shift to pick up Annette at school, take her home
and have dinner, before Julie would show up around seven for the
piano lessons. Then Michelle would go back to work until her shift
ended at midnight. Meanwhile, Julie would have put Annette to bed
around eight-thirty, and would have the rest of the evening to
herself, reading or practicing the piano or composing some music she
had been working on lately.

"Hi, Michelle!"

"Hi, Julie! Come on in."

Michelle studied Julie as she walked into the house. She was of
medium height, and had what one would call "classical" features --
curved hips, narrow waist, soft, rounded breasts -- one would almost
say "Rubinesque", but not excessively so. Her face had a rather
Victorian look to them: large smiling brown eyes, rosy cheeks and
full sensuous lips. She wore a while cotton schoolgirl blouse, tucked
into a knee-length white cotton skirt with a narrow waist. About the
only thing unclassical about her was her hair, which was a rich dark
brown in color, cut in a longish pageboy style.

Julie came in and sat down on the couch. She smiled over at Michelle.

"How's our next winner of the Van Cliburn competition doing ?"

"Just fine -- she's finishing up brushing her teeth right now.
Annette!  Julie's here!" A small voice could be heard, yelling
something, and the sound of objects being dropped in a bathroom
sink, came from the back of the house. Michelle looked down the hall.
"Annette!...Well, I can't wait up for her -- I'm running late as it is!
See you all tonight!" Michelle briskly walked out the door and down
the sidewalk to her car. Just then Julie heard light footsteps running
down the hall.

"Hi Julie!"

Julie watched as Annette came running excitedly into into the room.
Annette was almost seven years old, though she still exhibited the
spontaneous excitement that many children have lost, even by that
age. She was wearing a light pink dress with a white "Alice in
Wonderland" style apron tied around it, and her long golden hair
streamed behind her as she flung herself wildly up onto the couch.

"Wheee!" Annette crawled up into Julie's lap, threw her arms around
her neck, and gave her a great big hug. "What are we going to play
tonight ? Can we play Claire de Lune again? I love Debussy! Can we?"
Julie looked down into Annette's wide, intelligent blue eyes and felt
herself drawn into the infectious excitement of Annette's little world,
where everything is new and there is nothing to be afraid of.

Just once, she thought, she would like to be like that again,
spontaneous, no fears, no controls... maybe that's what my own music
is missing. Julie returned Annette's hug, and felt the gentle brush of
Annette's almost weightless body against the nipples of her breasts,
which briefly began to respond and then subside again. She felt a
subtle stirring of emotion and a slight shortness of breath, but the
feeling vanished before she could grasp its nature. Julie lifted
Annette out of her lap, plopped her down to the floor, and the two of
them walked over to the piano to begin their work on Claire de Lune.

Why were there so few woman composers, she thought. Most of the
images of women in classical music are seen/heard through the
eyes/ears of men; Claire de Lune, Girl with the Flaxen Hair, Carmen,
Brunhilde. What I want is to create my own sound, what it _sounds_
like to be a woman, or a girl.

They had been working on the Debussy pieces for several days, now,
and it seemed like Annette had become enraptured, almost obsessed,
with some of the sounds and colors of the music. She described one
musical phrase as "like a kitten rolling into a ball to sleep" and
another as "red thunder".  They were working on the last bit of Clair
de Lune when the phone rang.

(end of part 1)


                    The Piano Teacher (part 2 of 3)



"Hello, Julie? it's Michelle."

"Oh, hi, Michelle. Is anything wrong?"

"Not wrong, really, but my replacement for the next shift is sick, and
it looks like I might have to work here through the morning. I was
wondering if you would be willing to stay with Annette overnight, at
least until I get back tomorrow morning? I'll pay you for your time,
of course..."

"Are you sure you can't find someone else to fill in for you?"

"No... a lot of the other doctors are away on vacation right now.
Could you do it?"

"Sure -- I don't see any problem with it.. I don't have to be anywhere
tomorrow until the afternoon."

"Thanks. Feel free to have the run of the place; there's some towels in
the closet next to the kitchen, and I just put new sheets on my bed.

"Okay. Thanks."

"Could I speak to Annette, please? I want to explain all this to her."

"Sure thing.... Annette ! You mom's on the phone"

Annette took the phone from Julie and talked to her mother, saying
"Uh-huh... fine.... okay... alright..... no!..... okay... okay, mom, see you
tomorrow !" She hung up the phone and said "mom says for me to be
real good and to do whatever you say."

"Well, in that case, the first thing is to finish up Clair de Lune!"

"Okay!"

After they had finished their piano lessons for the night, Julie took
Annette's hand and led her off to her little bedroom. First, she
propped Annette up on her bed and removed her shoes. Then she
untied Annette's little apron and unbuttoned the dress and pulled it
up and off Annette's body. Finally, she stood Annette back up and
knelt down in front of her and gently pulled down Annettes white
cotton panties. As she did so her hands brushed against Annettes
little bottom, and she briefly noticed her own breath stopping short
for a moment. At the same time she saw Annette's legs squeeze
together a little tighter as she looked down innocently right into
Julie's eyes. She put Annette into her night dress, and tied the
ribbons into a bow around her waist. Then she picked her up, and
put her to bed.

"Good night Julie"

"Good night, Annette. Sleep tight."

She looked back at Annette, already snuggled under the covers, half-
asleep. That's how I want to feel, she thought. She went out to
Michelle's bedroom, and after looking through the drawers found a
small white nightgown. She took off her clothes and pulled the little
nightgown over her head. She then locked up the house, went to
Michelle's bedroom, and jumped under the covers. She was thinking
about Debussy as she fell asleep.

Julie slowly awoke to a very strange, beautiful sound. It was strange,
because she had never heard music like it before, but also beautiful,
because it had _that_ sound... a soft-yet-hard, gentle, feminine sound.
She really wasn't even sure that it was music at first, because it had
none of the fixed angular rhythms of familiar music, yet it _flowed_,
and was cyclical, yet the cycles changed and became something else
again. She found herself entranced by the sound, yet it sounded so
familiar.  She got out of bed and began to walk out towards the
music.

As she walked, she noticed on the edge of her vision that the clock
read eleven PM, but forgot about it as she approach the living room.
As she peeked around the corner, there was Annette, sitting on the
piano bench, playing this wonderful music, seemingly
extemporaneously.  Annette did not seem totally awake either, as if
she was playing in her sleep. Indeed, Julie wasn't sure if this wasn't
her own dream, and that she was still asleep in her own bed. She
continued to hide behind the corner and listen.

As she listened, the music seemed to be laughter, but not just
laughter, also crying and silliness and a blend of feelings of such
intensity that she had forgotten she had had, once, when very young.
She walked up to the piano, sat down and watched Annette play. As
she played, Julie began to improvise her own additions, which made
Annette laugh, and look up at Julie with happy, eager eyes. Their
hands and arms ran up and down the length of the piano, dancing,
playing games, and laughing. The skin of Annette's arm would brush
up against her own and then sometimes Annette's fingers would go
from a progression on the keyboard to a walking motion on Julie's
arm, down her breasts, and then back to the piano again. As this
happened, Julie began to feel that sense of excitement she vaguely
felt earlier that evening, but she couldn't remember when or where.
Eventually, they played a finale to their musical piece, that was so
happy and funny and energetic, that they both fell off of the piano
stool, laughing and giggling. Tired and both now very sleepy, Julie
took Annette's hand and walked with her back to Annette's little
room.

But this time, just as she was about to leave, Annette held on to her
arm and asked her to stay a while. Julie was feeling tired, but a light,
very light playfulness overcame her, and she jumped into the little
bed with Annette, and snuggled down under the covers with her, as
they giggled and whispered little jokes. Eventually, Annette cuddled
up next to Julie, layed her head down on Julie's breasts and started
falling asleep. As she did, her hand brushed against Julie's nipple,
which began to become stiff and erect. But now, instead of feeling
breathless, Julie giggled slightly, cooed, and gently stroked Annette's
golden Blonde curls. Annette's head turned ever so slightly, and
Julie's nipple, sheathed in her nightgown, popped naturally into
Annette's open mouth, which began instinctively to suck, right
through the cotton cloth.

(end part 2)

          The Piano Teacher (part 3 of 3)


Julie briefly pulled Annette' mouth from her breast, inched her own
nightgown up and over her head, and brought Annette's mouth back
to her breast.  As Annette sucked on her nipple, Julie began to run
her hand through Annette's hair, over and over, finally letting her
hand run down Annette's back to rest on the hem of her little
nightdress. Gently, she began to pull up the cloth of Annette's dress,
feeling the soft, smooth skin of the back of Annette's thigh, until it
came to rest on the round of her little bottom. As Julie began running
the palm of her hand around and around Annette's bottom, they both
began to giggle and whisper.

Julie lifted Annette's head slightly and brought it down again on her
other breast, where Annette once again began sucking hungrily. They
did this several more times, and on the third time when Julie lifted
Annette's head up, she looked down at the little girl's big blue eyes
and brought her lips down to Annette's and began to kiss them, first
on the outside, and then gradually allowed her tongue to slip in
between the little girl's lips. Annette liked this game, and began once
again to start sucking on Julie's tongue, then sticking out her own
tongue and letting Julie suck on it.

Julie now had Annette lying directly on top of her, between her
breasts. While Julie was kissing Annette, she would run both her
hands down between Annette's thighs, and would gently, very
gently, spread them apart and lightly drag the very tips of her
fingernails along the inside of her thighs, which would make Annette
sigh ever so slightly and spread her little legs even further apart.
Julie could feel Annette rubbing her little pubic bone against Julies
abdomen, and finally began bringing her fingers right down between
Annette's legs and lightly stroking her little pussy. Annette breathed
in a quick little gasp, then a sigh, and set back to sucking vigorously
on Julies firm nipples.

Finally, Julie lifted Annette up, gingerly undid the little ribbons
round Annette's waist, pulling her little nightdresss off, and gave her
some perfumed oil to spread on Julie's breasts. This seemed like a
wonderful game to Annette, who ran her little slippery hands all
over Julie's body. Julie lifted her up slightly and had Annette spread
her legs and crouch down over Julies mouth, resting her little pussy
right up against her tongue, as she continued to run the oil over
Julies breasts. Julie quickly began sucking on Annette's pussy,
making her alternately sigh and giggle as Annette squeezed Julie's
slippery nipples.

Annette began sliding all around on top of Julies body, allowing her
pussy to alternative slip back-and-forth over Julies nipples, until she
slid down and first kissed Julie's navel, then down further and began
running her hands over Julie's freshly shaved pussy. Finally, urged
on by Julie's own example, Annette lowered her pouting lips down
onto Julie wet pink pussy and began sucking excitedly!

At long last, Julie became so excited that she couldn't control herself
any further. She poured a handful of the oil onto her hand spread it
all over Annette's pussy, then lied flat on her back with her legs bent
and spread apart, pulled Annette up and had her wrap her little legs
around each side of Julie's right thigh, and sit down between her legs,
resting with her little pussy pressed right up against Julies. With
Julie's encouragement, Annette began to play "horsie", sliding her
pussy around and around and bouncing it up and down against Julies
own pussy, which was now red and wet and in full blossom. Annette
herself was now getting visibly excited and was grinding around and
around with wild, free abandon. Julie brought her finger up to
Annette's mouth, which took it in and began sucking vigorously.
Finally, when Julie knew that one more move would throw her over
the brink, she felt Annette's teeth bite into her index finger, and with
a little squeal and the sound of Annette giggling and crying and
laughing at the same time, Julie suddenly felt the white heat rising
up through her own body, and then looking down at this small body
writhing in pleasure between her legs, she came and came and came
until there was nothing left, nothing more that she would ever want,
ever.

She put her nightgown back on, left Annette's bedroom, and went
back to sleep in Michelle's bedroom, the sounds of a new kind of
music echoing in her ear.

The next morning she was awakened by the smell of sausages and
scrambled eggs being made. She went out and saw that Michelle had
already gotten back, and was fixing breakfast for Annette, who
looked over sweetly at her and said, "Hi, Julie!"

Julie suddenly realized that she wasn't sure whether what happened
last night was a dream or not. She sat down with them, ate breakfast,
and didn't contribute much to the conversation. She did, however,
occasionally look out of the corner of her eye at Annette, to see any
evidence of the reality of her memory. Nothing. And now, she
couldn't for the life of her remember any of the music that
mesmerized her last night and was the start of it all. Not a single
note. What did it all mean?

She bade farewell to Michelle, and kissed good-bye to Annette (on
the cheek), again with no noticeable reaction, and then left the house,
walking down the sidewalk back to her home. And as she put her
key into the lock of her own door, she could hear down the street,
very faintly, the sounds of Annette playing the piano. And they were
unlike anything she had ever heard before, strange, but beautiful.......

THE END.
