Vol I.  No. 4       "What Wicked Land"

   The Sacred Order of

   :::::::                                              
   :     ::                                             
   :    :      ::::   ::::      :::   ::       ::::     
   ====   ==  =       == ==   ==   =  =====    == ==    
   ==     ==  =      ==   ==  ==      ==  ==  ==   ==   
   ==     ==   ====  ==   ==  ==      ==  ==  ==   ==      


Chapter 1

 I awoke with the golden sun shining bright in my eyes.  The familiar
striped pattern of light those blinds made still let too much light
in.  I was going to reach up and close them, but didn't want to disturb
this beauty beneath the covers beside me.  What time was it?  VCR flashing
"12:00."  I almost lept up, then chuckled to myself.   Hell, I figured
it couldn't be later than seven am.

 The morning news was silently playing on the television set so I made
the little green bars march across the screen with the remote.

 The chick at the local station had a very nice face.  No chest to
speak of tho.

 "In other related news, Police are saying that business executive 
  Ron Peterson, his girlfriend a co-worker and perhaps as many as
  four other people were killed when the house they were in exploded.
  It is not clear at this time if a murder-suicide pact played any
  role.  

   This caps an odd week of violence in which saleswoman Judy Erickson 
  and mall shopper Guy Rodgers died from heart attacks directly linked 
  to spontaneous orgasims.  Medical science has been unable to explain 
  how the-"


 That was enough of that sort of news.  I tuned the TV to a radio
station.


 ". . . And so in the final analysis what can we say of a country
  where people are so bombarded with images of sex that they
  up and die from orgasmic attacks?  Regular exercise is the cure
  for some who suffer heart attacks -- will regular sex be the cure
  for victims of this latest scurge?  Dr. Robell Hodge of Saint
  Mary's hospital in Detroit says that "Yes." we can expect that
  the only solution to this problem is to perform regular and
  stimulating sex.  Regardless of age.  So if you are old, it might
  be a good idea to polish your boots. . . and do some knocking.
  Heh.       And _now_ you know the rest. . . of the story."


 The shapely warm body beside me was already starting to turn me on again.
I'd picked her up on the side of the road.  She was sitting at a bus stop
the previous cold morning.   She had been wearing a red mini and small black 
leather jacket.  No stockings.  I gather she never wore stockings.  
She didn't need to.  She had the sexiest, most developed and perfect legs 
imaginable.  And that ass of hers just would not quit!  I could just see it 
bent over some office desk as a fat supervisor sweated away his lunch hour 
with shirt tails swaying; doing a little bit of employee evaluation.

 I offered her a ride and wasn't too surprised when she fell for my
Boy's Scout's smile and polite manners.  The rough beard I was growing
at the time may even have turned her on some.  I Came to find out that
she was divorced and had a two year old kid.

 I wouldn't of guessed it, with her body.  She was short, just like
I like em'.  Her jugs were enormous and very well defined.  The
only thing that wasn't perfect was her snow white skin.  My first choice
would  have been something in the golden tan department -- naturally tan 
that is.  Like Jenny.  But every man must know his limits.  And man,
I had to have this babe.

 The naked back of my guest was ivory clean and delicate against the
cool silk sheets.  The bed was of fine ebony and detailed in gold.
We were in a large suite of a Portland hotel.   I had told the clerk
to get me something with thick walls or atleast lots of room, as
my date was a bit of a screamer.  the clerk was a young lad.  Probably
no more than 19.  He had smiled lighty and made no attempt to hide his 
intrest as he scoped her out with his eyes.

Now as I slid my hand across her well toned back, images of the night before 
came flooding back. . .

 Her mouth had hung open in anguish and pleasure as her tits bounced
up and down violently.  She had rode me like a wild cowboy, dripping,
drooling, sweating all over my body.  Her incedibly sexy ordor had flowed
over me in waves, turning my bursting iron-hard cock into a fiery sword.

Damn.  She was a good lay.  She wasn't into anything simple folk call
"kinky", however.  There had even been that flat refusal when I'd shoved 
my dick at her face.  That was an ackward moment.   I hadn't had anything 
from her but straight sex.  And the only reason she made it to my bed was 
because of that incredibly tight and developed, rounded, juicy, firm ass.  
Ah. To taste that would be so. . .  so.  Ah, what the hell.

 I slid my hand under the covers and felt for the band around her panties.
Jeez.  Those things were on tight.   She moaned in her sleep as I slipped 
them down to her knees.  I knew just how to get what I wanted.  My middle 
finger slipped into her tight asshole without much effort.  It was hot
and sticky in there.  I left it there for a minute.  

She was still sound asleep.

Slowly I began jacking it in there, until she was good and wet.  Then from 
behind I cupped one of her breast in my hand and began to massage the nipple 
with the tips of my fingers.  She started to stir with a smile on her
lips.

 I knew she was awake as I pressed the head of my pre-cum dripping cock 
against that tight backdoor.  

"This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you. . .",
I said evenly.  Oh, what I would have given to laugh in sinsiter glee
right then.

She gasped and and tensed her arms as she fought for some support.
Suppose she wanted to turn over and face me or something.  Didn't
she know Daddy was trying to teach her something?

 It took little effort to keep her down with one arm while I squeazed
her waist for more leverage with my lower hand.  I started pressing
up into her.

 "Ugggh. . .  Ugggh. . .  OH.  AHHHH.   It hurts. . .", she started
whimpering before I'd even made one complete thrust.  The bitch
was crying and I hadn't even gotten 1/3 of my cock in.  Screw-it,
try to be a nice guy and look what it gets you. . .  I turned her
completely over face down, and pulled a pillow down beneath her ass.  
Soon I had all of my weight on her back as I burned my way into her
amazingly tight ass.

 She started screaming into the sheets that were clutched in her
hands as I stuffed her ass full of my brick hard meat.

 Her cries were getting loud, but I wasn't worried.  An expensive floor
like this would be full of guest who had nothing better to do but mind
their own business or get horny listening to the neighbors.

As the going got easier and my hips slapped into her thick buttocks
with a wet squishing sound I settled into a slow regular pace and
her moans of pain became cries of pleasure.  It was in that same husky
voice she used the night before when I'd made her cum three times
without resting.

 "Oh my God!  EEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH  OH! . . . OH!  Eooooh!", she
cried.

 I didn't have to hold her down.  Now she was bucking her ass back
towards me.  Soon she was bringing her knees together, trying to
raise her ass towards me so I could bury more of my warm cock into
that greedy tunnel.  I allowed it.  The sight of her wide, perfect
ass arched up towards me from her beautiful back was almost as good
as the ample sway of her breast and the banging noise her head made
as it struck the headboard.

 She was gasping and panting all sorts of things when she started chanting,
 "Faaaa-    Faaaa-   Faaaaa- "

 Yes.  Faaaa?

 "EOOOUUUU  FAAA   FAAUCKING FANTASTIC!", she screamed in a god almighty
 genuine roar of raw sexual delight.

 I stopped abruptly and pulled out.

 "OH! oh?!?",  she finished startled.  

 "Don't stop!", she hissed.  

 "You can beg better than that.", 

 Any mere man would have needed to cum right then, but the Order had given
me a few mental tools.  And quite frankly the climax isn't important unless 
its part of a sacred ritual.  I could wait.

 She didn't say anything.  I climbed down from the bed and began to
walk towards the chair where my clothes were strewn.


  "Bastard!"   

  "What bitch!?"  

  Anger rose up within me.  I could have stopped it there and then,
  as plurality of personality and omni-mindedness is a basic
  tenant of Picarna phillosophy -- but I opted for having a little
  fun and starting spitting pure rage.

  "I bet you're some liberal arts teacher!  Some feminazi slut who
   thought she'd leave men alone forever.  Right?  I bet you
   have some woman back at your place right now!   And you call
   yourself a mother!?   Hell I bet you even thought you were
   using me for sex last night. . .  because maybe your girlfriend 
   lost the dildo. . .  Well you fucked with the wrong guy bitch!"

 I turned my back to her and wrapped my fingers about the belt buckle
on the chair.  It was a large silver buckle with wide black leather
strap.  There was a hissing sound as I whiped the belt from the
pants and turned on her.   Whissssss *Swat!*    Whisssss *Swat!*
She started screaming and clawing at the bed covers as I beat her
legs and ass raw.

 Now I knew I'd gone too far -- atleast too far for the common
folk to understand.  I'd just have to make sure she didn't
leave until I had complete control of her.  There are other ways
to start the control process.  But knowing which is best in any
given case is what the Order taught me best.  And this ho' needed
a stiff bashing.

 "Say your name when I strike you bitch!"

 The shock of this must have been too much for her.  She just eyed me
with fear and shaking hand.  I started shaking my head to let her know
she was doing something wrong.


 "You cant just- ", she began.

 *Wrhillllll* SWAT!

 "Oweeee.  That hurts.  Ohhhhhhh", she wailed.

 "Say your name!"

 "Sheila- "  Whisssss *Swat!* 

 "Say you are my slave!"

 "I am your slave!" 

 "No. No. No.  Thats all wrong.  Wrong bitch!  Wrong!  Who' slave?"

 "Sheila is your slave!"     Whisssss *Swat*   Whisssss *Swat*

 "Whats my name bitch!?"

 "Dave!"

 My new name.  I liked the sound of it.  Dave Heck.  Simple and
rather bland.  With just a touch of oddness.

 "I am master to you bitch!"   Whissss *POP*   Whisssssh *SAAAPOW!*

 Man I love the popping sound that good thick leather can make when
 it strikes bare flesh.  Nothing like it.  Almost enough to make a
 man sing a few "Raw Hide" stanzas.
 
 Sure, my overall motive was to gain control over her body and mind.
 But the temple masters never said one shouldn't enjoy this "bonding"
 process, as they were so fond of calling it.
 
 She was a crying, shaking heap now.  Mucous and tears were running
 down her face carrying some disgusting snot suds.

 "Sheila is master's slave!"

 "Hmmmmm."

 Whisssss *Slap* *Swampt*  *Slap!*

 "Try again."

 "Sheila is Dave's slave, master!"

 Yes.  I smiled.  I was proud of her.  There was a chance she would
fit in.  Its too bad I started laughing as my next blows landed,
probably would have been more force in them otherwise.  But soon
I was throwing my whole back into the effort.

 When my wrist became soar I stopped.  The bitch was out of it
anyhow.  I fetched a glass of water from the bathroom and used
it to revive her.
 
 She awoke to the sight of my well hung dick in her face and
this time she didn't say no. 

 I made her lick all the soiled goo from it and swallow several
times.  She looked dazed and humble.  Perfect in short.

 
                            -oOo-


Chapter 2

 Sheila left the hotel a few hours later, a bit more respectful and
with a new hunger between her legs.  I watched her small form, so
many floors below me from the suite balcony.  Her fellow passengers
must of wondered why she refused to sit down on the nearly empty
bus.  She stood holding onto one of the rails.  I don't know quite 
what she did when she got home.  Couldn't sit with the welts I'd thread 
into her rump.  

 I knew exactly where she lived.  I made her leave her driver's
license with me.  I even had a picture of her kid.  A cute
little girl with thick flowing hair.  I'd leave her kid alone.
If I could.   But Sheila and I. . .  We'd only just begun.

 As a head exec of a major national company I had been able to take
days off from work without explanation.  My staff could handle most 
of the work and if anyone dropped by my office they'd be told I 
was in conference with someone more important.  Or something like that.
But now.  Now I was mostly alone, in a new town.  I would have to
acquire some servants.  A stable of sweet young ponies to help
me complete my graduate studies.  

 There was that 4 year limit the temple placed on our graduate studies
that always stayed in the back of my mind.  True.  I was just a year
out, but 20 odd levels to go.  And some of those were not trivial.
Not trivial at all.

 I searched for women and new places in my cars.  The mustang
I loved, but it had to be left north of the river following that
Kaljel business.  

A good car, well driven was the best way to pickup the sort of gals
I needed.  The lonely, the adventures.  The fools who believe that 
there is such a thing as Prince Charming.  

 Overtime the driving became fun in and of itself.  High speeds,
daring races.  All of it I treated almost as important as the
temple levels.

 So I thought almost nothing of it as I whiped around the roads in my
shiny black spider convertable.  I recall thinking, what a sad man it 
must be who actually heeds those little "20 mph" signs on tight winding 
roads.

This day I was driving and after a couple of hours of playing with the wind,
road and trucks I found myself after dark out past the Paulina mountains.
Many hours southeast of the Portland area.  It was raining and here 
I was in a manual convertable whose top was a couple hundred miles away.

                            -oOo-


Chapter 3


 A splatter of blood coated the cracked interior of the car window as 
the driver's head slumped forward and down.  The car horn begin its 
unendning scream like a fat opera singer.  The tree which the little 
german car was nearly cleaved in-two by looked no worse for the ware.
Out in the dark, on a rain soaked poorly serviced road it isn't wise
to travel too fast.  Especially around a sharp bend in the road.
That is, if one isn't running from something.  But what had this
poor devil been fleeing from?  

 I asked myself that question as I opened the driver's door and
pulled his lifeless shoulders away from the horn.  His head
was hideously deformed near one temple.  Great clumps of hanging
grey stuff mixed with deep, almost coffee black blood.  The thing
kinda whiped to one side along with his head, slinging warm blood and
who knows what other juices onto my shirt.  The way his head bobbed
for a moment almost made it look like the dead was trying to nod
in answer to a question from the living.  But the jerking action
was all wrong.  With the horn silenced I could think clearer.

 What had brought him to this dark, desolate place?  I had just seen
the sparks and heard the collison by chance from over on the highway
almost a mile away.  He must have been going over a hundred miles
per hour -- the fool.  Hmmm.  Nothing in his pockets.  Nothing
in the glove compartment.  Thats odd.  One would expect to find
some trinket there.  Ahh.  I'd found a small piece of torn paper.
It was hard to read in the darkness. I would wait for one of the
occasional flashes of lightning. . .

 The note was a map with directions to someplace called --

"We can take you there.", said a sexy, dry voice.

"What the --- . . .", I hesitated.

That girl.  She wasn't there a momment before.  She was a six foot tall 
blonde with full red lips and a dark plastic raincoat.  Her face was
a very dull - some would say "pasty" white.  

"We'd better get some help-", I began only to be interrupted.

"He's dead.", she said flatly.  Her lips were a bright red contrast
against her milk white flesh.  There was almost a smile on her face. . . .

"How can you be certain?", I asked, not entirely convinced.

She never did answer that question, and of course thats
a bit supicous in and of itself.  But there is something about
a well-rounded ass and tight dark clothing on a babe that can
make me forget all caution.  So if you can, picture this:
Me following blindly through the wind and rain behind this
stunning amazon goddess through the mud and darkness, having
left my car ajar with engine idling and lights on.

After a few minutes it became clear that I was lost without this
beauty.  She was breaking away from me.  Must've been a good 20
yards ahead when she was lost from my view.  But there, directly
ahead was obviously the focus of our trek;  A few glowing circles
of squared light against a somewhat darker patch of sky.  Some
house or structure.  Farly high up by the look of it.

I was starting to notice my cold and hunger then.  Sure.  I could
surpress it with a few concentrated meditation rituals, but one
must be still to do that.  And I would much rather find out where
that sexy wonder had gone off to.  So with these muddled thoughts
swirling about within me, I came upon the nearly virtical face
of some cliff.  There were no steps or other obvious means of
entry.  Just some exposed roots and lots of wet vines.  

Climbing up that wall would have given most mortal men pause, but
I was in excellent condition and barely broke a sweat.   The whole
cliff was like mashed potatoes with brockley hidden within.  Rain
ran down through the muddy ruins like golden butter.  

Atop this cliff, this sliding hill, stood the most gothic castle
I've ever seen.  It was constructed of huge stone blocks atleast
five times larger than any I'd ever seen back home.  The front
door was open, becokining like some lewdly open mouth on the
face of a great whore.

Where had the girl gone?  At this point my mind melded into
the place between all others.  It touched and danced with the
spirits of my masters and I understood once more.

"Master, What does it mean when a gift is given?",
my childish voice said oh, so many years ago.

Words of wisdom came from my master's mind in that way of speaking
he used that needed none of the mortal vocalization,

"Nim, he that gives cannot truly offer.  And he that offers does
 not ever completely give.  This thing you call a gift is more
 rightly named a payment."

The sun overhead in those days seemed to move a full 30 degrees
as he spoke these next few words.  But I was not impatient.  It
was the master giving his word.  And what else matters?

His deliberate and slow pronounciation was poetic and soaked in
meaning,

"It is not for one to ask what a gift means.  It is for a gift
 to be and a giver to believe that his is needed.  Else it
 is not an gift but a payment.  Nim, see that you never pay
 your enemeies and always give gifts of meaning to those your
 friends.  Thus it is in all things.  But here within the Picarna
 we have taught you to be not mortal but immortal.  One with all.
 All with one.  Our within must ever be the mortal's without."

A harsher rainfall and sudden clap of thunder lurched me back into
the present.  I understood this test.  The open door before me
was a gift of sorts.  It was too easy to be anything else.  Perhaps
the girl was a gift too.  In any event they weren't things without
strings attached.  There was too much confusion -- the deadman in
the car, the storm, the stairless hillside -- it had to be a
payment.  A cheap subsitute, bait if you will.   But for what?

Some force, stronger than my own powers of control became 
quite apparent then.  My feet began to move themselves and
the rest of my body and mind seemd to be in agreement.  But
somewhere in the back of my mind a tiny voice was squealing
a long silent "Nooooooooo!" 

Soon I was within the mouth of this great dark abode.  It t'was
no sooner than I'd cleared the doorway that same blonde who had led 
me there was at my side.  Only now she wasn't wearing the raincoat.
She was in a short mini-skirt, and sheer blouse.  

                             -oOo-


Chapter 4

 "I vant to suck yaar deeek."

 What was this some sort of a joke?  That accent sounded phony.
But, it couldn't hurt to see how far this might lead.  I quickly
unzipped my pants and was starting to pull them down when I
sensed that we were not alone.  Ah.  I could see it now; Some
freaks hanging out at this castle, staging car accidents then
getting a few fools to trek up here only to be robbed and killed.

No.  I was wrong.  It was another hot babe.  She was wearing one
of those cheap teddy's you see advertised in the back pages
of just about every magazine.  Her well defined legs seemed to
stretch ten miles and ended in tall delicate black heels.

 "I too vant to suck yaar deek."

 She had very glossy red lipstick on.  It was almost running down
her chin.  Hot damn, I was getting really turned on.  I should've
had more control.  I know that now.  But all of my temple training
seemed to be mising from my mind.

 "Two?  Well. . .  Ok.  Sure.  I'm game."

 They had russian accents or something very similar.  Perhaps a tiny
bit of german.  The slow seductive way they spoke in their husky
lazy voices was incredible.

 All in all this was turning out to be a good night.  Two hot babes
wanting to lick my balls , blow, suck, nuzzle and love my tool into
raw bliss.  Who could refuse an invitation to satisfy these
obviously horney babes?

 I grabbed both of them by the nearest tit and started pulling
their willing heads towards my aching cock when I noticed more
people gathering about us.   What was this?  A party of some sort?

 The whole room was now full of beautiful babes and they were
all chanting something about vanting to suck my deeek.  This
might get dangerous.  Two.. three. . . even eight I can see.
But forty or fifty?  I started backing away from them.

 "Take heem!", screamed one.

 Hands and nails brushed all over me as they stripped my clothes
away.  Soon I was hoisted upon shoulders and being taken up
the stairs.  

 I knew I would have to regain control.  And quickly.  To be
used in this manner was not exactly picarnalistic. Atleast not
for a master, like myself.

 There was something wierd. .  wholly subnatural going on here.
Who were these people.  All tasty looking on their own.  But
a mob of fifty or sixty!?  

 Someone must have hit me on the head, because eveyrthing went dark
at that point.



                            -oOo-

Chapter 5


 I awoke on a black velvet bed.  My feet and hands were tied to
a wooden post by what felt like coarse rope.  The room was dark
and misty, but I could make out the forms of several hooded and
fully cloaked figures all about its circumfrance.

 One of the taller figures stepped forward, towering over me.

 "Ve of the sisterhood of man eaters do consecrate. . ."

 I forget the rest of the words, but those were enough.  As
the lightning flashed outside of the windows I began to notice
that the room I was in wasn't a bedroom, but some sort of
grand hall.  There were animal heads. .   no the heads of
men attached to decorative plaques upon the wall.

 One read sadisticly, "Tasty with a twist of lemon. 11-87."  Another
read, "Tender meat, nice and sweet. 3-92."  These bitches were sick.
Thy were going to do something to me which would not leave my head
attached to my body.  Saying, "I should to stop it" would only have been
an incredible under statement.

 I noticed that I was not alone on the bed.  Another man naked
like myself and equally well muscled was tied there also.
He had his eyes closed.  His lips were trembling.  Perhaps he was 
saying a prayer to his god.  Poor devil.

 The robed figures removed their hoods and in the light and revealed
themselves as women.  I could just make out something odd hanging
from their mouths.  Fangs.  They all had long fangs.  Probably
fake, but I did not plan on finding out.

 "Who vill be first?", chimed one of the women in dark even tones.

 "Take me!  Take me!", I cried in an honest sounding plea.  

 This might sound suicidal, but infact I was just saving myself.
I knew that they would rather have me suffer then do my bidding,
whatever the cost.   Thinking I really desired to be taken first
they moved on the second man, ignoring me.

 Predictable.  But I wasn't out of anything yet.

 "My vhat a beeg deeek this one has.", one of them said as all
eyes focused on the man beside me.  And it was.  Even as lifeless
as it looked right then, it had to be a good foot long.

 Several robed arms and delicate hands produced knifes.  They were
cresent shaped silver daggers of a fashion.  They moved the
daggers towards his flacid penis and laughed.  

 "Look Marlena, he has no desire for us.", one giggled.

 "Show yoursillves deen.", the one they called Marlena commanded.

 Without hesitation the daggers disappeared into the robes,
which quickly fell to the floor.  The women were oustanding.
Pert, large globes of well oiled flesh, shapely robust hips.
They were thick but athletic.  Amazingly stimulating to my eye.

 My comrade's limp member soon began to rise in brazen
salute to the nude beauties just inches away.  It was
a very large cock.  Thick, veined and long.  I had read stories
of men with pricks as wide as his, but never seen one in person
to equal it before.

 I suspected they were tricking him into getting aroused so 
thy could castrate him.  That would not be a pleasant experience
I thought as I moved my head away from him.  Wouldn't want to
have my eyes blinded with squirting blood.

 I was wrong.  One of the women climbed atop the bed and
stood over him briefly.  With both ankles at either side
of his hips she began to squat down, mounting him.

 His cock missed her rather large open cunt and slapped against 
her belly.  She grabbd onto as much of it as she could with one 
hand and kept her balance with the other as she guided the long, 
dry cock into her warm, wet pussy.   It almost looked painful to
me the way that elbow thick member split her pussy lips but she
made no sound and continued down on it rather rapidly.

 The man gasped slightly as she reached the hilt then held his breath.  
He didn't quite know if she would kill him or fuck him.  Or both.

 She sat there for a while letting her juices wet him a bit.
Then she started riding him in slow deep grinds.  She rocked
her body from side to side and forward on almost every stroke.
The man strained against his restraints trying perhaps to hold
onto her waist and get more control over the raw senses she was
beating from his dick.

 Soon he was crying out in pleasure and gasping between strokes
with cries of "Damn you're so goooood. . .", "yes. yes. Ohhhhhh
yes!"

 The bed must have had very well oiled springs because as much
as it was rocking and shaking I only heard the wood creaking.

 The really surprising thing to me was that the woman atop him
didn't make one single sound during the whole thing.  She
didn't even make a facial expresion.  It was unreal.

 And then it hit me.  They were training in mind control.
She must have been very skilled.

 All of the women in the room formed a line then and begin to
remove their robes.  They all looked quite similar to each other.
Blonde or red haired, one or two brunettes all with the same facial
features and bright red lips.   They all had pert firm breast with
large juicy nipples.  And of course those fangs.  

 I was starting to think they had forgotten me as the third woman
mounted the man beside me.   It was a tall blonde with thick tits
and firm ass.  Her nipples looked hard as rocks and were about an inch
long.  She found he had just come and was losing his rigid cock quickly.   
She got off of the bed and bent over that throbing rod.

 Lewd wet sucking sounds filled the room as she bobbed her head
up and down.  It was incredible.  All 11 or 12 inches of this
guy was down her throat.   I could see a bulge in her neck and
see the determination on her face as she inhaled and stuffed
it even deeper.

 As he came the girl pulled back a bit to catch the full load
in her mouth, on her tounge where she could taste it better.
Then one of the other women in line, a short blonde with ample
chest but less of a backside walked up to her and stretched
out her arms.

 They embraced.  Hugged each other as they kissed.  The taller
one made a real show of sticking her tounge into the other
woman's mouth where they seemed to exchange his come several times
before swallowing it loudly.

 It was about this time that I noticed a woman close by my
side.   She knelt beside the bed and started talking in a
low voice.

 "Nim.  Its me, Susana from the temple."

 I strained to look at her face.  

 "No.  Don't, you'll attract too much attention.  I've
  been studying here for a few months.  I decided to
  take some time off from the Order."

 She paused.  We heard the sounds of the women humming and
issuing various sounds of meditation as the bed began to
buckle under the action beside me once more.

 Susana continued,  "I have a plan.  Just follow my lead."

 She climbed onto the bed and stood over me.  It had been
over a year since I'd seen her last.  Full atheletic calves spread
upwards along her mile long legs towards a wet pink slit, small
waist and massive tits.   She looked down at me and smiled.
Those damn fangs made it hard to tell if she was happy or about
to bit me.  She started massaging her nipples into growing, dark
red knobs of tasty hot flesh.

 My cock lept towards my belley in anticipation as she began
to settle down on my thighs.  As far as plans go, this isn't
too bad I thought as she guided me into her her flaming cunt.
She was tighter than she looked and already pretty wet.

Before long she was sending sizzling wet waves of pleasure over my 
entire body.  She started to cry out in pleasure not long after she
began.  And looking back on it that does seem off.  For her a highly 
trained student of Picarna to not have much control. . .  But perhaps 
it was just the situation -- all the naked babes around -- I thought.

 Marlena, a rather tall woman who seemd to be in command, pointed
at Susana then and spoke in a shrill voice.  It was almost a
scream.

 "You know z rules!  You dare dishonor us like dis!
  Release the male dat has meed her come and strap her
  down een his place."

I was saying no, oh no dont stop yet in my mind as small
strong hands ripped Susana away from my still bucking
body and started to cut the ropes around my wrist free.

Then they just ignored me.  The line of girls that had been forming
to take me was still there.  What were thy going to. . .  oh.
One of the girls was already lapping at Susana's pussy in a blur
of tongue action.  She was rubbing her own clit too.  She paused
to suck some of my come out of that hot juicy hole then another
girl, this one a blonde walked over to susana and started twisting
her nipples and squeezing, kneading those hughe globes of perfect
flesh.  Susan was being held down by several strong hands and the
growing mob about her looked intent.

I started backing out of the room slowly as the man on the bad screamed
in pain.  A buxom bunette looked up from his horribly mangled
cock with blood driping from her fangs before diving back into it.
Slurping sounds and the man screams followed me as I ran out of the
room.

 There were long stairs leading down in a spiral.  It took what must
have been 10 minutes to get outside.  It was dark out but the rain
had stopped.   The man's screams could clearly be heard even from
that distance.

 I ran in the direction I thought the car was in.  It was a long
trek but I was determined to save Susana from those bitches and
even naked in the cold air I was going to do it.

 By the time I reached the spot where the car had been my balls
were aching from all the running.  I smiled in anticipation of
getting. . .  The car!  It was gone.  Ah.  Clear tracks led
to a covering of bushes.  The girls must have hid it.

 I was a bit startled to find the dead guy still in his car,
behind the wheel in those bushes too.   

 What I was after had been sewn into a secret compartment at
the rear of the little convertable a few days before.  I clawed
and ripped at the part with my fingers then resorted to breaking
the windshield and using the shards to cut open the fabric.
There, I had it.

 I felt a new power fill my loins as I grasped the mighty staff
in my right hand.  Its twisted oak rod covered in bronze, gold
and silver shined dimly in the poor light.   There was a fat
egg-shaped knob at the end of it -- I knew better than to touch
that -- and a pointy razor sharp edge at the other.

 The Polstren, oh what a wicked and mighty tool.  Good for combats
of love and war.  I stroked it like a cock for a few moments until
the orb end began to glow a dull green.   It was ready.

 It was about then I noticed that my cock was growing to massive
aching proportions.  Had I touched the orb by accident?  No
doctor could help me if I had.  It was with this thought in mind
that I began the long trek back, polstren in one hand, my growing
lava hot prick in the other.

                          -oOo- 

Chapter 6

I half fell into the castle doorway and doubled over in pain.
My dick was atleast 13 inches long and a skin spliting 6 wide.
The foreskin was stretched so tight it couldn't move.  It
felt like I had a ten pound load between my legs as I leaned
on the staff and began to make my way up the long, long
stairs.

It was so hot and itching too.  It felt like someone had
put kerosine down there and lit a match.   I was almost
to the point of tears as I reached the doorway to the room
with the bed.

The candles were burning brightly in there as before, but the
atmosphere had changed.  The girls were giggling and running
about the room.  Playing some sort of hide and seek game
or was it. . . Some sort of soccer.  They were kicking something
about on the floor.   I moved in for a closer look and watched
in disbelief as one of them picked up what was a bleeding, bruised 
cock.    

 My eyes moved to the bed.  Susan was there, being assualted by 
several women.   Beside her there was a somewhat humanoid form 
with an enormous bloody void between its legs and pits where eyes 
would have been.   It didn't move.

 Two women beside the door I had not noticed before lunged at
me with their little daggers.   They must have been gauards
of some sort for they still wore their robes and coverings
about their face too.

 I ducked and rolled a full 360' on my back while blocking the
nearest one. She held on to the staff trying to wrestle it from me
and was carried along as I completed the manuver.   We didn't
just learn sexual stuff at the Temple.

 The other female was standing to my right then, preparing to stab
down at me.  She met the cold sharp edge of the staff as I
raised it to meet her drive.   It buried itself in her stomache
and twisted out the back as I pushed it and spun on its
length.   She fell to the ground dead.

 The other one was at my feet regaining herself.   I touched her
between the legs with the orb end of the staff and watched as she
suddenly forget about the knife in her hand and started trying to
finger her cunt through the thick robe.

 Everyone else had noticed the mess I was making by now and had
started to form a circle about me.  

 "His deek.  Vhy ees it so beeeg!?", one of them exclaimed.

That was enough to make me remember the itching down there.
My dick was monsterous in size now and hanging down to my
knees. It was very painful.

I knew I needed relief and so long as they would let Susana go 
free it would be alright to come to some sort of agreement.
I said,  "Perhaps we can make a deal"  as I tried to
scratch my balls.   I knew just getting my cock into even the
hottest driest pussy would soothe the itching pain from it.

I looked toards Susana.  She shook her head but I couldn't
hear anything but a muffled sound.  The bush of the woman 
sitting on her face saw to that.

"Let her up.", I told the blonde sitting there.

"Don't trust them!  they will kill you at all cost now!", Susan
cried before the blonde started choking her.

I went into combat mode and threw the polstren as hard as I could to my
left.  It caught some lucky bitch in the throat and carried
her a full ten or twelve feet to the far wall where it pinned her.

There was stunned silence for a bit.  More than long enough for
me to reach the wall and retrieve the staff.  I was like a wild
man then, slashing, cutting, and touching the women all about
me on all sides with my staff.

I started chanting the sacred chant instinctively as the staf flashed
about in my hand.


"Let our within be their without...",
"Let our within be their without....",


Some fell with the pleasure of death on their lips while others
simply choked as blood filled their lungs.  It just depended on

which end of the staff I happened to catch them with.

"Let our within be their without...",
"Let our within be their without...",

It was only my the most amazing effort that I was able to
ignore the pain between my legs.  But once there was but one
of those vampires left standing I dropped the staff and
grabbed her by the hips.  It was the one they called Marlena.

She had a look of fear and horror in her eyes as she saw my
massive cock grown to incredible proportions near her cunt.

She was a bit darker skinned than the rest.  Mexican perhaps,
I thought as I dragged her to a nearby wall.  I needed it to
brace her somewhat while I stuffed my cock into her cunt.   


"Let our within be their without...",
"Let our within be their without...",

A cry of the most angusihed sort reached my ears as she scratched
and clawed at my chest.  It must have hurt her lots to take the rock
hard prick I had because she passed out before I even had the head
in.  Blood began to seep from the edges of her labium as I pressed 
harder.

"Let our within be their without...",

It felt cool as ice in there to my itchy burning dick and I just
had to get more of her to cool me off.

So there, sweat dripping from my brow in buckets I strove to
completely fill her deep cunt.   She was wet, pussy juices,
sweat -- it all formed a layer of liquid that made me slip
and fall against her quite often.

"Let our within be their without...",

It was impossible to make more than a tiny thrust due to the lack
of space there, but the cool depths soothed the pain between
my legs and after a time I pulled out.

My cock was quickly returning to more natural sizes.  The itching
was going away.  I looked up to her face, about to wake her up
when I noticed there was blood running from her mouth and eyes.

I heard another voice behind me join mine in the chant,

"Let our within be their without...",

Susana had managed somehow to cut herself free from the bed and
patted me on the back.

"Lets go home, Nim.   Lets go home."

And so we did head home. . . home of the Order.
