Vol I.  No. 2       "Nim Meets the Cops"


   The Sacred Order of

   ppppppp                                              
   p     pp                                             
   p    p      pppp   pppp      ppp   pp       pppp     
   pppp   pp  p       pp pp   pp   p  ppppp    pp pp    
   pp     pp  p      pp   pp  pp      pp  pp  pp   pp   
   pp     pp   pppp  pp   pp  pp      pp  pp  pp   pp



Chapter 1

 Ron Peterson was on a business trip to Morton, Washington.  And
since they called me Ron peterson so was I.   The company was
even paying for all the meals, gasoline, hotels -- did I mention
hotels?

 The little hotel room fan sounded angry.  Whiping about, making 
sounds like a helicopter's main rotar.  Chop.  Chop.  Chop.
Chop.  It was winter outside and the room had no heat, but
a few hours of intense play on the tiny wooden bed had turned
the place into high summer.   There was so much violence in that 
little room.   Violence, when I threw her to the bed.  Violence when 
I peeled and ripped my sweat drenched t-shirt off an hour later.   
Violence when the bed collapsed from all that shaking.

 That good violent rocking motion my whole body made as I slapped my
hips into the firm round globes of that blonde's inviting rear went
on and on and on to the sound of moans and feelings of growing bliss.
It was hard keeping my grip on her small waist as the sweat there,
mine and hers, had formed a sticky slick film.   She was nodding her
head up and down, left to right almost as fast as I was pumping into
her deep, tight, hot, dripping cunt.     The way her full hair seemed 
to dance with a life of its own made my rigid stick fill like a hot 
lead pipe, nearly bursting in raw almost painful pleasure.

 I had picked her up just outside of town earlier that morning.
She was only 19.  If you believe in the Easter Bunny, that is.  Probably
closer to 17 at best.  She had been hitchiking along the highway.
Said she was tired of her parents telling her what to do.
I was frank, and told her I was a big business man who would give
her a plane ticket to anywhere if she gave me a day to know her
in every way.  The horney little bitch agreed.  

 She was on all fours, bucking back towards me to help me get deeper
with each lingering thrust and grinding twist.   She knew just how 
to wiggle her backside about.   It was cock gripping fantastic!

 I felt beeds of sweat dripping down my thighs and biceps as I
leaned forward and started trying to milk her hanging tits.
They were heavy, thick sacks of sugar ending with great big
rock hard sweets.   She had just been mumbling and shaking
for the past couple minutes but suddenly she was back and
started crying, "Oh, oh. . so good.  Yeah! Yeah!  Oh baby. . . 
ooooh  Oh!"  as I rubbed and squeazed all over her breast.   Pushing 
them together, then apart as I milked and probed.

When she started bucking back too fast I slapped her thigh to remind
her who the boss was.  It was harsh enough to leave my hand print
blazing there like some enormous tatoo.    She fell forward then,
too tired and too drained to hold herself up.  

I adjusted the cock ring and used a few dry edges of the bed sheets
to get some of the sweat off my legs.  It was starting to
evaporate, giving me a sudden chill.

I went into the bathroom and started a steaming bath.  Red hot.
The water looked white and boiling as it gushed into the dirty
tub.  

"Taking a shower, Ron?"

Her voice sounded pretty strong now.  Would mean she was just about-
She was at my side then.  She put her hands on my shoulders and
began to massage the muscles there.  It disturbed me how mature she
seemed to be so young.  But I had dealt with the best of them.  And
this one was no sex goddess.

"Why not take a shower?", she asked.

Silly girl, trix are for masters, I thought as I grabbed her wrist and
lifted her off her feet.

"Owee! That hurts, damn you! Put me down!", she cried.

I just shook my head and begin the chant.  The chant that must ever
be or all value in such ritual is lost.

"Let our within be their without...",

She staretd to kick as I moved her closer to the tub.  I punched her
square in the face a few times to lessen her thrashing.  Soon I
had her by the ankles as I submerged her upper body into the quicksilver
liquid.

"Let our within be their without...",

She staretd screaming.

"Aroooooooooo Ouch!  Ouch!"

As expected, she used her arms to keep her face out of the steaming
waters.  Barely.  She was crying in pain and pleasure as I thrusted
into her gaping cunt and tried to split her young thighs away from
her body. 

The odd angle I was thrusting into her at had my cock pressing against 
the back of her steaming cunt.  Every stroke evoked an even louder scream
from her shaking body.  She began to try and lift her self out of the
searing water so I pulled her tits towards me.  The cry of pain that
followed indicated she was learning what not to do.

I started chanting in my meditative monotone,

"Let our within be their without...",

She lost her balance.  Her head fell towards my feet and struck
the inside of the tub with a hollow bong sound.

I pulled her up, out of the tub and dragged her limp body to
the bed.  She was out cold.  Completely screwed up my ritual.
This was one that required the winch to be alive.

I decided to leave the town then and after a quick shower,
hit the road in my mustang.


                          -oOo-

Chapter 2



I wasn't on the road for a good ten minutes before the red and blue
lights flashing in my rearview mirrors started.  I hadn't gotten a speeding
ticket in years.  The smarter ones speed only on the off-peek hours,
like me.  So what was this all about?

I pulled over to the side of the road and waited.  A squad car pulled
off of the road behind me and just sat there.   The guy behind the
wheel looked a bit small.  Was hard to see much with the large sun
glasses he was wearing.  The other guy looked familiar. Native Amercain
perhaps.  Wait it was. . .  An old friend from the Order!

Finally they started to get out and approach from behind. 
Pinot recognized me when he was about half way to the car.
His mouth dropped open and he began to smile.  I shook my head
at him and used my eyes in the rearview mirror to indicate his
partner.  He nodded.

I saw his partner had long flowing black hair.  What was this, a hippe
cop?  As the form got closer I saw it was a woman.  Even through
the thick jacket she was wearing I could tell she had massive breast. 

She looked only about five foot four inches tall.  She had her
hand on her gun and wasn't smiling.  Rookie, I thought.
The look on her face said, "I need a stiff fucking."  I'd be
willing to wager she hadn't had sex in two or three years.

"Please, Step out of the car sir."

Her voice sounded pretty bland and dry.  I opened the door and
stepped out.  She began to pull out a pair of handcufs and
direct me to turn around when I made my move.

I pinned her arms behind her and used my weight to throw us to the 
ground.  She landed on her tits, gasping for breath, with me ontop of 
her back.  I cuffed her and took her gun from the holster.  

I smirked.  Rookie.  

"Help Ted!", she started screaming between gasp for air.

I laughed as Pinot came over and gave me a high-five.

"Thats what they call you around her?", I asked laughing.

"Yeah, a bit of a lame name.. but it works.", he said.

"So who's the rookie bimbo?"

"Oh.  Um, Brenda meet my friend Ni- er Ron."

You ever had this one, I asked pointing at her ass.  He shook his
head.  

"Thats the chief's daughter man."

"So?", I said.

"Hell P. man, we both know anyone can be tamed."

He nodded.  And besides I'm sure he realized about then that it
was either tame her or kill her.  Because if our secret got out,
the whole order would be compromised.

We gaged Brenda with one of her own socks and threw her into the 
backseat of Pinot's squad car.  He said that they had called for 
backup but that was all cleared up after a few seconds on the
radio.

I jumped back into my car and Pinot drove his squad car back onto
the road.  He led, and I followed.

We got off the highway and traced a few winding roads up into
several small hills.  After a couple minutes we arrived at
a cabin in the forest.  It was covered in moss and fallen tree
limbs.

"This place is an old cabin I bought a few years back.", Pinot said.

"Its not much, but great when you want to get away from the city."

The bumpy ride seemed to have made Brenda pretty bitchy as she kicked
at our legs with her bound feet and mumbled something that sounded
a little like "Damn you!" from behind the dirty white sock in
her mouth.

I hoisted her up onto my back with her fanny pointg up and her legs
infront of me.  Pinot unlocked the cabin's squeaky door and turned
on the lights.  It was a dump in there.   

The place looked more like someone's long forgotten garage.  There
was a twin brass bed in one far corner and a small kitchen area
near the door.  A big fireplace made of large stones took up a good
portion of one wall.

Pinot nodded towards the bed and I dumped Brenda there where she
landed face down in a dusty looking pillow.  She looked good even in 
the regulation pants and too-large jacket.  I slapped her large
curvy ass, letting my hand linger just long enough to let her
know I was going to get to know her better soon.

I felt like resting a few minutes before getting started and let
Pinot know.  He agreed, saying he just felt like relaxing for
a few minutes so soon after a long days work anyhow.  

He said it was messy of me to leave the blonde in the motel
like I had.  And that was why the police had been called.  Yes.
That had been a serious screw-up.  

But to keep Brenda from hearing much more, he produced one of those
cheap radio-headset deals and put it on her head.  He told
her not to make it fall off or she'd be in trouble.   Then
he turned it up loud enough so we could hear it even across
the room.

"I can't imagine you being a pig P. man!", I laughed.  We had
had many good times together back at the temple.  Throwing
parties, playing mind control games on all the freshmen.  Hypnotizing
straight women into eating out banannas stuffed up other girls butts
was a hallmark of our bashes.

Pinot rubbed his nose as he looked for something to drink in the
cabin's tiny fridge.

"Hey, this is the best cover.  You can't imagine the sort of
 stuff I get away with under a badge. .  well until the chief's
 little bitch got assigned to me."

He found a beer and bit off the cap with his teeth.

"Who was your partner before?", I asked.

"Oh, some redhead.  She was my slave too.  Was perfect."

There was a tinkle sound as he dropped a single ice cube into
a glass.

 The vision I'd seen earlier of the robed man kept comming back to
me.  So I decided to ask Pinot.  

"So, when do we get started?", I said glancing towards Brenda's
bound and gaged form across the room.

Pinot poured some beer into the glass and offered it to me.
I shook my head.

"Oh.  I forgot, you never did like beer. . ."

"Nope.  Clouds the mind."

"You know that little bitch there hates native americans?", he said between
gulps.

"And her dad?  The police chief too?", I asked.

"I don't know. .  but if she wasn't his kid I would of wrote her up
for some of the shit she's given me."

"Naughty.  Nuaghty.", I said wagging my finger at Brenda.  Her eyes
looked confused.  She shook her head over the roar of the radio
in her ear.

"So I guess she doesn't like black guys either.", I said.

Pinot looked at me and laughed.

"Guess not."

"We'll have to do something about her predjudices."

"God, its great to see you again Nim.  It'll be just like old times!"

"Better, I hope."


                        -oOo-

Chapter 3


 I was just about to remove the earphones on Brenda's lovely head
when I saw Pinot pulling a video camera out of a storage chest.

"Hey P. man, you know I can't have myself on a video. .", I
was worried about something like that falling into the wrong
hands.

"No sweat man, I'll make sure our faces aren't in it.  This is
just insurance-"

I interupted, "Make it look like she wanted it, so she'll think
twice about telling anyone?"

"Right.  We do think alike.", he finished.

We exchanged knowing grins as I removed the phones and grabbed her
by both ears.

"Now listen bitch!  I'm going to take this gag out of your mouth.
And if you make one sound I'll bash your brains in.  Understand?"

She nodded.

As I pulled the gag out she clamped her teeth down on my fingers.
I was ready for that.  I made my free hand rigid straight with a
slight curve and chopped at her juglar vein with all my might.
Her grip released as she gasped in pain, face frowned and eyes
tightly shut.  

"I think she needs a little juice P. man."

He was already tapping the side of an upturned needle and
squirting out the trapped bubbles.  

"My dad is going to get you for this. . "

I slapped her once, then once again.  She started whimpering
like a wounded dog.  I had to fight her kicking legs to
get her pants undone but was rewarded with the sight of
her large firm thighs and buttocks as I removed them.

She had a lot of hair down there.  It was nice and curly
brown fuzz.  We both admired the sight for a few seconds.

Then Pinot jabbed her in one full cheek with the needle and
forced its contents into her.  After a few seconds she
started shaking and mumbling.

"There, there.  You'll feel better in a second.", he said as
he stroked her long mane.

I released my grip on her and waited for her to calm.

"This juice is wonderful stuff.", said Pinot.

I nodded, knowing it was truth serum and speed.

"Watch this.", he laughed.

"Brenda, what do you want us two strong men to do with you?", he asked.

She began slowly in a lazy sexy voice,  

"I.  . want you. .  to faaaaaaccck me."

She shook her head slowly, probably trying to figure out why she
had said what she only meant to think.

"No.", she managed with effort.

"Yes?", Pinot probed.

"I. . need you to faaaa-  fuck me."

My cock was growing harder and harder with each sexy come-on she
made.  It didn't help having her naked ass just inches away.

Pinot removed the handcufs from her tiny wrist and started
slowly unbuttoning her jacket and shirt.  She had nice tits.
Pale looking, but full and pert.

I put my hands between her legs and combed the hair there with
my fingers.  It was damp and soft.  No kinks in it that I could
feel.  It was like she combed it out or something.

 I moved the hair aside and fingered her lightly.  She arched
her back and moaned in a husky yearning tone.  That was about
when Pinot started taking off his unform.

 I mounted her, being as gentle as I could.  She cocked her
legs up as high and wide as she could while I guided my rock
hard cock to her wet slit.

 Pinot stopped stripping when he was down to his shorts and got 
behind the camera.  He zoomed in on her cunt as I drove my meat 
into the little box.  Then he moved it along her body up to her face.

She was crying in pleasure to my thrust.

 "Oh yes!  Ugggh  Uggggh  ohh ahhhh  yes!"

I twisted my body as I screwed and began to suck on one of
her nipples.  I could feel a sweet milk squirting into
my mouth as I pumped the tit, my head bobbing up and down
with her nipple firmly attached.

"Oh! Ahheeeee ugh, ugh.   Ugh!", she gasped.

I let it fall from my mouth with a wet plop sound and
closed my eyes as the thin stream of warm white sugar
gave my face and chest a shower.

 "Damn, thats good!", Pinot said rubbing his crotch with
one hand while he filmed the action with his other.

Large beeds of milk ran down her ribs and onto the bed
as I boned her juicy tight cunt as deep as I could.

Her face was twisted into a look of dazed pleasure
as I continued to pump in and out of her slick
hole.  

After a few more minutes I felt a load building up
in the base of my cock so I told her about it.

"I'm going to squirt a bucket of come up your cunt."

I started unloading deep into her warm depths.  The
loads were long and heavy.  Each one seemed like another
more powerful orgasim.  

At last it stopped.  But even before I pulled out a thick
clump of my sour dip cream was dripping from her, into the 
sweaty crack between her buttocks.

Pinot pulled a long thin plastic tube from the same chest
he'd taken the camera out of.  It was like one of those
tubes you use with fish tanks and air pumps.

 "I bet you want to suck all his come out of your own pussy. . .",
Pinot said as he handed the tube to her.

"Yeah.  I want to taste it.", she said lazily.

She inserted one end of the long, limp tube into her pussy and
took the other end in her mouth.

She started sucking on it, making a loud sound that reminded me
of an espresso machine.

Air bubbles and long thick plugs of my come, mixed with her own
juices began to creep through the long tube towards her mouth.
She sucked even harder as she saw it.

Soon it was in her mouth and we could see her adam's apple
bobbing to keep up with it all.

After something like a cup or two of juices nothing more would
come out and Pinot took the tube from her.  She wiped her mouth
with her hand and began to rub her clit.

Pinot told her to get on all fours and she did.  He produced
a shiny black 'T' shaped billy club.   It's edges were all
nicely rounded but some leather straps about it made it
pretty well ribbed.

He pressed it against her dripping cunt and inserted it a little
into her box.  She moved forward a bit from the sudden thickness
of it.

He took it and started rolling it about the ring of her backdoor.
Soon he was working it in but then just stopped and pulled it out.

"Do you want it?", he asked her.

She moaned, but didn't really answer him.

"If you want it you're going to have to beg for it."

"Please Ted. . .", she begged.

"Please what?", Pinot said now growing impatient.

"Please fuck me with that big stick."

"Now say it like you mean it, and look at the camera."

She turned her makeup streaked face to the camera and
begged him to fuck her up the ass, the mouth, the pussy,
In her ears, nose, tits, back of the knees, anywhere.

Pinot grinned as he drove the thick rod into her gooy
duct.  She arched her back and screamed in pain.
She panted for air and shook her hair from side to side.

Soon she was bucking back against his slow thrust, working
up a good lather of goo between them.

When she came and collapsed, crushing her breast, Pinot decided
to honor her earlier request.

"Lets see. . . ears. . ?", he thought aloud as he sat on her
back and turned her head sideways.

He started pumping the head of his cock against her soft ear
lobes and lovely jaw.  Then he placed it squarely against
her ear canal as he pumped and rubbed against her.

When he came his yogurt filled her ear.  A sizeable mound of
it coated the folds of her ear and scattered in long streak
patterns into her hair and onto her jaw and neck.

I mounted her legs from behind and put my dick in the hollow
behind one of her knees.  I thrust my cock back and forth 
across the area and held onto her upturned foot.

Then I started pissing gallons.  My hot golden jet looked like
a laser beam as it danced about her buttocks and pussy.  

"Damn man.  These are the only sheets I have!", Pinot said.

He climbed off of her shoulders and we both turned her sexy
body over.  We moved her until her head hung over the edge
of the bed and then started our next round of fun.

Pinot placed the camera where it could see more and then started
feeding his cock to her open mouth.  There was a straight line
down her throat and I could even see the bulge of his prick
moving down into her.

She gagged and coughed around his heavy tool.  He pulled back
a bit then pressed on.

She reached back and kneaded his buttocks in her hands, feeling
him up with a slow yearning lust.

I rubbed my piss all over her lower legs and hips.  Feeling the
curves of her firm calves and delicous thighs.   

She was learning fast how to suck Pinot off an hold her breath
without complaining.  When Pinot came he pulled out and squeazed
his meat, keeping some of the come inside.  Then he pressed
his pecker right up against one of her nostrils and let go.
She started breathing out of her mouth as the warm seed filled
her nasal passages.

She was breathing hard when we both decided it was time for
the formal ritual.


                         -oOo-

Chapter 4

 Pinot and I chanted loudly the Order's verse as we boned the
blonde cop.  I was locked in a 69 with her, on my back, while
Pinot pumped his cock into her backdoor.

Our muffled voices mumbled between gasp and thrust,

"Let our within be their without...",
"Let our within be their without...",

I missed a few chants as I was busily trying to eat her out,
but all in all it was a good one.

Pinot quivered and I could even hear a wet squirting squishy
sound as his powerful torrent of seed flooded deep into
her seemingly hollow bowels.

He cried out in pleasure, sounding like an old man as he gasped
for air.  She moaned in halting gulps as the stuff filled her
completely.

She still had come dripping from her nose in a thick sticky line 
when we had finished.  She licked it off like some kid cleaning 
the snot running from a leaky nose.

Pinot gave her a copy of the video he had made of her begging,
pulsating cunt and a few other odds and ends.

She was still out of her mind but seemed to well understand what
would happen if she told anybody about our little threesome.

It was nearly morning by that time so I said, 'So long' and
hit the road.


  -end-

