Vol I.  No. 1       "Bubbles"


   The Sacred Order of

   @@@@@@@                                              
   @     @@                                             
   @    @      @@@@   @@@@      @@@   @@       @@@@     
   @@@@   @@  @       @@ @@   @@   @  @@@@@    @@ @@    
   @@     @@  @      @@   @@  @@      @@  @@  @@   @@   
   @@     @@   @@@@  @@   @@  @@      @@  @@  @@   @@      


Chapter 1

 The distorted green-blue light "vibrated" through the bubbling pool
as I adjusted the submerged bin.  It was one of those cheap forty gallon 
plastic drums one might find at an abandoned gas station.  It was held
upside down, just beneath the surface by four strong cables.

 "Master Nim, may I come and visit?", read the postcard from one of
the few female students at the home temple.  "Jeeez!", I thought.
I'm sure I told them to only mail me here for very important things.
Its not everyday someone gets a letter from tibet.  It could be traced
and then the entire preiesthood might be at risk.

 The postcard emitted a faint green-yellow glow as it crackled and
wilted in flames.  It and the match that had been used to burn it
where ground up into fine bits of dust and tossed into a trashcan.
"I'll have to remember to write to Susana.  She was a very hot little
number, but a bit below me in levels.  Might not look good to my
peers -- ah hell.  they don't need to know."

I mentally tested my voice, preparing to use a slightly excited but
measured and in control tone.

                              -oOo-

Chapter 2


"Jenny?  You ready babe?", I yelled.

The voice sounded so fake to me, but I knew exactly how much she'd believe it.

"Like.  I'll be right there -- O.K.?", she called from the house.

 Jenny was a cute little pacific islander with naturally perfect
and ever bronze-golden tanned skin -Just the way I like em.  I was 
sometimes afraid I would literally gobble her up if she were ever 
covered in whipcream or butter.

 She had those subtle facial curves that make some women look so
cute, yet the high cheek bones, developed lips and petite ears of
a real sex goddess.  Sometimes I've wanted to just worship women 
as hot looking as her -- But the priesthood doesn't allow for that. 

 She was small but much better endowed then those sluts you see in
penthouse or playboy by porportion.  Her breast were firm, upright,
exceptionally well defined.  Her ass was tight and curved, forming a 
very deep "small of the back" area.  I just can't stand those women 
with hanging ass cheeks and about 12 inches of flat area back there. Yuk.

 Jenny came out of the house in that skip-n-hop way sexy babes always 
seem to use (or is it just because I stare at the jiggling tits?)  She 
was wearing a short white cotton towel about her waiste and some sort 
of flimsy string bikini.

 The smell of chlorine wasn't so strong at the momment but the heat
of the noon sun was starting to make my scalp itch all over.  A nice
swim would've been great right about then.

"So, Like. -- what - did - you - want to, - like - show me?", she chirped.

 If there was one thing I didn't like about her it was that insane
valley girl slang she'd picked up.  She went to high school in that 
same dump of a school they use in that stupid 90210 t.v. show.  Her 
annoying voice was probably why I'd purchased a dozen socks - just 
for gaging her during sex.

 I almost giggled like a school girl as I rememberd that she still
thought I was only a freshmen in college.  I've always looked at least
five years younger than I am.

"Well, remember that time we used a nylon noose to keep you from
 breathing...."

 "Oh --- yeah.  I like -- had to wear a scarf for two weeks --- HELLO."
 She didn't sound too interested in trying that trick again.  No matter,
 I had something completely different in mind.  It would be dangerous...
 But then you only live once.  Or better put: She would only live once.

 "Well.  This one is real simple...", I lied. 
 "You just have to hold your own breath and stand on your head."

 "Is that like........  all?" , she snorted.
 "Heh. Heh. Oh yes.  That's all."
  It was all I could do to keep from laughing in sinister glee.  She
  was so worldly and yet so innocent in her own way.  She didn't seem
  to notice the handcuffs, tied to cement blocks.. or the obviously out
  of place plastic drum bobbing up and down in the water.

  This would complete the second level of Picarna.  The sacred rituals
  would eventually give me all the keys to pleasure and pain.
  My thoughts shifted to the halls of the dim smoked filled temple
  where I had matured from a young boy into an lower priest of the order.

  "Master, why does the hatchling that fell from its nest bite at
   my hand when I try to help it back.. into its nest?", I asked.

  "Nim-Nim, why does a woman cry when she is slapped where a man
   would be angry?"  

   Master teacher had a knack for answering questions with more 
   questions... but of course his questions held great wisdom.

  "I do not know Master.  Is it because the woman is soft of heart, while
   the man is hard?"

  "Nim-Nim, The woman believes she is soft and helpless.  The man
   believes he is strong, and the only one who can protect himself.
   Anyone raised to believe they are soft... will be soft.
   Anyone raised to believe he is strong... will be strong."

  "So then why did the bird bite my hand Master?"

  "Because the bird was not raised at all.  One left to his own
   devices will always seek to control that which is without.
   One raised in discipline will seek to control that which is
   within.  When you have matured Nim-Nim, you will be able to
   control that which is within and thus that which is without,
   being only that which others percieve, will be well within
   your grasp."


 My mind became a sounding brass of small tinkling bells and the
 smells of incense as thoughts formed and mingled.  Slowly the
 present world of the pool and Jenny formed again.

                             -oOo-

Chapter 3

 Jenny had her hands on her hips.  She had said something, when I was
 lost in thought.  I concentrated on remembering.  Ah yes, she'd
 said something about wanting a beer.  She'd drunken the last six-pack
 the night before.  That girl could really put it away.  I've only
 had a can or two of beer in my entire life myself.  The first time I
 tried some it had been warming by a campfire for awhile.  That bitter,
 disgustingly raw taste had turned me off to beer forever.  It had tasted
 like some bum had pissed into the can after drinking a milkshake of
 herbs, spices, puke and concentrated lemond extract.  Wine I like.  Not
 to the point of needing it, but when I do drink, wine's the ticket.

 I tested what I would do next mentally first.  Then I made my face
 go poker straight as I spoke in dull monotone: "You... Just... Had..
 A.. Beer............ Remember?"

 Jenny's eyes dropped as her jaw went slack.  She suddenly seemd to loose
a full 100 points of IQ.  She responded,
"Y...e....s   I remember."

Then it was over.  She smiled and commented about having forgotten whatever
she'd just said.  I told her to forget about it.  It was almost humerous
the ease with which I could plant thoughts into her mind by now.

It was a bit of a strain exercising mental control over her though.  After all
I was just a first level priest.  I saved any effort for when I really needed
it.  And I didn't want her complaining about beer all day.

"Um. Lets see...", I said as I walked over to her.  I embraced her and gently
kissed her on the forehead.  I kissed her cheek, then the tip of her nose.
I started planting kisses all over her face and neck.  This is a big turn on
for me, and the way she was arching her neck and moaning softly indicated
the feeling was mutual.

"We won't be needing this", I whispered, removing unting the loose knot of 
cheap material that held her bikini top in place.  It didn't fall of course.
It just rested ontop of those magnificant tits of hers.  Soon the bikini
was competing with my right hand for access to her left nipple and the bikini
lost.

I locked her in a deep french kiss, swirling my tounge around hers, sucking
and licking her delicate mouth.  She probed into my mouth with her tounge,
lapping at the corners of my lips from within.  I felt her hands exploring
my back... moving lower and testing the strength of the muscles there.

I stopped sucking her face and massaged a handful of her sizeable
mounds in both hands.  I usually play more with her left tit since I'm
right handed but someone flipped a coin somewhere I guess, and I went for her
other one.  I gently lowered her onto her back as I sucked on her tit,
pulling the nipple far from her body.  She was really getting into it,
pumping her other tit and wiggling out of her briefs.

I suddenly stopped.  It was time for the ritual.

I began chanting:

 "Let our within be their without....",
 "Let our within be their without....",

 The chant had to be recited exactly 30 times
 per minute for at least 1 minute at the start
 and one minute at the end of the ritual.

Jenny, poor innocent little Jeeny.  She was so into satisfying herself
she wasn't worrying about what I might be doing.  She had barely noticed
when I'd stopped helping her.  I slowly reached for the concrete brick
with rope and cuffs, so as not to loose rythm.

 "Let our within be their without....",

There was a stiff click sound on beat 2 of the 20th chant as I locked
the cuffs onto her wrist.  Now that she was interrupted from her frenzied
passion, she began to pay more attention to what I was doing.

  "What.. What are you doing Ron!?", 

That silly name, Ron.  Nobody outside of the temple knew by true and sacred
name.  Even Master only called me by a nickname.  I couldn't answer her,
lest I loose beat so the work continued.

  "Let our within be their without...",

She was laying completely passive, but fear was in her eyes as I motioned
for her to hold her breathe.  At last the chant was completed and I
took her by the ankles.  I grasped both of her ankles securely in one
hand as I turned her upside down and lowered her into the pool.

She started shaking and tremendous amounts of bubbles exploded from the
pool as she tried to scream or something.  I pulled her out of the pool
for a momment to let her catch her breath then said "Better take a deep
breath."  Just before plunging her back into the depths.   I lowered myself
into the pool, still holding onto her ankles.  I moved us towards the
bobbing plastic barrel and finally beneath it.

There were strong restraing straps under the bin, allowing me to strap Jenny
in under it.  She was still upside down, held to the bottom by the concrete
brick, and securely held in place within the bin by the straps.  There
was a full 3.5 feet of air within the barrel, meaining she was now dry
(in theory) from the waist down.  I strapped myself upside down to and within
the plastic bin face to face with the terrified girl.

Her eyes were starting to bulge and the way she kept closing her eyes made me
think she might be losing consciecousness, but the ritual must be completed
once started lest the priest loose a complete level.  And I wasn't
about to let that happen.

It wasn't easy but eventually I got enough leverage against the bottom of
the pool to lift control the up and down movement of my body.  Then I
had to guide my cock into her pussy while supporting my weight upside down
on one hand, in the darkness of the bin.  A feat no non-picarna priest could
ever acomplish.

I started fucking her then, slowly lifting and lowering my whole body in
the erie darkness of the pool beneath the bin.  Her face was clearly visible
in the green-blue light... everything above us, our lower halves was completely
in darkness though.  

Now, it had been rumored at the temple that this ritual provides the ultimate
pleasures of the universe.  For a full minute I felt almost nothing.  The cool
pool waters were conflicting with my other senses.  But in time my nerves
became use to the water, the silenece of the pool, the perfect stillness
of it all contrasted by a sudden explosion of sensations in my cock.  
I knew the answer to the quest of the second ritual now.  The question
for the ritual is: "What do we feel when we feel feelings?"

Ahh. It was so clear to me.  Ha. Ha.  The radiant glory of the second
level priesthood openned to me in one spectacular moment.  Finally after
what seemed an eternity I came in long ribons of music and light.  Trumpets
and drums seemed to ring out all about.  My lungs were burning in pain
by this point, time to surface.  I pulled the hidden safety handle on the
bin, releasing the four securing cables.  The bin heaved Jenny and I upwards 
about 3 feet at which point it rolled over and started sinking again.  I
held the cement brick in my hand as I raised her limp body from the water.

She still looked great, even in her now cold and lifeless state.  Her skin
was a pale purple-brown tan now.  I rolled her onto her back and pressed
hard into her back with both hands, as I began the sacred chant anew.

"Let our within be their without...",

I thought back to the temple of my youth and recalled the time
I was in training for the mastery of my within.  I had been
told to sit in the courtyard and make myself invisible to all
without.  It was winter and I had sat there in that courtyard
for a day and a night before I simply could not stand it any more.
I sneaked into the warm temple pantry for a bite to eat.
The pot was boiling and I was filling my belly with stew before I
realizes that someone was standing behind the pot upon the fiery
hot coals I had used to warm the stew.  It was Mistress Pia.  I
dropped to the floor and bowed my head in reverence and fear.

"Forgive me Mistress. I did not know!  Suffer me a little while,
 I beg you.  Please don't punish me!"

She smiled and said,  "When one is invisible to the without, one
does not feel the pain niether within nor without.  I am only
angry that you did not stay invisible to your without as Master
told you to.  If you had you would not have heated the coals.
You would not have warmed the stew.  You would not have shown
reverence to me.  When one is invisible to the without, one
does not change anything without.  One only moves within that
which others have changed.  One need not speak, nor consider the
realm of reality those without consider.  I am too a little
angry that you have broken my invisibility to the without, for
I was in meditation... But it is good that you have learned this
lesson and so I will not punish you."

Mistress continued her meditation upon the red hot stones and
left the without I was within.  She would answer none of my questions
or acknowledge me.  I was invisible to the without for an entire
year after that.  Able only to eat those things which others had
cooked and not seen fit to eat... or speak to those things not
within the without of others.

Finally one day Master allowed me to return to the without of the group
but by then it matterd little to me if I was without or within.  I
had forsaken the emotions so dear to the common man and had become
a chameillon of sorts.  A conjurer, a magician, a priest, a mover
of things not seen.

The images of the temple, the lessons, Mistress Pia and the tinkling
bells faded once more as I returned to the present without.

I was coughing and wheezing between short breaths and chants to myself
as I tried to revive Jenny. It was of no importance to the ritual if
she died or not, but I hardly needed to be on a police suspect list.
It hadn't been easy making up my present persona.  And I hardly relished
the process of moving to a new town, establishing "friends" and besides
it was hard enough keeping in touch with the temple leaders now.

No.  I didn't need this.  

Finally after the chant was completed she began to cough and spit up
a great deal of water.  She lay there beside the pool panting while
I threw the implements of the ritual onto a stack of wood.  
"We'll have a nice little bonfire tonight," I thought.
  
                          -oOo-

Chapter 4


 There was one last ritual to perform, one I hadn't learned at the temple
but which I'd taught myself.  Later that night beside the bonfire of
the plastic barrel, rope, cuffs, wood and gasoline I held the sacred
brass gauntlet of the Order which every priest recieves before his or
her first ritual.  It was made of bronze overlayed in brass.  

 A picture in high relief upon it depicted the sacred celestial stairs of 
accension.  The stairs consist of some thirty steps and I had just taken 
the second.  I removed a small stick which I had earlier wrapped a small 
bit of gold leaf about from the fire.  Rubbing the hot end of the stick 
upon the high relief of the second step left a high contrast gold edged
stair.  "Just 28 more levels," I thought.
