                              The Pickup

I was sitting at a table with a bunch of coworkers watching the folks on the 
dance floor. Feeling particularly bored, I started looking around the bar.
My hopes weren't up very high, since it was a straight bar. I noticed him
standing about 10 feet away, dressed in tight jeans, a white shirt open at
the neck and black western boots. My eyes travelled up and down his form.
He had dark brown hair, about 6 feet tall and I'd guess about 170 pounds. He
appeared to be in his mid to late 20's. He had a nice small ass, which the 
tight jeans clung to nicely.

Just as I thought to myself "Now there's a hot young stud!" He happened to
turn and look in my direction. Our eyes met for a few seconds. Since I'd 
had a few beers I was feeling brave and decided to see how long he'd look.
It took him a second or two longer to look away than most straight guys 
would hold eye contact. After he turned away, I glanced back toward the
dance floor and smiled to myself. 

Every so often i would glance over in his direction and each time I did,
he'd look over at me and then go back to talking to his friend. His friend
wasn't bad either, a tall guy with a tight tshirt, jeans, boots and a
black western hat. After a while, I decided to go to the bathroom. This 
meant I had to walk past where he and his friend were standing. I got up and 
made my way across the bar. As I passed in front of him, I smiled and noticed
the tuft of dark chest hair curling up around his open shirt collar. 

This guy was definitely hot! On the way back from the bathroom, I took a
good look at his eyes. He had beautiful blue eyes! When I got back to the 
table, my friends were getting ready to leave. I looked at my watch. It was
11:15 and I decided to stay for one more beer. I had the table to myself and
sat there sipping a fresh beer. I decided I'd see if he danced with or 
approached any girls. He just continued to stand there with his friend, 
watching the dance floor and catching me glancing over every so often. 

I finished my beer and decided to head home. I got up from the table and 
headed for the door. I thought I'd smile and nod as I passed by him, but as
I turned to leave, he was gone! Damn, he was hot looking! Just the type 
of guy I liked. Just my luck too, he was probably straight.

As I stepped outside into the night, I remembered I'd parked along side
the building and headed down the sidewalk. As I rounded the corner of 
the building, I was looking back to see if he was anywhere in sight. Next 
thing I felt was a pair of hands on my chest and a voice said "Whoa buddy!"
I nearly ran right over HIM! Startled, I said, "Oh shit, scuse me" before
even realizing who I'd run into. 

He laughed and said, "That's ok, looking for someone?" with a grin on his
face. I felt myself blushing and muttered a "yeah, sort of." He said, "Hey
you don't happen to have jumper cables, do you? My buddy left his lights on
and the car won't start. I was just on my way back inside to use the phone."
I told him I didn't have any. He said his buddy had to be at work in a few
minutes, and if he was late again, he was going to get fired. I asked where
he worked and he said about 3 miles from here. I offered to give his buddy a
ride to work. He looked at me and said "That'd be really great! Let's go
get him."

We got his friend and I led them to my truck. I found out his name was Dave 
and the guy in the hat was Vince. We got in the truck and Dave sat in the 
middle between us. I thought "shit, at least I got him in my truck next to
me." Dave and Vince were talking while I drove out of the parking lot. I
was busy imagining Dave and I parked somewhere with the windows of my
truck all steamed up when I realized Dave said to me "Would you mind?" He 
asked if I'd mind dropping Vince off and taking him back to get Vince's
car started. I told him no problem.

We dropped Vince off and headed back to the bar. Dave said he'd call the  
Auto Club when we got back to the bar. Then he asked if I wanted to have
another beer before he called them. I said sure, and asked where he wanted
to go. He was looking out the passenger window and said "someplace quiet".
I looked over at him. He was still looking out the window and I said "Any
suggestions?" He looked straight ahead and after a pause said, "how about
your place?". My heart skipped a beat. Did I just hear him correctly? I was 
doing a mental run thru my apartment to recall what shape I'd left it in that
evening. I guess the pause in the conversation was awkwardly long because
he looked over at me and asked "is that ok?". 

I said "yeah, that's cool." We drove the rest of the way and made some small
talk about work, hobbies, etc. He seemed interested in my computers and
asked if he could see them. When we got to my place, we walked in and I 
went into the kitchen and brought back 2 beers. Dave was looking through
my rack of CD's and picked one out to play. I smiled at his choice, Trisha
Yearwood's Hearts In Armour. He handed it to me and said "I like that "Down
On My Knees" song." I smiled and put it in the CD player. I was beginning to
think, hey maybe this little stud isn't so straight after all! He looked
around the living room and said, "Where's the computers?" I replied "They're
in the bedroom". He looked towards the doorway and asked if I'd show him.

I led the way into the bedroom and turned on the pc. As it was booting up,
I panicked for a moment because my Windows bitmap was a naked guy with a
hardon. I wasn't sure how he'd take that, so as it got closer to finishing
booting up, I turned towards him and asked if he was ready for another beer.
His eyes were on the screen and I saw them widen and he just stood staring
at the monitor. Well, this was the moment of truth. I asked him if he was ok.
He stared at the screen and asked "how did you do that?" I turned and looked 
at the screen. I said "Oh, I was converting some pictures into windows
wallpaper for a friend of mine. A program I have does that." Nervously I
took a big gulp of my beer and looked at him, smiling. He looked away from 
the screen and after taking a hit off his beer asked if I had anymore like
that. 

I said that I did and asked if he wanted to see more. He said "yeah, I've
never seen anything like this on a computer!" I brought up a GIF Viewer and
showed him how to use the mouse to look at the files. I said I was going to 
take a piss and get another beer. He asked me to bring him back one. When I 
passed back thru the living room, "Down On My Knees" was playing and I turned 
up the volume a little. I got back and stood next to him sitting in my desk 
chair. He was looking at one of my favorite GIF's and asked where I get 
these kinds of pictures. I explained about GIF files and how they were made
and a little about bulletin boards. He was drinking his second beer as I
was talking and handed me the empty can. I asked him if he'd like another
and he said "yeah, and what else do you have on this computer?"

I gave him his third beer and showed him a few .FLI files that I have. All
male, of course. He was amazed that you could do so much with a computer.
I was leaning down showing him how to play the flies and since he wasn't
objecting to the male porno I was showing him, I put my hand on his
shoulder while we talked and looked at the two guys fucking on my screen.
He looked at me and asked how to get back to the still picutres. I showed
him how to doi it and he went to a GIF file of a guy sucking on a cock. He
said "I've never done that before". Then took a big swallow of beer and
continued by saying "but sometimes I think about it". I laughed and
after keeping up with his three beers said "I think about it a lot". 

I could tell he was nervous. I did a crotch check on him and I could tell 
his basket had grown and he was probably at least half hard. My hand was 
still on his shoulder. He was still looking at the GIF of the blowjob
and said "What does it taste like?" I replied, "Well, everyone tastes
different, it just depends." My voice got lower and I said, "Dave, if you'd
like to satisfy a curiosity, I wouldn't mind at all. I think you're very
attractive." He turned the chair around and faced me. His face was level
with my crotch. It was obivious I had a hardon in my jeans. He stared at
it and finally looked up at me. "Take it out and let me see it", he finally
said. "Why don't you take it out for me, unbutton my jeans.", I said.

He reached up and undid my top button, then the second and third ones. I
untucked my shirt and pulled it up out of the way. "Go on, Dave. One last
button". He tugged at the last button and his hands brushed against the
outline of my hard cock still inside my briefs and jeans. "Now pull the jeans
down, Dave". He tugged my jeans down to my knees. I could tell he was rock-
hard in his own jeans now, but I didn't want to interrupt him from undressing
me. He followed each command and waited for the next one. "Now, take your 
hand and feel my cock inside my briefs." He reached up and cupped his hand
over the bulge in my BVD's. My cock was pointing to the left, alongside
my hip, hard as a rock. His fingers followed the shaft from the base to the 
head. When his fingers reached the wet spot at the head, he stopped and
then his fingers went to the waistband. I thought he was going to pull them
down, but instead he slipped his fingers inside and started playing with the
head of my cock, which was leaking precum like crazy. 

I was rubbing my one hand over his shoulder and neck and when I looked down 
at his crotch, his other hand was rubbing his hard cock through his jeans. 
"Why don't you take my cock out, Dave? It's really cramped in my briefs." He
pulled the waistband away from my body and as he tugged them down with one
hand, my cock spilled out over the top and pointed straight at him. He took
it in his hand without being told to. His other hand left his crotch and
pulled my underwear the rest of the way down, then went back to rubbing
his hard cock. I said, "Why don't you take yours out and give it some room
too?" With his hand still on my cock, lightly stroking the shaft and
driving me crazy he replied, " Wouldn't you rather take it out for me?" 

I reached down and pulled him out of the chair to a standing position. He
still had a grip on my cock as I unbuckled his belt and undid his jeans.
I was just about to push his jeans down when he said "If you touch it, I'm
gonna come" and with that he knelt down in front of me. He took my hard,
throbbing cock to his lips and started to run his tongue along the shaft. 
He stopped and said, "you have to tell me what to do." I said "Just do 
what you like to have done to yourself, what feels good when you get a 
blowjob." 

With that, he took the head of my cock into his mouth and began to swirl his
tongue around it. Suddenly, the room got very warm and my knees got weak. I
pulled him over and I sat on the edge of the bed. He again knelt in front of
me and asked if he was doing it right. I told him he was doing just great, 
and to keep it up. He tried taking the shaft into his throat and began to 
gag. I eased it back out of his throat and told him to take his time and 
relax. Don't try to swallow the whole thing, take it a little at a time.

He followed my instructions and soon was getting most of my shaft down
his throat on the downstroke. His head was bobbing up and down over my
crotch and I leaned forward and looked down. He had his cock out and
was stroking quite a nice piece of meat. I could see the precum oozing from
the head and over his fingers. He was beginning to breathe heavily. I knew
he was going to come soon. I asked him if he was ready to taste cum. He
looked up at me and shook his head yes. 

I told him to stand up. He stood up and I leaned forward and took his cock
in my mouth. He started moaning and bucking his hips. I reached up under
his shirt and started playing with his nipples. Both we hard and pointing
straight out. He started to gasp and said "oh man, I'm gonna....cum" I took
his cock out of my mouth and said "Shoot your load all over my cock, Dave!"
He started stroking his cock while i rubbed my finger against his sweaty
asshole. That pushed him right over the edge and he shot a huge, hot load.
Most of it landed on my cock and balls. The first shot was so strong that it
blasted me in the chest. He was standing in front of me, stroking the last
few drops of cum off the end of his cock. He looked so hot, I decided to
give him what I knew he secretly wanted, to taste cum! 

I ordered him back on his knees. He knelt in front of me and I grabbed the
back of his head. I said "Ok you little stud, it's time for you to taste some
cum....your own!" and I drove my cock, covered with his own cum into his 
mouth. He started to protest, but with his mouth full of my throbbing cock,
whatever he was saying only came out mumbled. After a few seconds, the 
protests stopped and he began sucking my cock harder and faster. His eyes
were closed and he was playing with his cock again, which looked like it was
getting hard again. 

My fingers were tangled up in his hair and I was driving my cock in and out 
of his hot mouth. I moaned at him to tighten up his cheeks and suck harder.
He did, and the sight of him kneeling in front of me, bobbing up and down
on my cock, spit and cum leaking from the corners of his mouth was enough
to put me over the edge. I pulled my cock out of his mouth and told him to 
stand up. I stood in front of him and wrapped my arm around him.  My fist was
flying over my cock and my intent was to hold him against me while I came
all over his cock. When i pulled him against me, the little fucker locked
his lips on mine and started kissing me!

That did it, I let loose with the first shot of cum and had to hang onto
his shoulders as I finished cumming all over his cock and stomach. I broke
the kiss gasping for air and sweating like mad. I looked down to find him 
stroking his cum covered cock. He pushed down on my shoulders and sat me
back down on the edge of the bed. "Turn about is fair play" he said as he
drove his cock into my mouth. My cum was still hot and I could taste the
thickness of it as he pumped his meat in and out of my mouth. I started to
deep-throat him and again my hand found it's way to his sweaty asscrack. 


This time, my finger found the right spot and I slowly started shoving my
finger up inside his tight asshole. This got him up on his toes and he
was trying to reach behind himself and dislodge my finger. I grabbed his 
arm and held it as I swallowed his cock all the way to his pubic hairs and
my finger eased in up to the second knuckle. He was moaning and screamed
"Oh god, I'm gonna cum again!" I took his cock out of my mouth and started
stroking it with my left hand while my right hand still had it's middle
finger buried in his ass. I could feel his ass start to spasm around my
finger and I knew his cum was about to blow. I aimed his cock at my
chest and hehe started saying "Oh yeah...oh yeah...here it....cumsssssss"
and i felt the hot jism start pelting my chest. It was a smaller, but 
just as thick load as the first one. I slowly slid my finger out of his 
ass and he stood there shaking as his breathing returned to normal. 

We got cleaned up and he called the Auto Club from my apartment. I gave him
my phone number and said if he wanted to meet again to give me a call. He
said he was thinking about buying a computer and asked if I would set up
some files on his like I had on mine. I told him I'd be happy to. I drove
him back to his friends car and told him to give me a call soon. I'm 
hoping he does!
                            The End
