Archive-name: Casual/pickups.txt
Archive-author: Lazarus Long
Archive-title: Pickups


I'm wondering how in hell I am going to make it to the party. 
That lousy car of mine screwed me again.  Middle of Nowhere!  Oh
well.  Might as well get out the old thumb.  I can see a car
coming from the distance.
 
VVVVRRRRROOOOOOMMMMM!  "HEYYYYY!  Not so Close!"  Damn sports car
drivers think they own the ...!  (Screeech)  What the hell? 
Stopping?  Backing up?  Why would anybody stop for me anyway?  
Hmmmmm.  Nice.  I always liked red sports cars and sporty women. 
Be cool.  This chick must've seen something she likes.  ("Keep
your mouth shut, and let her lead," I'm thinking to myself.)  I
point helplessly at my heap of worthless junk, steaming its life
away.

I give you my best look of helpless dismay.  "Any chance of a
lift?"  You are looking me over real carefully.  I put my hands
on the open window ledge, so you can see they are clean.  I don't
want you to think I'm a drifter.  "OK,  hop in,"  you say.  You
don't have to tell me twice!  Far Out!  You put on sunglasses,
jam into gear, and burn rubber.  ("You must go through a lot of
tires,"  I think.)

OHMYGOD!  The wind is blowing so hard it is pushing your shirt
partly open.  The top four or five buttons are undone, and I can
see part of your left breast.  ("Don't stare!  Be cool.  Don't
let her know, or she will button up.)

Oh shit!  You just slipped your right hand inside your shirt and
are rubbing under your tit!  Your wrist is holding your shirt
open a little more, giving me a magnificent full view -- nipple
and all.  You keep moving your hand around, lifting your breast,
wiggling it.  I'm gonna pass out!  ("Be Cool!  Act natural,
Stupid!  Don't blow it.")  I relax my eyes a little, so you don't
think I'm a pop-eyed, jerkoff juvenile.  I'm 40 years old, for
CHRISSAKE!  If you are hot for an "afternoon delight", I want you
to know I can handle it.

I can't BELIEVE this is happening!  You just pinched your nipple
and pulled on it!   You let it go slowly, leaving the nipple even
more prominent than before.  I am dying to suck on it.  My cock
is hard as a steel bar, and I am very uncomfortable.  It grew in
an awkward way, and I'm trying to be discrete about moving it to
a more comfortable position inside my pants.  I'm moaning quietly
to myself, and almost drooling!  Your eyes never leave the road. 
Or me?  I can't tell for sure because of your sunglasses.  (I ask
myself in dismay, "What are you DOING to me?  What is on your
MIND, woman?")


======================

From   : SUPER SPORT
To     : LAZARUS LONG

As I drive on, speeding, playing with my nipple, teasing it,
wanting lips and teeth pulling on it instead of my finger.  Hey,
I've been so  engrossed with myself I haven't really even noticed
him!

He seems ok ... just him being in the car has me excited, and the 
show I'm giving him. He seems barely able to control himself ... 
As we cruise on, I really look at him for the first time ...
middle aged, but attractive ... he can't tell if I'm looking at
him or not ... GOD, this is exciting ....

My long, brown hair flows out behind me, my well shaped 34C
breasts teasing you ....

He's wondering what's next ... I don't even know myself ... maybe
I should ask him where he's going ....


=====================

From   : LAZARUS LONG
To     : SUPER SPORT

I was sure you turned your head an inch in my direction.  But you
then turned back to face the road.  You put both hands back on
the steering wheel.  I make a big deal about trying to find
something in one of my pockets.  But really, shifting my hips
around, I manage to get my cock straight in my pants.  My jeans
are too damn tight.  My cock is rigid with horny lustfulness,
and it is really making itself obvious.  I want to cover up so
you don't get pissed off and kick me out.  But I'm half sure that
you turned me on on purpose, and would rather I unzipped my fly. 
 
I'm sure you can see the effect you had on me.  I'm not one of
those super studs with 12" battering rams.  But my equipment is
long enough.  I have always been pleased by my sexual partners'
responses.  And two of my girlfriends have had to really work to
get it in because of its thickness.  I wonder if you have a tiny,
tight pussy like them.  Maybe you'll let me know.  Squeezing your
nipples in a sports car with a stranger sitting next to you is a
pretty good sign.
 
I found the piece of paper I was pretending to look for, and I
hold it out to you.  "Are you going anywhere near this address?" 
I ask.  "There is a pool party being given there by some of my
older college buddies."  You reach for the paper, and your hand
closes over mine and holds it for a few seconds.  Then you take
the paper and read the address.  "You are in luck, my friend,"
you say.  "We are heading for the same party."
 
I thought I was hard before!  The thought of getting a chance to
suck and nibble on your tits at this party is unbearable.  I
can't believe my luck!  I'm kind of shy.  While I let my barriers
down easily enough after a few hours, that is usually too late at
parties.  By the time I get to know a lady, she has already
decided who she is going home with.  My good looks and youthful
appearance are not enough to make up for being 5'7 and having a
pot belly.  I am not worried about getting into a swim suit.  I
just need to let my other qualities shine through.
 
"Did you bring your suit?"  I ask.  I know you must have, but I
am trying to make some light conversation.  The party is about
half an hour down the road, and I really want to make a lasting
impression (and friend) while I have your undivided attention. 
"Sure did!" you reply.  And you let go of the steering wheel,
grabbed your skirt with both hands, lifted your ass, and pulled
your skirt up around your waist.  Hummmph!  ("Breathe, fool!  If
you don't breathe, you are going to pass out and miss
everything," I scream silently to myself.)  For an instant, I
thought you were nude underneath.  Then I saw the tiny strings
holding the tiny hair-colored triangle of cloth.

 
=====================

From   : SUPER SPORT
To     : LAZARUS LONG

Damn, I think ... what is it going to take to get this guy going? 
He just sits there ... acting as though he's in pain or something
... Oh, I get it, he's a little shy...well, we'll work on that.

"Hey", I ask, "how did you get invited to this party?" ... He
responds about old college buddies ... I wonder I ask him if he
likes my swimsuit ... The only response is a stammered yes ....

Well, I'll get him going somehow.  I reach down between my legs
and stroke my pussy through my swimsuit with my long nails ... 
getting wet and uncomfortable now ... he's squirming a lot now,
sure would like to see that hard-on ...   he hasn't even noticed
we're not heading toward the address he showed me ... somewhere
else, somewhere quiet, somewhere I may invite him into my
backseat ....

He's trying not to stare, but he can't help it ... it encourages
me to be more daring ... I pull the fabric of my swimsuit aside,
and sink my middle finger deep into my pussy ... GOD! That feels
good ... his mouth is open now, ready to catch flies or
something ... I'll bet he doesn't even know....   I flick my clit
with my finger, oohhhhh ... quiet, you'll scare him off if you
make too much noise ....
 
I'm really turned on now, and 65 mph at the same time.  OK ...how
am I going to get a view of that cock?

=====================

From   : LAZARUS LONG
To     : SUPER SPORT

I may be shy, but not stupid.  You have definitely revved my
engine.  Small talk is not on your mind.  In fact, I am ready,
willing, and able to make a big impression.  I reach over and
gently take hold of your wrist.  You resist a little, because
your hand is briskly rubbing your pussy inside that skimpy suit
bottom.  I firmly pull your wet fingers to my nose and sniff long
and deeply at your cunt juices.  Then, my eyes never leaving your
face, I start to suck on your fingers.  I lick all of the pussy
juice, and give your middle finger a real workout with my lips,
teeth and tongue.
 
When the delicious smell and taste is gone, I press your hand
against my bulging cock.  With my other hand, I reach inside your
suit bottom. It takes just a second to get my fingers soaked with
your lubrication. Then I bring my fingers to my nose to sniff
deeply again, and lick your juices off my fingers.  You are
pushing, poking, and squeezing me through my jeans.
 
One more time, I reach inside your pussy for more nectar.  This
time, I pull the near side of your shirt open and go straight for
your nipple.  I get your nipple all slippery.  Then I lean over,
gently rub and squeeze you to make your aureole stand out, and
suck your nipple into my mouth.  I am in heaven.  I lick and suck
and nibble on your nipple,  while reaching over to rub, massage
and squeeze your other tit.
 
Kicking off my gym shoes, I pause to strip down to my suit.  I
unzip my jeans, and quickly wiggle out of them.  I am wearing
only my brief Speedo suit, which doesn't hide the shape of my
cock.  In fact, the head of my cock is peeking out of the
waistband.  Looking up, I see that we aren't on the road to the
party anymore.  It takes a moment to figure out what happened. 
I see you know the way to the secluded area that lovers use for
backseat bingo.  YES!  It's gonna happen!  I'm in love again! 
You reach inside your pussy for more juice, and your hand quickly
finds my hot rod again.  You tug at my suit to completely uncover
me, and then slip and slide your slick hand up and down my stick
shift.  You really know how to handle a man.
 
We spin to a stop in one of the many hidden nooks.  You are
almost frantic as you try to climb over the seat into the back. 
But I grab your hips and stop you, using my shoulder to push your
legs apart. Your suit bottom has fallen off, and you are hanging
spread-eagled across the back of the seat.  I stick my face into
your pussy from behind and shove my tongue deep inside you.  I
feel you push back against my face.  I start caressing your ass
while making love to your cunt with my nose and tongue.  I lick
and suck on your clitoris with my nose buried inside of you.  My
curly brown beard is dripping wet from your passionate, juicy
squirming.


=====================

From   : SUPER SPORT
To     : LAZARUS LONG

I'm trying to climb into the back ... I'm ready for it damn it!! 
But he's got his head between ooohhhhhhh my oohh legs ... GOD,
he's got me  hot ... his tongue is probing my pussy, licking my
clit ....

I grab his head and force it closer (I wonder if he can still 
breath?)  That's a boy, nibble on my clit ... my orgasm is
getting closer, but not just yet ....

I pull away and get to the back seat. I invite you back with me. 
You sit next to me, and I begin stroking your shaft again.  I
kiss you  deeply, tasting my juices on your lips and in your
beard.  I kiss and  bite your neck, then your chest and bite your
nipples, all the while  still stroking your hard member ... my
mouth works it's way downward,  slowly, you moaning with
anticipation...I kiss your chest, downward, licking your
bellybutton, downward, and finally the tip of your shaft is in
view ....

I hold your shaft firmly, and flick my tongue over it.  You jerk 
from the sudden movement, then ease back ....

I start to take your whole cock deep into my mouth ....

=====================

From   : LAZARUS LONG   
To     : SUPER SPORT

I can never get enough of that pussy smell.  Both pussy smells. 
That spicy, "I am juicy and want a cock inside me" smell.  And
that sharp, acrid "Wahooo!  I am comiiiiiing, now!" smell. 
Especially that second smell.  Pheromones.  That's what it must
be.  Who can think about pheromones with a nose stuck inside a
squirming pussy? I can.  I don't need air at a time like this. 
(Oh, maybe a little through my mouth between licking and sucking
on your pussy).  But I have you where I want you ... bent over
the seat with my nose in your cunt from behind.  And I am
sniffing as hard as I can to get that smell.
 
But you won't let me satisfy you.  How disappointing.  I know you
liked it because You squirmed all over me.  And there was just a
tiny hint of that second smell.  But you quit before you came,
and climbed into the back seat.  I am not far behind, and I land
in the seat next to you.  You pop a few of my buttons to get to
my chest, but Hey.  Shirts are cheap.  Pussy is priceless.  And I
am going to get into yours.  Yes!
 
You grab my cock and squeeze, hard.  I love it.  And while you
start working your way from my neck down to my belly, I am
moaning with the pleasure of it all.  Please don't tease me. 
Squeeze me harder.  Suck on me hard!  Yes!  Your tongue gives the
end of my cock a quick lick, and I feel a jolt of intense
pleasure.  Then your lips kiss the head of my penis, grab hold
tightly and SUCK on the end.  Your hand continues to squeeze the
rest of my rock hard shaft, slowly sliding up and down.  Then I
feel you slowly, but with intense suction, sliding your mouth
further down.  The pressure of your lips, tongue, and hand is
sheer ecstasy.  I can feel my semen being sucked into the
channel, and I whimper, "I want to screw."
 
In the meantime, I have found your pussy with my fingers.  You
are now laying on your side with your mouth smoothly and firmly
sucking up and down my cock.  Your top leg opens up for me, and
you roll almost onto your back.  Your legs are now wide apart for
me.  I lay across you and grab your inner thighs with both hands. 
I open your outer pussy lips with my thumbs and rub your clitoris
between them.  Then I bury my nose into your pussy again.  I wrap
my arms around your ass and suck on your hot, juicy cunt as hard
as you are sucking on me.  I want to screw you, but you won't let
go.
 
I feel now that it is too late. I really don't like coming inside
a girl's mouth, because I never know how she is going to like it. 
But you were warned.  I stop long enough to yell.  "Stop.  I'm
coming"  But  You just increase your slippery, sliding, sucking
pace.  Faster, faster.  Oh, no.  It's too late!  I'm coming.  And
I bury my face and tongue inside your pussy and pump, and fuck,
and push, and suck, and squeeze you with my arms as my semen and
sperm rushes and pumps and slides up my penis into your sucking
mouth.  It seems to go on forever.  Unbelievable intense agony
and pleasure.  Pump, spurt, pump, spurt.  Ten, fifteen times. 
Then pump, twitch.  Pump, twitch. Over and over.  And through it
all I am rubbing my nose, lips and tongue in that second smell.


=====================

From   : SUPER SPORT
To     : LAZARUS LONG

Oh, I love the taste of a mans cum ... I really sucked him off
well.  He couldn't even sit still.  And the way he sucked on my
pussy.  God, he's good at that.

Well, it's starting to get soft.  We'll fix that.  I wanted to
make him cum before I let him fuck me so that when I finally
did, he should last longer.  I start licking his balls, the
inside of his thighs, and circle down to his anus.  Oh, yes, it's
starting to get hard again.  After a short rest, you're eating my
pussy again, too.  Oh, baby, stick your fingers deep inside of
me.  Tickle my asshole, baby!!

I continue to licking and kissing your balls, finally taking
them into my mouth and gently biting them.  I lick up and down
your shaft, and sensing that you are ready, I come up, pull your
face from my pussy, and kiss you deeply.  You recoil a little at
first, tasting your own cum, but them kiss me back deeply. 

I move and sit on your lap, plunging your cock deep in my  pussy
....


=====================

From   : LAZARUS LONG
To     : SUPER SPORT

You really got me this time.  I've enjoyed sex with new friends
before.  But never like this.  Never in the back seat of a car,
without even knowing your name.  You were so good!  And you still
are.  My penis is loosing its hardness.  I am spent.  But you
don't move away like I expect.  Instead, you shift your hips a
little so I can lick you more.  You tilt your hips so that my
nose is buried inside you while I suck your clitoris.  I gently
chew, ever so lightly, on your inner and outer pussy lips, and
stroke deep inside your juicy love box with a few fingers.  Your
mouth is still wrapped around my cock, and I can hardly stand the
exquisite torture of your tongue rubbing it and sucking all of my
semen and sperm out of it.

I can see your anus because your legs are so wide apart for me. 
I slide some lubrication all over my fingers, and smear it on the
outside of your honey hole.  I have never done this before.  You
must like it, because you tilt even more towards me.  I study
what I am doing, because I want to do it right.  As I rub little
circles around your back door, I see the wrinkles smooth out. 
The muscle begins to relax, and I can scratch lightly around the
inside edge.  More and more, your anal sphincter becomes smooth
and puffy.  It even seems to be trying to turn itself inside out
for me, so that I can itch more of the smooth inner wall. 

I haven't been playing with your pussy for a few minutes, and it
is twitching all by itself.  I bury my nose, lips and tongue in
it again. At the same time, I gently itch inside your anus with
the tip of my finger.  My slow, short strokes -- in, out, and
twisting -- are really getting to you.  You start squirming under
me, moan loudly, and then jerk a few times.  At the same time,
nose deeply buried in your cunt,  I get another strong whiff of
that special, oh-so-wonderful sharp smell.  I am not the macho
type, but knowing you just came again fills me with pride.

From your non-stop licking and sucking action, from your obvious
horniness, and from the powerful pheromones filling my nose, I
swell to ready hardness again.  You slowly disengage your mouth,
giving the end of my cock a long minute of loving, kissing and
sucking attention, and wiggle out from under me.  We sit up and
you climb onto my lap.  Your full breasts are bare, and I cup
them in my hands and suck on your nipples.  Then, you lift my
chin and plant your open mouth on mine.  I don't like the taste
of my semen.  But my initial reaction is overcome by your horny
body climbing all over me.  Your hand reaches down to guide my
stiff cock into your wet love box.
 
Our mouths are locked in a passionate kiss.  Our lips, teeth, and
tongues are sucking, licking and gently biting each others lips
and tongues.  My hands explore your breasts, and I carefully and
gently pull and roll your nipples with my fingers.  You squirm
around to lubricate my cock with your pussy juice.  Then you
grunt deeply and settle yourself all the way down to its base.  I
am squeezing your ass, and rubbing it all over.  I reach far down
around the curve until my fingers feel your outer and inner pussy
lips wrapped around my cock.  My hands under you give you enough
support to get your feet onto the car seat.  Now you are
squatting on me, using your legs to slide all the way up my
shaft -- almost pulling yourself off me, but not quite.  Then all
the way down.  And again. Slowly.  And again.  I love it, and
feel like I can go on like this for hours.  I am ready to make
love with you as long as you want.


=====================

From   : SUPER SPORT
To     : LAZARUS LONG

I squat down until your cock is buried deep within me.  I slowly
inch up until you're almost out of me, then back down, enjoying
your cock stretching my vaginal walls outward.  I continue to
move up and down,  building up slowly.

I lean forward slightly, guiding my nipples to your mouth.  You 
begin to suck on them.  I whisper into your ear to bite them
gently.  You comply.

I am close to cumming once again, having trouble believing I'm 
doing this with someone I don't even know.  I take your hand
which is squeezing my ass and guide it to my anus.  You lubricate
your fingers with our love juices, then slowly begin to probe my
puckered asshole.   As it enters, I am transported to new heights
of ecstasy, and am barely coherent of what I'm doing.  I feel you
building as well, our fucking movements more intense, faster,
harder....

I probe my hand between our legs and squeeze your balls.  That
does it. You begin pumping under me with a fury unknown, and I
return every thrust.  Faster, harder, until ooooohhhhh ... 
OOOOHHHHH.

We come together .... it takes some time .... spent, we lie in 
each others arms .............


=====================

From   : LAZARUS LONG
To     : SUPER SPORT

Now that all of the urgency of frantic, first-time sexual abandon
has been taken care of, we settle into smooth love-making.  Your
striking hazel eyes gaze into mine steadily.  For the first time,
we are speaking to each other.  Not with words, but with our eyes
and bodies. Up until now it was lust.  You sucked me off because
you love the idea of sucking cock.  And you love the smell and
taste of semen and sperm. I sucked you off because I love the
idea of sucking pussy. And I love the smell and taste of pussy
lubrication.
 
After I came in your mouth I was satisfied.  And I continued to
lick your pussy and play with you to give you pleasure.  After
you came the second time you were satisfied.  And you continued
loving care and kisses on the end of my cock to give me pleasure. 
Our union now is almost tearful, as we share this wonderful
intimate knowledge of each other.  As you squat on my hard penis,
I can feel your vaginal walls caressing me.  And I support you
by your ass to help you achieve maximum pleasure.  We take long,
deep strokes.  I try to make the hard edge around the tip of my
cock reach you all over inside -- to scratch your inner itches,
to caress your inner walls, to rub against your clitoris and
your G spot.  You are massaging my cock from base to tip with
your muscles.  You use your legs to give full range of motion, to
kiss and rub the head of my cock with your pussy lips, to rub the
sensitive outer nerve bundle with slow, full strokes.
 
You lift your breasts to my mouth because you know I am hungry
for them.  You whisper in my ear, "Bite them gently,"  because
you know I want desperately to suck and chew on your nipples.  I
bury my face between your breasts, and rub my beard up and down,
side to side. I squeeze your breasts together, and nuzzle them. 
Then I take both nipples at once into my mouth.  Softly, I suck
on them.  Gently, I chew on them.  My hands caress and squeeze
the fullness of your breasts as I nurse on your nipples.
 
After a long time of dizzy heaven, your pace begins to pick up. I
sense that you are shifting into an instinctive biological
rhythm.  Perhaps it is in time with your heartbeat.  Your
whimpers strike a chord deep in my loins, and I feel my semen
building pressure again.  I reach further around your ass to feel
my cock sliding inside your pussy. Long, deep strokes.  Very
slippery.  Moving faster.  My wet fingers brush against your
anus, and I feel you spread your ass cheeks wider for me.  I
touch around the edges, and you shift your ass to center your
anus my finger.  The sphincter muscle relaxes as I scratch around
its inner edge.  I push a finger upward a little on your
upstroke, and you reverse quickly to capture my finger tip.  

You have now moved into overdrive.  But you are not by yourself. 
Your eyes lock onto mine and you are smiling, humming, and
moaning.  "Come with me, Baby," you huskily whisper.  Hmmmmm.  
Hmmmmm.  We are breathing and humming and softly whimper-moaning
together, in time with our long, slippery strokes.  "Come with
me, Baby,"  you urge me. Your hand reaches around behind you, and
you gently rub and manipulate my balls.  "Come with me.  Now," 
you insist.  Your hand sends thrills of pleasure through me.  I
feel the semen enter the channel, filling it to the head of my
cock again.  My eyes fill with tears at the exquisite pleasure of
your pussy strokes, your hand strokes, your nipples teasing my
chest, your lips sucking on mine, your eyes holding mine.  "Come
with me.  Now.  Yes.  Now.  YES."  And I go over the edge.  "Yes,
I'm coming.  Yes.  Now.  YES".  We push and shove and fuck and
squirm and slide and pump and squirt and squeeze and hug and
kiss and pump and fuck.  Over and over again.  Over and over. 
YES. Over and over.  Pumping, squeezing, twitching, squirming,
pushing and hugging and kissing.  Hugging and kissing.  Twitching
and kissing. Hugging and squeezing and crying and kissing and
sucking and rubbing. Over and over.  Over and over.  And Over...
and over.

We gently glide to a quivering stop in each others arms.  I am
rubbing and stroking your arms and back and waist and ass.  You
are rubbing my shoulders and neck and beard and hair, smothering
me with wet, sloppy kisses as I am doing to you.  We are
whimpering and moaning. Hmmmmmm.    Hmmmmmmm.   Hmmmmmmmm.  
Hmmm.  Hmmm.   Hmm.  Softly. Almost like cats purring.  Our arms
glide slowly to rest around each other.  We snuggle into each
other's arms.  I shift my hips further down so you can lay
flatter on me.  Your feet have already slipped out from under
you.  You snuggle your hips across mine, knees spread wide on
each side.  We rest.  We murmur.  We fall asleep.   Hmmmmmmm.

--
