Archive-name: Bondage/pickup-1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Double Pick Up


My master has required me to post this true story to the newsgroup and
ask for feedback, both positive and negative, and whether or not you'd
all like to know what happens after the end to this story...

A little about myself and Kathy:  I am 25, SWF, long, curly red hair
with a 38D-27-36 figure.  Kathy is 24, SWF, midlength straight blonde hair
with a 36A/B-30-32 figure.  We are both bi-sexual and live together.

What follows is the text of the letter I sent to my Master.  I was commanded
to follow his instructions, and this is an account of what happened to me
this weekend.


Friday:

I went to a local store that sold all of what was on your list.  It was a
drug store in Minneapolis.  I bought 1 large box of rubbers, a Gallery
magazine, a Hustler magazine, and a tube of K-Y jelly.  The trip was not
eventful in any way, as it must be somewhat normal.  I did tell the salesman
that my Master commanded me to purchase these items for his pleasure, and
all he said was to each his own.

When I got home, I stripped and put on my strap-on dildo, asking Kathy
what she would like for dinner and told her that we would be busy for at
least a few hours.  I cooked her stir-fry and rice, which was what she
requested.  I asked her if I could dine with her, and getting into the
domination scene, she said I could eat with her, IF I sat on the floor and
ate with no utensils and without using my hands.  I was hungry for both sex
and food, so I complied.  Just as we finished dinner, I drew a bath for Lady
Kathy and gave her a nice bath, washing her from the tips of her toes up to
her face.  I paid special attention to her pussy and her small breasts, so
she was quite horny after I toweled her off.

Kathy brought me into her room and commanded me to give her the full body
massage you had required of me.  I started with her feet, moved up her
calves and thighs, then up to her back and her shoulders/neck.  When
complete, she said I must eat her now, as she was in dire need of an orgasm,
and NOW!

Kathy turned over onto her back and spread her legs open wide for me near
the edge of her bed,  I was on the floor on my knees now, and I started by
teasing her - licking her labia and outer pussy, careful not to stick my
tongue in her twat nor to pay any attention to her clit.  After a short time,
she grabbed the back of my head and said to get her off quickly - no teasing!
I used a finger (then two, then three) on her pussy, moving it in and out while
I was using my tongue as an assault on her clit.  I wanted to taste her, so I
moved down to her very wet pussy and sampled her flavor, using my nose to
stimulate her clit.  She wanted to please me, but I did not know if it was
allowed, so I asked her to wait... we could do that a bit later.

I slurped and sucked on her beautiful pussy, bringing her to orgasm quite
quickly after she wanted me to.  She then told me to fill her pussy up
with the fake cock (I will now omit the word "fake" in the future) and make
her come again.  I was quite horny and excited by this point, so I wanted to
get her off fast.  She moved up onto the bed and I moved between her legs,
taking some of my pussy juice to lube up the cock that I'd soon be fucking
her with.  I entered her in one quick stroke, pushing my cock into and out
of her tight twat.  She wanted to ride the cock, so she had me on my back now,
and was riding the cock, moving up and down on it quickly as I fingered and
flicked her clit, trying to get her off fast.  After a surprisingly short time,
Kathy came and requested that we 69, but I asked her to wait until...

Saturday:

Kathy and I went to one of the local pick-up joints (Fowl Play) about 1 PM.
She wore a purple skirt and a matching top, earrings, and pumps.  I put on
my tightest, smallest leather black mini, a green tube-top, fishnet stockings
complete with garter belt, no underwear, and green pumps.  If I may say so,
we looked hot!

Once we got into the bar (free!, I might add) we were approached by a man that
offered to buy us a drink.  We accepted, of course, and talked with him for
some time.  I left Kathy with him and went over to a table where two guys
were talking and asked them if I could have a seat.  They both perked up and
said sure, did I need another drink?...  I accepted, and began to talk with
them.  They were from VT and MA, and were students at one of the smaller local
colleges.  They asked about me, we chit-chatted, and eventually Kathy came
over to us and had a seat.  They bought us both another drink, and Kathy
commented on Tom - the first guy to buy us a drink.  She said he was alone and
he wouldn't do for our little assignment.

Flamer asked what that assignment was, and Kathy commanded me to tell them,
which I did.  Their eyes widened when I said I was to pick up two men and
take them home and please them in any (non-anal (I think I added that)) way
that the guys saw fit.  Frank then asked, point blank, if they were going to
go home with us.  I told them that it would depend upon their views on safer
sex.  Both professed to the use of condoms and they said that they had some
with them, just in case a fantasy would come true.  I told him that they
would never forget their afternoon with us, but only if they didn't mind
being seen naked in front of each other, as I would want to suck them both
off when they were there, and that Kathy and I wanted to put a show on for
them.

We all finished our drinks and sauntered out of the bar... I was much more
interested in Frank, and I think Kathy was too, but that didn't matter.  We
were both in need of getting off, and these two lucky men would fit the bill.
Tom would have done, but he was alone and I doubt he would have wanted to get
naked with another guy in the room he had never met.  They asked if we could
lead them home, or if we wanted to go to one of their places.  We said that
we would need a ride home, since we had taken a taxi there, knowing full well
that two hot young women could be picked up and brought home, if we wanted
that to happen... and we did!

Flamer took me home, and Frank drove Kathy home.  Being that she is the
dominant in our relationship, she got the pick of the litter.  Flamer was
short - only about 5'6" tall, and being that I was near 6'1" in my pumps,
I think I was intimidating him a bit.  I told him to relax and gave him the
directions to out place.  He had a nice body - like he taked care of it, save
a small beer belly, but I was excited with him in his car.  I wanted him,
now, later... SOON!  So when the car started, I slid over in the bucket seat
(What ever happened to the good old cars without bucket seats?!) and fondled
his cock through his jeans.  I undid the button fly after unbuckling his
belt.  I then moved his cock over the edge of his briefs... exposing what
I believe was an enormous cock for such a short man.  It must have been about
8" or so, but it's hard to tell after men tell you that their 5 or 6 incher
is 7 or 8 inches in length, but it was larger than normal, both in lenght and
in width, all of which made me quite happy.

I started to suck Flamer off in his car while he was driving to out place.  He
was hard right away (as should any man be that had me in his car!) and I licked
the pre-cum from the tip of his cock, my tongue dancing around the ridge of his
uncircumcized cock.  He said that he didn't know if I should continue, as he
was having trouble concentrating on the road, so I asked if that meant he wanted
me to stop.  Realizing that he didn't want that, he said he'd try to keep his
eyes on the road and concentrate better.  That's all I needed to hear, so I then
engulfed his cock in one motion, wetting it from the tip down to the root.
Actually, I couldn't go all the way down to the root on my first try, but within
a few more bobs of my head, I realized I could accomodate his penis fully as
long as my head were in the proper direction.  I looked up once and Flamer had
a big smile on his face, and was gripping the steering wheel quite hard, as his
knuckles were getting white.  I continued to give Flamer a blowjob, bobbing up
and down on his cock, and he was kind enough to warn me that he was about to
shoot his load.  I didn't care, so I licked and sucked a little more and was
rewarded with a small amount of cum, which was both good and bad... no mess, but
it wouldn't fill me up!

I took out a tissue and wiped my spit and his cum off of his cock, which was
shrinking quickly.  He actually thanked me, and commented that he was glad
that he got to drive me home, rather than Kathy.  I noticed that, as always,
parts of the tissue stuck to his penis, but that was fine.  He put his cock
back in his shorts and buttoned himself up.  This all took place in no more
than a couple of minutes, so I was glad to get him off now so that he wouldn't
cum too quick later, as sooooo many men do.  We chit-chatted a bit, him making
comments about my looks and his first ever driving suck-job.  He liked my
38D tits, and asked if he could tit-fuck me later.  I said I didn't know what
exactly would happen at home, but I'd consider it.

What I did next shocked him a bit.  I took a small (4 1/2" long 1" wide) vibe
out of my purse, hiked up my skirt to expose my shaved pussy, and went to work
on pleasing myself.  I put my left leg on his lap, and he asked if I wanted
any help.  I told him no, just drive and he'll get to suck my smooth pussy
after we got home and met back up with Frank and Kathy.  He commented upon
their plight, and I said that Kathy isn't into sucking cock too much, she much
prefers a pussy which won't send cum down her throat.  He again said he was
lucky to have driven me home, and I said something corny about him driving IT
home a bit later.  I was using my right hand to caress the folds of my pussy,
while my left hand was holding the vibe on my clit, which was definitely out
of its hood, ready for action.  My pussy was quite wet, and I knew that when
we left the bar.  I used my hands to thrust the vibe in and out of my pussy
on occasion, but focused it on my clit mainly, as it felt wonderful!  Oh so
good baby!  Flamer was rubbing the fishnets now, and I think he liked the way
they felt, but I only realized that periphorally, as my main concern was my
own impending orgasm, which I had about a mile from home.  It felt great...
starting with my toes working its way up to my pussy and on through the rest
of my body.  After realizing that I was finished and that Flamer's seat was
more than a bit wet from my pussy juices, I told him that I was sorry for the
mess that I made in his car on his seat.  He told me it wasn't a problem...
he had enjoyed watching a woman pleasure herself for the first time in front
of him. [Split infinitive, I know.]

--
