Archive-name: Affairs/picnicx.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Picnic in the Rain


It had been many months since the enforce split up of Sandy and
Jim.  True they had seen each other for a few moments here and
there and even shared lunch, such as it was, alone together at a
nearby picnic table.  But there was always something lurking in
the background.  Sandy was constantly concerned about being seen
by the wrong people and Jim was afraid that Sandy would
eventually have her fill of him.  Their "affair" (a poor
descriptive word with unfortunate connotations as the
relationship they had could only be portrayed in words of beauty)
was an unequal thing.  Sandy enjoyed the affections and
attentions of Jim, but her real and true love was still her
husband and Jim was totally and heartily in love with Sandy (a
fact she could never conceive of as he still professed to love
his wife, but she could never truly fathom him anyway, such a
strange person).  What made their relationship so special was the
inner and outer beauty of Sandy.  

She was delightfully proportioned, not thin and not full, just
right.  Her perfectly created succulent body was ripe with a
wonderful combination of grace, poise and suppleness with a
delicious and generous helping of stark raving sensuality.  She
exuded passion and seductiveness.  Venus would have been proud to
be reincarnated in Sandy.  

But Jim was most struck by Sandy's face.  She was, simply and
truthfully, gorgeous.  Her lovely face was surrounded by a soft
halo of warm brown locks, recently cut short emphasizing the
radiant charm of her lovely face.  Her deep blue eyes sparked
with ever glance sending daggers of passion everywhere.  A
perfect puckish, yet sexy, nose guarded the most beautiful, full
and voluptuous lips ever created.  When not smiling, a seldom
thing, they still spoke of passionate things to come, but when
they smiled, ah, heaven.  A warm smile from Sandy could raise an
army of impotents to never before achieved heights.  Everyone
fell under the charm of this beauty.  She was seldom alone.

Jim had to admit that she was the most exquisitely beautiful
creature he had ever seen, yet his real attraction to her was her
inner, spiritual beauty.  She gave off an aura of peace and
harmony with Man and Nature.  Her every movement, so natural and
easy, displayed a deep sensual appreciation of live and love.


Most of the rest of Sandy was in Jim's imagination.  True he had
seen hints of her supple, sensual figure through her cloths, but
only what they allowed to be seen.  She was not the wearer of
tight, revealing outfits, but neither did they hide the exquisite
rise of her tempting breasts, delightfully rounded derriere and
elegantly formed legs.  Jim ached to explore what he could only
imagine.  

Before the fateful Black Tuesday, when his life fell apart, he
had be able to perform a delightful massage on Sandy's feet and
hands.  The sensuality was so high for him that he about lost it
several times.  And once, while having lunch in his car in the
rain he had massaged her back and gotten up the nerve to kiss the
nape of her neck.  But no kisses in this strange relationship. 
Sandy had allowed platonic hugs a three times, but her guilt made
them both uncomfortable.  If he had not been made of sterner
stuff... well, that brings us to today.

Their relationship essentially ended on Black Tuesday, a day to
be forgotten, but to them will forever live.  True after a few
weeks they had gotten up the nerve to have a platonic lunch and
once enjoyed a brief outing to the Wonder Bread Outlet store. 
You say, "What?!"  But the significance was not the location, but
the fact that they were alone together.  That was like the first
unaided step to a paraplegic.  This time they decided they could
handle a real lunch together.  

It was for a Tuesday.  They both hoped for a sunny day, as rain
would doom the experiment.  But rain it did.  It took all morning
for them to decide that it was still OK.  The drive was
uneventful, lots of small, weather-type talk.  Pleasantries.  Jim
parked in the deserted lot at the park as the rain streamed down
the windshield.  They unpacked their meager lunches and ate.  The
silence wasn't exactly deafening, but there was much of it.  Then
they were finished.

After the trash was picked up they both sat back and looked at
each other.  "Would that it was the way it was," noted Sandy with
down-cast eyes.  

"Do you remember our talks about how women visualize male
gentleness and dominance, Sandy?"  "Sure, but you never quite
understood what I was trying to say, Jim.  The reason why women
perceive aggression, hopefully mild, as erotic and seductive is
that it cloaks their guilt, guilt fashioned by society's
inhibitions on the sex act, particularly for women."  "No, I see
what you are saying and it is clear in your life isn't it?  You
find me interesting because I am a little different, I call it
gentle, you probably have other words for it.  And then I hear
about your husband and your first husband.  Don't get me wrong, I
think very highly of your husband and even if I didn't, because
he is your husband and you love him I am his Number Two fan.  (My
envy of him will go unspoken!)  It is just that you wished WE
could be back the was it was, "loving" each other platonically
and, of course we can't, because of your guilt feelings and fear. 
But that is not all that is not the same was it was."

At that instant Jim reached over to Sandy and placed his arms
around her shoulders.  Sandy was totally unprepared for this. 
"No, we can't allow this to happen," she said, with some alarm. 
"Don't say 'we', you may not want this to happen, but I do."  

With that he pulled her to him.  The gear shift was decidedly in
the way, but he slid past it.  Desperately he sought her lips. 
"Sandy, I am going to kiss you and you cannot stop me.  I have
longed to kiss you, but I have not wanted violence.  But if I
must force you I will."

Sandy had slid down in the seat trying to get away, but it only
allowed Jim to use his weight to hold her.  His arms were now
firmly around her, pinning her upper arms to her side.  As his
face came near to her, she turned her face away from him.  "No! 
Don't, Jim."  

"Sandy!  Look at me!"  She stopped and turned her head.  She
looked up at Jim with fear and anguish in her eyes, "I can't let
you do it.  I can't live with it.  Suppose someone comes by?" 
"Sandy, I love you.  Those things matter to me, but I do love
you, dearly.  I have tried to express my love for you with
things, with notes, with spoken words.  You acknowledge the fact
like it is a notice on the 6 o'clock news.  'Interesting, but it
has nothing to do with me.'  Well, it does!"  

With that he bent down and kissed her.  She struggled to break
free, but he held her in a vise grip.  Violently twisting her
face away she practically screamed, "This isn't fair!  Let me
go."  "No, Sandy, I have wanted to hold you close to me and kiss
you for longer than you could imagine.  I shall not let this
moment pass."  
He reached up and held her face, twisting it around so he could
look deeply into her lusciously fierce blue eyes.  "Sandy, I love
you, so very much I love you."  And he kissed her again.  

Her struggles began again, but she was virtually helpless under
his weight.  His kiss became a long passionate fulfillment of
months and months of frustration.  She could sense that and felt
helpless.  The kiss was certainly not unenjoyable, just undesired
at that particular time.  "Reason with him," she thought.

But she would not have the chance.  The kiss became even more
passionate as his warm wet tongue forced its way between her
passionate lips.  They circled around her glisteningly smooth
pearly teeth, hastening this way and that.  They snaked along her
teeth into her cheek searching this way and that.  The suggestive
nature was not lost on Sandy, nor was Jim's desperateness.  She
made the mistake of trying to speak and as her mouth opened, his
probing tongue entered unobstructed.  "This is where I belong,"
it seemed to say.  It hungrily searched out her tongue and
entangled himself with her's.  

As their tongues played gaily like little children Sandy became
acutely aware of what Jim had been noticing for a long time.  She
was stretched nearly prone along the seat of the car and he was
covering her full length.  The relative positions of their bodies
was nearly as a couple in the act of intercourse.  The not
unpleasant increasing pressure from him on her loins was not lost
on her either.  

She uttered and nearly inaudible cry, one of anguish, possibly
pain, maybe one of passion.  But her struggles to extricate
herself diminished slightly.  Actually, they had only served to
enflame both of them up to that time.  When she ceased her
struggles, Jim seemed to take over.  

Gradually her snuggled closer to her.  Her loose, flowing dress
allowed him to force his knees between her legs and apart a
little ways.  The bulging mass between his legs desperately
searching for a safe haven.  

Finally the kiss became too much.  As they broke to allow the
breath of life to return, he slid down, quickly unbuttoning her
blouse.  She was slow to recover and did not realize his actions
were more than a clumsy attempt to paw her breasts.  Before she
knew it he had slipped open her blouse and had cupped each
luscious breast in his hands.  His fingers searching for the
crown of beauty atop each lovely full breast.  Her nipples were
unashamedly reaching out for him.  As she tried to reach up to
grab his arms he slipped his hands underneath her bra and lifted
it above her full, ripe breasts.  She clutched his wrists in
desperation and pulled them down, but this only allowed him to
firmly set his hot passionate mouth on one crown.  

An reflex cry left Sandy's lips, but her hands did not release
her grip on Jim's arms.  As his tongue slowly felt its way around
the ruby areola, Sandy's breathing became short and labored.  The
tongue paused on its third circuit and gentle touched the nipple. 
A rush of air into Sandy's lungs lifted the nipple into Jim's
mouth.  It closed over the nipple and gentle sucked as his tongue
massaged.  A few moments there that bringing the blood rushing to
the very tip of the sensitive tip of the nipple was followed by
and equal excursion on the other nipple.  

Gradually, Sandy's grip on Jim's arms faded.  Her arms fell to
her side as she passionately absorbed this energy.

A sudden spasm in Sandy's back caused the both to start.  "I
can't stay in this position, Jim," she said.  He raised himself
off of her allowing her to sit back in the seat.  Her further
words, "Maybe, we had better...," were muffled by his mouth again
as he planted another long deep kiss on her full cherry lips. 
Her arms then went around Jim's shoulders.  He held her slim
waist.

His hands felt around her waist and slowly began a sensuous trace
of her delightfully contoured bottom.  He could feel each seam in
her underwear as he cautiously searched.  As they forced their
way under her she involuntarily raised herself up.  But he only
paused as his hands continued on their was down the back of
Sandy's thighs.  Then they returned along her side.  Twice they
followed the same sensuous route.  Then as one returned by the
same road the other crept lower to the hem of her knee-length
dress.  As his hand lighted on her flawless knee, Sandy again
broke away from the kiss.

"No, Jim.  You can't do that."  "Yes, Sandy, I can.  You cannot
do anything about it, except enjoy it.  There is no room in this
car to do anything, but explore, so don't worry."  "I...I don't
think we should."  "All right, just a few brief moments.  It
won't hurt."

Although she tensed up and her hand went down to his, she did not
stop him.  He gentle crept up her lovely turned leg towards the
seat of passion so remote to him until now.  He felt the
impenetrable fortress of under pants, but his tracing of her
furry triangle and delicate rubbing above her mons and labia were
more like a warrior scouting the bastille than a lovers touch.  

Apparently assuming that Jim would be satisfied with this she
reengaged him in another passionate kiss.  After a seemingly long
time, but only a few moments, Jim's, by now, expert hand gentle
crept up to the waste band elastic on Sandy's panties and gentle
pulled them down.  

As Sandy broke free again to prevent a further invasion, Jim
grabbed her with both arms again and rolled her over on top of
him.  As she struggled to regain her balance he quickly hoisted
her skirt up to waste level and deftly lowered her panties in
practically the same motion.  By the time she knew what had
happened, he again rolled her back to the seat.  She could not
reach her panties to get them back, so she had to limit herself
to trying to extract herself from under Jim again.  This just
allowed Jim's hand to again search out the tempting warm spot
between Sandy's legs.  

Jim placed his whole hand gently over her mons and deftly began
probing for her the apex.  With a groan of remorse she tried to
reach for his hand, to stave off the attack.  But just as she
grabbed his arm again the groan tailed off into a moan of delight
as he found the clitoris.  The joy-bud burst into life as he
found the tip; the blood cursed through her veins towards this
seat of exquisite pleasure.  "Oh, my god, that feels good.  I
want you to stop, Jim.  I don't want you to stop.  Don't stop."

"I won't stop.  But you may start."  Her hand, not needed to
allay his advances, fell limply.  Not missing a stroke on her
clit, he gentle picked up her hand and placed it over his bulging
crotch.  Her hand stayed there for what seemed like minutes. 
Whether it was trepidation or fear of the unknown or whether it
was just the rapture at what was taking place in her body, we
will never know nor care, but her hand remained motionless.  

But eventually it moved.  Cautiously at first, and then with
vigour.  The hint as to what dwelt beneath was too much for the
heavily breathing beauty.  As Jim's hand brought forth stronger
and stronger sensations she traced the ever-growing swelling.  It
promised to be of enormous proportions.  She slowly unzipped and
unbuckled his pants.  As he rose slightly to assist her in her
endeavors she pulled down both his trousers and underwear at the
same time.  But before she could seek out the article of interest
the first wave of orgasm enveloped her.  All she could do was
reach for Jim, to pull him to her, to hold him close.  

As the waves passed, a huge sign of relief escaped Sandy's lips. 
"God, that was good."  But before she could say more, Jim slipped
down and stuck his nose into Sandy's moist, warm crotch.  "Come
up here," she said and tried to pull him back.  But he was not to
be dissuaded.  Skillfully his adroit tongue sought out the
blossom of release again.  Her admonishments to join her were
abruptly curtailed when his sensitive wet tongue settled on her
clitoris again.  As he delicately danced all around the passion
stalk occasionally darting up to the tip, then to retreat,
Sandy's passion steadily boiled inside of her.
  
She groped down to find Jim's exposed, but as yet undiscovered,
penis, but it was too far away.  "Let me have you too, please." 
She cried, but it was not to be.  Just as she lay back a second
flood of love-juice gushed forth in her second intense, massive
and magnificant climax.  

Exhausted, she lay panting as he snuggled up to her, still
carrying the heavenly odor of love with him.  She cringed as he
kissed her.

"Sandy, anything of yours is honey to my lips.  Please share with
me in this delightfully wonderful feast?"  With a smile she flung
her arms about him, pulling him to her bare breasts in a warm
passionate kiss.  "Of course, you can.  Let me taste it, too."  

His, "I shall," was suddenly punctuated with the presence of a
stranger in their midst.  His sturdy and upright penis, crying
for attention, with an urgency previously unknown, saw the way
open to his heaven.  While the attentions of Sandy and Jim were
diverted, he snuggled down between the lovely legs of Sandy,
gently touched her soft brown pubic hair and as if attracted by
the musky smell of her vaginal fluids dexterous poised himself
above the labia.  This delicate and tender searching, presumed to
be probing fingers by Sandy, caused no undue stir, but a quick,
expert thrust, enlodged the gigantic, rosy head of the grand
penis, shocked Sandy.  

As she broke away once again she cried, "That's not your finger!" 
"No, it is something even better," he answered as his swollen,
rigid tool, measuring nearly three inches in diameter steadied on
course. 

Frantically she tried to extricate herself from the weight of Jim
and the pinioning effect of the monstrous steel rod, the ruby red
head firmly lodged in place.  Her desperate struggles were easily
contained by the advantage of position and weight and with each
movement to free herself of the rigid pole pulsing with blood and
lust the stark penis seemed to creep in slightly.  A cry of rage
and dismay nearly escaped Sandy lovely lips, but a hastily place,
yet passionate, kiss muffled any further outcry.

This was not what she had wanted or expected, yet there was no
pain.  A friendly and kindly path had been prescribed.  Her
honey-juices, so amiably and free flowing minutes ago, did not
seem to wish to subside.  A strange feeling, nearly released
twice before, moments ago, seemed to be taking over her body. 
Not only was she being forcibly raped by a friend, but her body
was giving up the fight.  Inch by inch the magnificent stallion
of a phallus surged forward to the task at hand as her muffled
gasps became quieter and less violent.  

Sandy felt that the end was near.  He most frantic efforts seemed
futile, her most vehement objections, in vain.  She fought the
idea to relax and enjoy the rape.  But struggling was useless. 
With her strength ebbing, she hesitated.

The turgid and unyielding shaft, mistakenly interpreting the
pause as submission, elatedly with his conquest, stopped his
stubborn laboring.  For a brief second he retraced his path
toward the outside world again, but before completely removing
himself, once again began his relentless fight for home.  

One more quick, strong thrust of Jim's loins and the turgid vein-
studded pole ended his long exotic journey.  Now the fun began. 
Very slowly Jim withdraw his splendid shaft to nearly the point
of loss of engagement, then once again begin the delightful
passage back, each time his staff seemed to renew its energy and
expand and extend, accordingly.  Three or four times this
happened, when, ever so imperceptibly, the age-old dance of love
deftly performed by Jim began to be slowly echoed by Sandy's
lovely pelvis and her stifled cries turned to moans of pleasure.

Once again nature had turned the struggle between two attractive
adults into the cavorting dance created by God for their
pleasure, and His, no doubt. 

The superb rock-hard, yet sensitive penis meeting its passionate
equal in the exquisitely soft and sensitive, gloriously
seductive, warm and lusciously moist cave of love, the female
vagina.  For more than twenty minutes this dance of life
continued, the participating couple oblivious the everything, but
each other, and the amazing activities of their bodies, no longer
in their control.  All they could do was cling to each other in
rapture.  His arms strongly encircled her lovely body, drawing it
closer and closer while she reached out to enfold him. 
Desperately seeking to be one she arched her beautiful shapely
legs around his back alternatingly nearly crushing Jim and
relieving the tension.  All breathing and motion meshed together
as one unit.  Sandy and Jim were one in the eyes of all.  The
only deviation from the erotic rhythm of their pumping bodies was
the ever so slow increase in pulse.  

I will not bore you with further details, except to say that the
end, so exquisitely and wonderfully punctuated with the hot,
surging semen of Jim filling to overflowing Sandy's love canal,
its mixing with her sweet secretions, and further highlighted
with their simultaneous indescribable orgasms, was not
necessarily welcome.  Too soon a good and great thing.  But,
then, their newly discovered pastime need not be a one-time
thing.

--
