Archive-name: Affairs/picture.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Picture, The


What's in a picture?  Well, in the picture I cherish there is more
joy and peace and love than any mere mortal like me should ever
know.  The picture I am speaking of is the imperfect image of the
one I love.  She is one of such exceedingly great beauty that it
cannot be captured on anything by Man's hand, but to me it
represents her, and that is as near to heaven as I am likely to
get.

But the picture, besides being an imperfect symbol of utter
perfection, is exceedingly cloudy.  The incidental fact that this
exquisite creature of God does not love me, but another, sheds
blazing insight into my dilemma - loving one who does not love you
back - an age-old poignant story.  

This is what happens to one who falls in love with a wonderful,
happily married woman.  First, there are the moments of exquisite
joy reveling in the sacred celebration of Love.  All else seems
unimportant and remote.  Then, there are the brief moments of pain
when you are set aside, understandable though it may be, for things
important in her life.  That leads to a rebirth of fantasizing that
you perfected in your youth, where she is an innocent passive party
to your feasts of imagination.  Then, the final straw is when the
fantasy becomes reality.  And as your Love and her lover scale
those endless heights, sadly, you, with tear-misted eyes are left
far below, alone, with that wilted imperfect image clutched in your
hands.
 
The one I love has always, well, I suppose the term is "humored"
me.  I have nothing to offer her that would mean anything to her,
except my love, an exceeding cheap commodity to those receiving it;
and inhumanly expensive to those giving it.  But she has been free
with her gifts, too.  She gave me her picture, my greatest material
treasure; she has given me a few brief moments of platonic joy in
her company; and she has given me an irreplaceable gift, the love
inside of me, something more grand and awe-inspiring than the great
outdoors.

But today, a day in which her nearness is inaccessible to me,
another gift, in absentia, was given to me.  You must follow me and
understand that those moments away from my Love are like daggers
piercing my heart.  The depths of my emotional depression are
resounding and scary.  In moments like this I reach for the
carefully hidden picture.  I reached for a moment of joy.  Come
back with me for a few moments and I will let you view God's heaven
with me:



I gazed downwards with love at your image, the likeness of a
goddess.  You were here with me.  You did not shirk my touch.  You
did not avoid my clumsy attempts to kiss your honeyed lips.  Your
sensuous voice that could arouse a eunuch, did not say those words
that send me into despair, "It is time to go now, Jim."  You sit
submissively, and smile.  I smile back and melt into the close
quarters of the picture with you as the image drifted into reality. 
The nearness of you dissipates the agony in my heart.  I say, "Hi,
Sandy."   You sit there in all of your passionate and sensual
beauty, and smile.

As I anguished in my wallow of self-pity, your beauty radiated up
at me.  There you were, right before me, smiling up at me.  It is
as if you, . . . well, might have been beckoning to me.  As my
emotional "down" subsided another part of me grew.  I gazed longing
into your eyes.  You gazed back.  Then your eyes slowly turned
until you were looking over my shoulder and your smile widened. 
Puzzled, I look over too, and was surprised to see Robert standing
there.  He is quite naked, his pulsing staff throbbing before him
in all its prideful, yet stately, grandeur.  He strode up to you
and enfolded you in his strong arms, his rod preventing him from
full-body contact.  He planted a moist kiss full on your luscious
lips forcing open you faintly resisting mouth with his tongue. 
Just as his one-minded penis would soon search endlessly your warm
cavern of love, his tongue searched your yearning mouth to be more
a part of you, striving to be one.  As he paused for a well-needed
breath he looked over at me and he, too, beamed with a satisfied
smile, "Eat your heart out, Jim."  His hands were everywhere on
you, fondling your firm passionate bottom, pulling it close to him
determinedly telling you he was not going to allow you to dictate
the pace of this encounter, he was.  His free hand found your
lovely firm breasts stroking and caressing them as if each housed
your very soul.  Your breath came in gasps now, but he was not
through.  At that moment you fluttered your eyes and somehow
realized that I was still here.  You cried to him, "No, Robert, we
can't do it here.  We are in public and Jim is still here.  Please
wait."  But Robert had no intention of waiting.  His fiercely
throbbing penis attested to that.  "Sandy, I want you now, more
than I ever have.  I will have you.  And it wouldn't be a bad idea
to show slime what real LOVE is!  I may not be the best lover in
the world, but with you it sure seems like it.  I want to get into
you, to fill you with myself, to sow my very being in you, to make
you climb the wall and beg for more, but to make you realize that
I have JUST what you want.  All that you could ever want is in me. 
I can make you cum to heights never imagined by you and I can make
you cum to greater heights the next time and the next time.  Now
I am going to show you what I mean."  He slowly moved his hand,
which had been gently fondling your breasts throughout this
conversation and grasped your blouse.  With conviction he slowly
pulled it down until it ripped asunder.  He then pulled it open to
expose your delicious, sweet smelling breasts for all to see, even
me.  As he bent down to caress each firmly erect nipple in his warm
unyielding mouth he grabbed your skirt and forced it over your
hips, and off.  Trailing moist warm saliva from your breasts he
followed your skirt down until be fastened his eager mouth to your
loins.  He hungrily found your rigid, sensitive clitoris and traced
it around with his hot tongue, slowly at first then more resolutely
until he slowly sought the exquisite tip, relishing in your
squirming and gasping.  You tried to break him away, to pull him
up, to consummate the passionate beast he had created; but he would
not comply.  "Not yet, my Luscious.  You shall not feel me in you
until I am ready."  "God, Robert, I can't stand it any more.  I am
cumming my life away and your don't care.  I need your cock in me
now before I am used up.  I'm cumming now.  Please, Robert.  My
God, have mercy on me.  Fuck me now!  Fill my cunt with your
gigantic cock and fire your monstrous load in me.  It has never
been like this before."  But Robert's only response was to follow
the tender folds from your exquisite clit to the openly inviting,
flowing vagina awaiting the explore of an expert.  His tongue
sought . . . and found the hungering grotto . . . and entered. 
Although his tongue could not venture far enough to satisfy either
of the two quaking lovers it still traced every lovely sensual and
scented lip and fissure.  Your hips were madly and uncontrollably
pumping trying to lodge Robert's tongue deeper and deeper into you. 
You were mumbling incoherently words like, "Robert, I want you in
me."  and "Robert, fuck the life out of me."  and "Robert, I need
it, I must have it now."  And then he stopped and laid you back. 
Your love-convulsions continued for a few seconds as if he was
firmly inside of you.  Your legs were all askew, your arms grasping
at air, your hips pumping furiously.  As you writhed in passion he
looked down and smiled.  He slowly took his pulsating penis, even
as it was growing with renewed vigor to a bloated size and shape
that amazed even him.  The your eyes opened and saw him, in a blur. 
"God, Robert, cum into me, NOW!  I cannot continue any more.  I am
through."  Robert responded with both words and action.  The words
were, "Sandy, you have not even begun.  This orgasm will blow your
mind . . . and mine.  We shall see heaven in just a few moments
now."  After feasting his eyes a moment longer on you, the most
beautiful and glorious creature in the world, the action was to
gently kneel between your sensuously shapely, out-flung legs. 
Still holding his magnificent penis he lowered himself over you. 
Only then did he relinquish his hold on his staff to you to allow
you to guide him to the open door of God's heavenly garden.  A
myriad of erotic scents were already wafting up to embrace me,
presumably my sole sensual reward beyond sight.  Robert sweetly
embraced you, leading it with a delicate kiss that would have the
envy of even Venus.  You, in desperation, savagely strove to engage
his glorious manhood.  As if a beast in heat your groaning and
grunting reached a feverish level.  Although you obviously relished
being under Robert's weight and kisses, your intense desire to
consummate the embrace nearly heaved Robert off.  "Hold on, Dear
Sandy.  Together we can master this monster we have created.  Hold
still, my Sensual Passion Flower, and I shall endeavor to find our
timid playmate a friend in which to play."  He reached down, much
too slowly for your desires as shown by your obvious impatience. 
Even as you were attempting to enclose his loins with your elegant
sensual legs Robert's sensitive hands were meandering down the
length of your body, slowing to enjoy the nooks and crannies along
the way.  Your body hummed like a violin string reaching a
crescendo as his hands finally reached your desperate hips.  He
purposely fought your flailing hands and grabbed the subject of
interest.  A grunt of satisfaction escaped him and he said, "My! 
Feel what you have done to me.  Aren't you ashamed of yourself? 
I didn't know he would get that big.  Maybe we will have a problem
. . .  No, where there is a will, there is a way, and I sure have
a will now."  Fumbling together, you both succeeded in guiding the
magnificent rod of steel to a point immediately above your hot
cunt.  But as if it had a mind of its own, that magnificent
stallion-cock paused and planted what could only be construed as
an exquisitely delicate, albeit slobbery, kiss on your clitoris. 
He was then whisked away, down to the awaiting crevasse.  The
gigantic, sweating, spongy head preceding the steel-like shaft
throbbed in rhythm to the swaying of your hips.  On one
particularly desperate stroke Robert moved and his head was
enlodge.  At that instant you gave a despondent cry and collapsed
in an all-enveloping orgasm.  Tears flowed like a river as you
clutched Robert with your beautiful arms and legs.  "Forgive me,
Robert, I could not wait for you any longer.  I am only human and
this is beyond me."  Robert, whispered, "Peace, Sandy, the best is
yet to come (no pun intended).  Don't give up."  With that he eased
his immense penis even further into you.  The way was now so
slippery that even this pulsating beast could enter with ease. 
Slowly and earnestly he slid further in.  Your racked body just lay
exhausted, seemingly impervious to the exquisite sensation - a
masterful and sensitive shaft delicate threading and caressing its
way through a chamber made only in heaven and only for this staff
of life.  Neither Robert nor I could see that although the pinnacle
of your orgasm has not been passed a whole new mountain was
appearing before you.  Your eyes opened in amazement.  A fleeting
look of sheer terror passed your unseeing eyes as they looked
toward me, yet beyond, as if I wasn't there.  "Robert, don't leave
me.  Don't let me face this alone.  Help me,  show me.  No, take
me with you."  "Dear Sandy, where I go, you must go also.  We take
this trip together.  Hold tight as it is beyond even my ken.  But
this path before us was not of my doing, or wholely yours, it is
OUR PATH.  We shall take it together.  Hold me, Sandy.  Hold me
forever, Dearest Sandy, my Love, my life, my very soul.  Just as
you give yourself to me I return my whole self to you.  It shall
be this way forever."  At these words he released his whole weight
onto you, Sandy, and his penis slid into you until you could feel
all.  His swelling testicles lay against your perineum, rising and
falling in their own unique way, but surging and expanding more
with each wave.  You both lay there together basking in the warmth
exuded by both of your genitals.  You both gazed deeply into each
other's eyes, savoring the moment like it would never return. 
Then, as if a command was given by the Director on high, the
exquisite Dance of Love began.  Robert slowly withdrew his
beautiful penis until it just rested at the edges of your labia. 
"Once for you, Wonderful Sandy," he said as he slowly and
libidinously slid it back home.  A smile escaped your gasping lips
as your whispered at his fullest extraction, "And once for you,
Dear and Wonderful Robert."  Slowly and laboriously he pulled back,
and joyously reentered.  No further words were spoken as his hot
firm root sought your mons.  At that very instant he kissed your
lips with a passion you had never seen nor imagined, but desired. 
The mumbles of amazement were lost as you returned in kind.  The
gentle stroking of the walls of your vagina by his rigid, yet
yielding, penis, continued to be fueled effortlessly by perfectly
matched motions of your and Robert's hips.  For many minutes this
perfect dance continued with no break except an occasional circular
motion of first Robert's hips and then yours and the gentle
clutching of your flawless legs around Robert's strong and muscular
back.  Probably without your knowledge, your hands gentle meandered
around his back, then down to his chest and up around his face and
through his hair and around his ears.  Then they continued down his
lean body to his rhythmically pumping hips.  They sneakily
disappeared beneath him carefully searching for another "view" of
his magnificent organ.  On an up-stroke you reached in to clasp its
girth as if in disbelief.  When you both moved together you
released your grip or faced crushing by forces beyond your control. 
Imperceptibly, the motions of you and Robert became stronger and
more intense.  No sounds, save an occasional grasping of breath,
escaped either of your lips.  To the casual observer nothing had
changed, but to me, a not dispassionate observer, I say clearly saw
the beginnings of a wonderful phenomenon - two people creating a
feeling of Love reserved for the exceeding rare true Lovers.  This
was not an act of sex, this was not a physical deed at all, it was
the ultimate creation of the mind of two persons totally devoted
to sharing with each other as no ordinary people are, totally
devoted to giving to the other, totally in LOVE with each other -
 LOVE as God intended.  The rhythmic physical manifestation of
their mental state was completely out of their control.  It was
consummately in control of the ultimate Creator.  He provided this
reward reserved for those few yielding to true LOVE.  I saw all of
this and in my embarrassment at being an interloper I looked up and
thanked God.  As I reluctantly turned away I could only imagine
what marvelous end, or rather beginning, would ensue.  So I was not
be to allowed to witness the gradual escalating of Robert's and
Sandy's passion.  The seemingly tender strokes of their hips were
gradually gaining speed and fervor.  Their gaspings were more
frequent.  The energy increased.  The previous appearance of an
inexhaustible pace gave way to a more strenuous and strident tempo. 
Soon their ardor became too much for even they.  They disjoined
their kiss to lay back in awe at what God hath wrought.  They gazed
into each other's eyes as their body's pumped incessantly, almost
ferociously.  Robert cradled your head in his hands to try to
temper the emotions, but all it did was allow each to share more
contact with the other.  You gasped, "Robert, where will this lead? 
I am still in the orgasm from your aggressive foreplay, yet I feel
something unearthly building.  Is this right?  Can we actually take
it without perishing?"  "I don't know, Sandy, but we shall go
together in an exquisite flash of fire if we must.  I Love you,
Sandy.  Never have I lived another as I have Loved you.  We are
one, Dearest Sandy, and I wish nothing else. . . . Nothing!"  Their
loins increased their cadence.  His magnificent cock, fueled by his
heart's blood, now streaming with luscious fluids, pierced and
withdrew the hot, dark channel leading straight to your heart. 
With each stroke his manhood grew, his balls swelled, his
penetration deeper.  The walls of your vagina contracted and
released exactly in time with his fierce rushes.  It seemed as if
all delicateness had fled.  The beating of your hips became savage. 
Harsh, guttural cries billowed up from your very souls as the
passion and intensity reached the ultimate peak.  And then, when
it seemed as if pain rather than passion would overtake you both,
Robert gave a long, drawn-out deep groan of vital lust, unbridled
passion; and you, from some unknown source, exclaimed in an ear-
piercing shriek, like a banshee before devouring a succulent
victim; and you enfolded Robert's taut body within your strong and
shapely legs; and your genital's crushed together in a climatic
percussive reaction.  For a brief instant all seemed motionless. 
Only you and Robert knew otherwise:  Robert felt the pent-up semen
gush forth with previously unknown power and quantity.  And you
felt the shock of his cached treasure as it spewed out to satiate,
to permeate each eagerly anticipating cranny and continue in an
unabated torrent, the overflow streaming from your vagina to the
ground.  On and on he erupted.  His life forces seemingly without
end rushed headlong engulfing you in its warmth and caress not know
before.  But these physical consequences of the Love between you
and Robert were virtually lost on you as the emotional flood of
ecstacy deluged your very souls.  The endless cascade of pent-up
passion, beyond verbal description, inundated both you and Robert. 
So overwhelmed were you both that for the five minutes or so that
it took Robert to complete his spontaneous, shivering ejaculations
you both lay motionless.  Motionless, save a slight quiver in
Robert's haunches delivered each squirt; each met with an precisely
matching ecstatic convulsion; and the quiet fluids flowing freely
from you well-filled vagina, down and around his contracting
testicles.  For many more minutes you and Robert basked in a flood
of Love, Peace and Joy never before imagined.  You were the first
to speak:  "Oh, Robert, I Love you."  "The very words I was going
to speak, Sandy, The Love of My Live, no!  My Very Life."  All else
was silent, in respect, as the two Lovers lay savoring the moment,
the Ultimate Moment.  At long last you whispered, "If it could only
be like this every time, wouldn't that be wonderful?"  "Sure,
Sandy, but why shouldn't it be, now that you have shown the way. 
No more fantasizing in our minds, now we fantasize in real-time. 
Think we could reach the heights again, my Sexy and Lovely Sandy? 
I'm game?"  Your response was to reach up and grab Robert's head
in your hands and plant a kiss to end all kisses on his awaiting
lips.  You could feel his penis, still deep within you instantly
stop its slow trek towards intumescence and jerk in anticipation. 
You trembled in anticipation of yet another unseen and unfelt
emotion as you eagerly welcomed his kiss and returned it in kind. 
Involuntarily you moved your hips under Robert almost like you were
trying to give his ever-growing penis more room to expand. 
Suddenly, you pulled away from the luscious kiss to look Robert
straight in the eyes in query.  The strong surging in his loins and
deep penetrating gaze of adoration should have satisfied your
anguished concern.  Before you could utter a word of doubt Robert
reached down to enfold you, utterly, in his powerful arms.  Not
wanting to challenge any possible limitation, you tried to get away
from his grip.  If you claimed (obviously the furthest thing from
your mind) that you could not take yet another orgasm then he would
not have to subject himself to a potentially humiliating
situation.)  "Robert, please.  I don't think I can handle another
one like that. . . . And besides, remember where we are.  Jim has
left, but we are still out here in the park for all to see. 
Please, let's go home and continue this."  At that you unwrapped
your perfectly-formed legs from around Robert's waist.  "Sandy, we
can go home and 'continue this,' as you say, just as soon as I
relieve some of this pent-up sexual tension I have.  Could you
please, just put up once again with my physical appetite.  It seems
to be outside my control.  Just this once and then I'll give you
a break, please?"  The hesitation was there, but your reactions
were either too slow or they were repressed, as Robert again forced
his lips upon yours.  His hands slipped down to your buttocks and
grasped them in his brawny grip.  As he slowly pulled away from you
his hands held your hips motionless.  You could feel his fully
erect penis slowly withdrawing amid delightfully suggestive
sucking, slurpy and slippery sounds.  Your desire to save possible
emotional harm to your Lover was rapidly overcome by your desire
to have him, once again, cum deep inside of you.  Whether you could
sustain another unearthly orgasm like the last was your furthest
thought.  You moved quickly in what you intended to be an effort
to encourage him in his manly endeavors, but Robert, suffering
under the delusion that your were trying to reject him, grasped
your buttocks in his iron grip and forced them toward his loins. 
His gigantic rigid, but, thankfully, but well-lubed, stanchion
surged towards the hot depths of your vagina.  It seemed to wish
to find your cervix, to search the uterine interior, therein, for
refuge.  A brief shock, more delight, than pain, caused you to
wince and twist away from his passionate kiss.  He appeared to be
in a frenzy.  As his hips steadily beat a rhythm on your tense
abdomen your mons cushioned his mad rushes into you.  His head sunk
down to your neck and he erotic bit it.  A brief spasm of pain
caused a cry, but that only intensified his antics.  He was like
a beast possessed.  He continued his lewd pounding at what he
thought was an unwilling receptacle.  Your every move, attempting
to encourage him and display your approval were construed as
attempted escape, but his loins would not allow that.  He seemed
to be torn between outright lust and unadulterated tenderness as
his tears flowed over your breast and down under your outstretched
arms.  But you could not get the words of reassurance out so high
was your fervor.  His animal antics only intensified, presumably
to end it as fast as possible, his only way out.  His sobs fully
in sync with his heaving brought tears to your eyes, but they were
tears of joy.  When that simple minute fact finally wound its way
through the intricate web of lust and passion in you, you finally
were able to utter two well-chosen words: "Robert . . . More."  As
if a giant weight was lifted from Robert's magnificent shoulders
his head popped up to look at you . . . and his panicked animal
humping stopped in mid stroke.  You were so close to the brink of
another unspeakably fantastic climax that you could scarcely utter
another word, yet, "Robert, I Love you," bubbled from your flawless
lips.  Robert, in absolute disbelief opened his eyes wide, choked
back a last lingering sob and smiled, "Sandy, wait for me this
time, please?"  But he need not have waited for the answer, nor did
he.  Your reassuring kiss said all.  That kiss, so deep, and
tempestuous brought you again to the onrushing orgasm of a
lifetime, the second within no more than an hour.  You were as ill-
prepared this time as the last as the world as you knew it exploded
in a blinding electrical flash.  Then, almost instantly a feeling
of perfect peace settled over you.  As you floated freely in the
space of your own mind-making you were only slightly aware that
Robert was still struggling to complete his appointed task.  With
unembellished salacious lust his haunches continued their
miraculous carnal thrusting into and out of your never-tiring
vagina.  With serene slowness you wound your lovely limbs around
Robert attempting to quell his efforts, but it only succeeded in
heightening his efforts.  The exquisite abyss of your lingering
orgasm only allowed you to vaguely perceive Robert's struggle, but
the feeling of fullness deep within your vagina let you know that
his struggle was not without jubilance.  It was clear to your
earth-bound body, far below, that Robert was approaching the same
ultimate zenith as you.  You took your mind off of the peace and
joy of your persisting passion long enough to sort of flick your
hips during one of his endless down strokes.  A gasp of pleasure
from his lips was all the reward you needed.  You, carefully, and
in-time with his urgent pumping, slowly began a rhythmic circular
motion with your loins.  The motions followed the ceaseless
squeezings of your vaginal muscles on Robert's full-to-bursting
penis.  It wanted another load.  It begged for another load. 
Robert seemed in near panic, but your gentle caressing of his
powerful back eased the feeling.  It was only when you, once again,
snaked your wonderfully sensuous hands down his fantastic churning
manhood, stroking it as it left the comfort of your warm and cozy
vagina, that he cried, "It is upon me, I am joining your.  Oh, Love
of my Life.  Here I am, Sandy."  You grasped when you encountered
his unmercifully distended balls.  Then you felt the surge well-up
in his testicles pass and through his vas deferens and disappear
inside that wonderful tabernacle, the physical body of Robert.  The
first hot impact of his cum hit you.  You were no more ready for
this as you were for the first, for you thought you were still
enjoying the climax of the previous intercourse, but this was
different.  All blacked out.  All you could comprehend was the
endless surges of Robert's penis deep inside of you, squirting his
aromatic semen again and again.  With each ejaculation you felt his
penis jerk, your vaginal walls contracted tightly around as if to
extract every drop and you felt another load of cum stagger up his
vas.  You lay in blissful heaven as his load spewed forth from you
onto the sacred altar.  The physical sensations were clear, the
mental were truly beyond mortal words.  It was not within Man's ken
to actually see God, yet, as the electrical tingling consumed their
earthly bodies they knew that if they only opened their eyes they
would see All.  As the waves of passion swiftly, joyously ravaged
them they looked.  Each saw the same thing, another Being, more
beautiful than their imaginations would have allowed.  Another
Being radiating holy light from eyes luminous with Love - each
other.  

--
