
                             A Piercing Experence

   This is a true story of one day in my lift that I never would wish on my
worst enemy.  The easiest way to tell you about it is to put it in story form
an let you read it for your selves.  So now to get on with it!!


   I was up at six as Linda told me and went in to take a shower.  When I
looked at the mirror there was another note taped there.  This one told me to
get a new razor and make sure that I shaved all the hair off my body, every
where. So that ment only one thing, Linda really ment business.  It took me
about 25 to 30 minutes to get showered and shaved as I made real sure I was
hairless.  If Linda was to examine me as I feel she will, she will pull out
any hairs she finds with a pair of tweezers.  One at a time!  So I hoped I
played it safe by going over every place twice.

   I didn't dress as I knew better then that, so I just rapped a towel around
me and went to the den.  As I rounded the corner I could see the table in the
night light, and all that was on it.  As I did I gasped as she wanted me to
fasten my self with cuffs to the arch way between the living room and the den.
But not before I put the four foot ankle spreader in place with my heavy
cuffs.  I wondered just how after I got the bar on that I was to get up and
fasten my wrists.  Low and behold she had figured on that I guess the day
before.  I think Ken had helped her as there were two ropes, one from each
side slipped through eye bolts.  On the end of each rope was about 150 pounds
of weights that were used for Kens press bar.

   So I went and got the cuffs and the bar, and brought they back over to the
arch way.  I had to sit down to get my legs apart so that I could fasten the
bar in place.  It took all I could do to snap the last hook, but I managed.
Then I leaned from side to side until I reached and fastened each wrist to one
of the ropes.  I knew what to do next, so I just tugged on each rope until a
wedge came out.  When I did the weights lifted me right off the ground into a
standing position.  There I was naked, spread open and waiting for Ms Linda to
get up.

   I could see the wall clock and when she finally walked out of her room it
was just before nine.  She came over to me and started to look me over real
close as I sorta new she would.  She made the snappy comment that I did a good
job in shaving, and I had better do as good the next time I shave also.

   She squeezed around me and went into the kitchen and got a cup of coffee.
Then she came out and sat down where I could see her, and she could watch me
twist around trying to get some more circulation in my arms.  It didn't take
her long before she had finished her second cup.  She squeezed back around me
and told me to stay where I was, as if I was in the possition to go any where.

   The next thing I knew she was going down the hall to her room, I though
that she was going back to bed and leave me there for the rest of the morning.
But - NO SUCH LUCK! She came back out with a bottle in her had.  It wasn't
very big and she had it perty well hidden.  She squeezed past me again and
went to the kitchen sink where I could hear her running water.  When she
walked back over to me she had two large glasses of water, warn as the water
was foggy.  She got back around me and sat the glasses of water on a coffee
table just behind her.  That is when I saw the bottle and knew what it was. It
was that hospital laxitave that I was made to take from time to time to help
me clean my self out. Only this time the bottle was bigger then normal! I
usually mixed it with orange juice as it tasted so bad, but I didn't see any
around.

   She walked up to me and put her hand behing my head grabbing a hand full of
hair.  She jerked my head back and at the same time stuck that bottle in my
mouth.  I could feel the liquid going down, and tasted every bitter bit of it.
Then she went and got one of the glasses of water and made me drink it, and
the second one also.  It was warm water alright, almost hot.  I would guess
that it was about five or so minutes and I could feel the pressure inside me
starting to build.  Believe me with the warm water chaser that laxitave really
started to work, and work fast.  I told her that I had to use the bathroom,
but she told me to wait a few more minutes.  GOD - I was really starting to
cramp now, and she didn't seem to be the least bit interested.

   They finally she was comming toward me, damn was I glad of that.  Instead
of letting me down she started rubbing my stomac hard, making the pressure
that much worse. She told me that if I messed the floor that she would make me
lick it up.  So I was doing all I could to hold it, and I mean all I could.
But at last she finally let me down and told me to go and use the bathroom.
She told me after I was done this time to give my self one good enema to make
sure that I was completely empty.  So after sitting there for about fifteen
minutes I got up filled the bag and put it in me.  I knew to do it right I
needed to hold it for about five minutes, so I guessed at the time until I
figured I was close.  Then sat down and got rid of that also.

   When I came out Linda was sitting there waiting for me. In her grumpy voice
she told me that I sure took long enough, but she was still going to make
sure.  So she told me to get on the coffee table and lay on my side.  I did
and then she had me pull my knees up to my chest and she took a finger full of
KY jelly.  She had a bardex nozzel in one had and the jelly on the other.  She
dabbed a little on the nozzel tip, and shoved the rest in me.  Then I could
feel the bardex going in about four inches.  She inflated it right away, and
closed off the air tube, and the same time removing that pump bulb.  She then
told me to get up and go to the back of the yard, which I did.

   When we got to her favorite spot she had me turn and face her while she
fastened both my wrist cuffs to a cable comming down from a high tree branch.
Then she pushed one of my legs over to where there was a short piece of chain
with a snap on it.  Before she pushed my other leg to the other chain she
lifted my arms so I would have some balance. Then she fastened the other leg
and finished raising my arms up.  I mean she was not fooling around as she
almost lifted me off the ground, but did manage to get me tight.

   She then walked to the house and spent about five minutes inside doing some
thing.  But when I saw her comming out the door she had the large blue sun
shower bag full to the top with something, I assumed water.  When she got back
to me she reached up and hooked the bag as high as she could so that the water
would flow out easily.  I felt her hook the tube from the bag to the end of
the bardex, and when she did she opened the bag.  The minute the water hit me
I knew that it was HOT WATER, and I mean HOT.  GOD I started to pull and tug
and just move any way that I could trying to get lose, but the water keep on
running in me.

   She filled me up and unhooked the tube so that it could run right back out.
Boy did that feel good, and I mean good.  I must have done a good job myself
as she told me that I was lucky as it came out almost clear.  I was relieved
to hear that as Linda could really get nasty if she had to do what I was told
to do myself.

   It was now almost eleven thirty, and I expected Linda to let me down from
here, but instead she just walked away.  I was going to ask her what she
intended to do, but at the last second I changed my mind.  Instead she looked
back at me and told me that she was through with me, but I was to wait for her
guests to arrive.  I thought to my self, what guests?

   I didn't know what time it was getting to be, but it seemed like hours.
Then I heard a car or some thing drive up out front, and then the door chimes
rang.  It was a few more minutes before I saw any one, but when I did I didn't
like it.  When every one was out in the yard there were three men and two more
women not counting Ken.  One of the men was carring a large brief case, and
they all came over to me.  When they were all standing around me one of the
women looked over at Linda and Ken.  She asked them if they were sure that
they still wanted to go through with it, but didn't say what.  Ken spoke first
saying YES, and Linda just grinned with a crooked smile.  The women looked
back at me and said OK - we might as well get started right away.

   That is when the man carring the brief case sat it down and opened it.  I
could see him take out a blindfold and then he handed it to the women closest
to me.  She slipped it on me and that was the last I could see.  But I sure
could hear the women telling the others what to do next. She told one of them
to hook me back up and fill me full of water so that I would have some thing
to keep my mind on.  I don't know which one but one of them started the water
back in me.  A few minutes later I was not quite full, but it stopped.  I
wondered what was going on about the time I heard the women say - OK we will
start with the left one. She told the person behind me that when she said
ready to open the bag again.

   The next thing I heard was OK - NOW.  About then I felt the water start,
and a sharp pain on my left nipple, I mean really sharp.  GOD it hurt!  She
then told him to shut the water off, and he did.  She told who ever it was to
give her a minute and she would be ready for the right side.  Well that was
about all it was a minute and she told that person to open it, and just as the
first.  When I felt the water I felt another supper sharp pain in my nipple.
I must tell you at this point that before this my nipples were pierced, so the
pain went away fairly fast.

   At this point Some one removed the blind fold and I was told to look at
what was done.  I almost let out a scream when I saw what she had done to me.
In each nipple was s stainless steel ring clamped where it could not come out.
I didn't say a word, but at that point they all walked away but Linda.  She
was told to let the water out of me and make sure that I was empty.  Then she
was to pull out the bardex and insert a very large butt plug in me.  Needless
to say that is just what she did.

   At this point I thought that the worst was over, or at least I sure hoped
it was.  But not a chance as the worst was still to come, and I mean the worst.

   The next thing that happened was that Linda left me still suspended from
that tree.  This time I asked what was going on even though I didn't expect an
answer.  But to my surprise she looked at me and said that it would take about
twenty minutes to get every thing set up before they would come and get me.  I
was looking into her eyes while she was talking, and I felt like I detected
the sign of sadness or pitty some thing.  Well as you can expect I just hung
around there waiting for I really could not do a hell-of-a lot else.




                                   Chapter 2

   It was I would guess just about twenty maybe twenty five minutes before the
women that did the piercing and two men came out again.  They all walked up
together and the women was carring the blind fold again.  She told the men to
get me down and to cuff my hands behind me tell they got in side.  When I was
down and able to walk with my hands behind me she came in front of me and
slipped the blind fold on again.  Then with one man on each side I was walked
back into the house.  As we approached I could hear what sounded like some
thing being tightened and what ever it was sounded heave.  The ones inside
were sliding what ever it was around I guess to give it enough room.

   When we were inside I knew by the distance that we were in the den, but it
seemed different.  The women told them (the men) to get me up on the platform.
I though to my self (platform) there is no platform in the den.  Well any way
I was lifted off my feet and sat down on some thing that was made of wood.  I
felt the edge as they were putting me on it, and I knew what ever it was it
was thick.  The next thing was that the women started giving orders like she
was some top sargent or some thing.  I mean like slid her down, slip her over
more that way.  Things like that!  When they were done moving me around like a
piece of furnature they layed me back on what felt like a board.  The only
thing was that my legs from my hips down were hanging over the bottom edge of
the table.  I could not understand that, but still I just knew there was a
reason.

   At this point they were told to fasten my shoulders down and to fasten my
arms tight to the bottom of the platform. After they had done that I could not
raise up or move even the littlest bit back.  The women came to my side as I
could tell by the feel of her hands as she touched me.  Then I felt a wide
leather belt crossing over me at my waist.  She pulled it tight with a buckle
and set it in place.  Then she told the men it was time to secure my legs, but
I thought where.  Well I found out as I felt one pair on hands on each anckle
removing the leather cuffs that were there.  Then I felt a wide set of leather
cuffs being buckled around my ankles, I mean wide.  The next thing I heard was
two snaps being closed on each cuff and what felt like a chain being pulled
down from the bottom of my feet.  That is when they pulled my legs out to the
side until the were almost stright acrossed from each other.  I had been in
this position before, but it still didn't feel that good.  That is when the
women told some one to go ahead and tighten me up.  At that point I could feel
my legs being pulled wider and wider apart.  This time they were about stright
out to the side. The women that was giving all the orders asked for the
leather straps, and I asume she was given them.  She took a few minutes and
put two on each leg.  What ever my legs were laying on was what the straps
went around, and they were drawed up fairly tight also.

   I felt some one removing the blind fold and I was able to look up if
nothing else.  I shifted my eyes around as best I could and I could just about
see every one that I had seen before.  I guess that I could see Linda best as
she was the closest to me.  She was standing there with a bottle of alcohol
and a wash cloth.  The women told her to wipe me down as she was about ready
to start.  So Linda went to the bottom of the table and poured some alcohol on
the cloth and started wiping me between my legs.  At this point I was not
wanting to know what was next, just that I knew I didn't want any part of it.
When she was finished the women came over and sprayed some thing all over the
area that Linda had wiped.  She looked at some one and said that the spray was
to help fight any infection.  I thought to myself what infection?

   Well she finished what ever she was doing and went to talk to Ken and Linda
off to the side of me.  I could hear them clearly and that is when I heard her
ask them if they were sure they wanted three not just the usuall one.  Three
one - three one what?  Then I heard Ken say YES put the three on each side in
as you see fit for what we had talked about earlier.  The women said OK - but
you do understand that she will have to be gaged as this really hurts with one
let alone three all at the same time.  Ken just said his usuall saying ( what
ever you think ).

   I heard the women tell the other women to get the gag that looked like a
ball with a tube in it.  She told her to tape it in my mouth and put a cork in
the end of the tube as I could breath through my nose at first.  After she was
done with each one she was told to take the cork out to give me extra air.
Each one what I still had no damn idea what they were going to do to me.  Not
the slightest!!!!

   It took only a few seconds to put the gag in my mouth and it worked just as
she said.  When she put the cork in the tube end I had to breath through my
nose completely.  I started taking slow breaths to make it easier, and it
worked.  The women was standing between my legs now and she started talking to
me.  She told me to take a deep breath when she said and to hold it until she
said told let it out.

   She said that by doing that I would be able to stand the pain that much
better.  I tried to talk through the gag and I guess it worked.  I wanted to
know what she ment!  She looked over at Ken and Linda and asked them it they
told me what she was there for.  Ken just nodded, but Linda came right out and
said -NO-.  Well the women said that they had gone too far to stop now, so she
looked back at me and told me what she was planning to do.

   That was the first time that I knew she and the others were planning to
piearce both sides of my lower lips.  At that moment I really wanted nothing
else but out of there. As you can guess the way I was fastened and the
position I was in made that impossible.  So even though I didn't want any part
of it, what could I do?



                                   Chapter 3

   It was now time for her to get started with what ever she was planning to
do, and being the fact that I could not see her that well I was sorta worried
about it.  So as being the only thing I could do was wait - I did.

   I layed there a few seconds and then I felt her pulling on me just a bit.
Then she looked up at me and told me it was time to take a deep breath, so I
did.  She told me to let that one out and take another, but to hold that one.
So I took the deepest breath I could and let it out real slow. I think I
wanted to take up some more time, but it didn't help.  I took another deep
breath and when she saw me hold it she did it.  I mean she clamped a stainless
steel ring right through my right lip, and god it hurt.  I could not let out a
screem as loud as I knew it would have been, but she didn't have to tell me to
breath.  As soon as all the air was out of me the other women pulled the cork
out and I took the deepest breath I had even taken.  At the same time I wanted
to cry, but it just didn't come.  All I could feel was the now dull pain of
that ring that was in me.  She didn't give me a break at this point as she was
moving the ring around I guess to make sure it was lose.  All I knew was that
every time she touched it I tried to get away, but as you know by now that was
not possible.

   I looked over at Ken with my eyes begging him to make her stop!  But when I
was able to look in his eyes he turned away from me.  I even tried to make
sounds that would ask him to help me, but that didn't work either.  There was
nothing I could do, nothing at all.

   I guess about ten minutes passed and that women was doing the same thing
again except to the other side.  Then she told me to breath in deep just as
before.  I didn't want to at first, but I figured I had better.  When I let
the first breath out and took my second one that other women put the cork back
in the tube.  At that point I felt the sharp pain and again I didn't need to
be told to breath.  The only difference was that this time I really pulled and
tugged at the straps that were holding me to the table.  It was on no use
though as the ring was in and she was already moving it around to make sure it
was like the other side.

   GOD I had seen women in magiznes that had their lower lips pierced, but I
never thought that I would like that myself.  Let alone have it done!  But as
bad as it was still hurting me I really felt that it was over now as I
remembered only seeing one ring in each side.  At that point she looked over
at Ken and Linda along with most of the others.  She told them that was how it
was done and they could leave now and do what ever they wanted.  She said that
her and the other women could handle the rest - rest rest of what.  I now had
a ring in each side of me what more could there possibly be?  Well believe me
I was going to find out!

   When all the others had left and went some other place in the house this
women started talking to me again.  She tried to tell me it was not all that
bad, and that it would stop hurting real soon.  Of course that didn't mean a
damn thing to me as I was the one doing the hurting.  She told me that the
worst was over and the other four rings would go in a lot easier.  When she
said that I really started to pull tug and do any thing else I could to get
away from her.  But she was good as she had me where she knew I was hers until
she was done, and I knew it too.  So she took a bottle of some I soon found
out was alcohol and poured some on the two rings she had already put in.  BURN
you bet!  But she said that would help keep any infection down that the rings
might cause.  As much as it was burning and stinging I was glad that she took
this much care in what she was doing.

   It took I would guess about another fourty five minutes to and hour for her
to put the other four rings in.  When she put the last one she had to tell me
as I was so spaced out that I was not even counting.  By this time I was
breathing so hard that i though that I would pull the air tube down inside me.
I was also crying so hard that i could not see any thing for the tears in my
eyes.  The women that was standing at my head was running her hands through my
hair and wipping my eyes when she say the tears run down my cheeks.  She never
said much through the whole ordeal, but the few things she did say I heard.
She keep telling me to hang in there as it would soon be over, and that she
had it done and she knew what I was feeling.  That would not sound like much
to any one else, but it did in a small way help me.  For some strange reason I
didn't feel totally alone!

   The women that had put the rings in me left the room and came back with
Linda.  As she talked to Linda she was telling her what she needed to do for
the next week to make sure that I didn't get infected and to keep the holes
open for the rings.  She showed Linda how to turn the rings and to put alcohol
and other anticseptics on me to help with the healing.  She had Linda turn the
rings her self to make sure she did it correctly.  When she did I came unglued
again! But she told Linda that no matter how much it hurt me it had to be
done.  So Linda did as she was told!  OK - the women told Linda to get the
short bar that was out in her car and bring it to her.  Linda left and I
assume she went to get it.

   When Linda returned she had the bar that was short alright, just under two
feet long.  The women told Linda to help get me off the table, and the two of
them started unfastening the straps that were holding me down.  Before they
undid the cuffs on my ankles the women put on some funny looking leather cuffs
around my knees.  Once they were in place she took the shor bar and fastened
it to the right knee.  The she told Linda to let my ankle lose and bring my
leg over to the bar.  As she did the women fastened the cuff on my left knee
to the bar.  Then she unhooked the other ankle cuff and my legs were lose.
She told Linda to unfasten my wrists but not to let me lose.  She said that I
needed to have my arms refastened behind me for the time being.  So as my arms
were released I was lifted a bit and they were refastened behind my back.  The
women explained that for safety sake this would make sure that i didn't pull
at the rings or try to take them out.  I didn't think of that, but I was now!

   At this point I was loser, but still laying on the table. And believe me I
was still hurting like hell with even the slighest movement.  The women called
out to the men that were some where to come and help her.  They did, and she
told them to be easy but to pick me up.  When they had me up she told them to
take me to my room and gently put me on my bed.  Going down the hall every
twist and turn made me want to scream out, but the gag was still not removed
yet.  After we reached my room they were really easy in putting me back down.
Once they did she told them to leave.   After they were gone she got up and
closed the door so we were alone in there.  She looked at me and asked if I
was going to scream if she took the gag out.  I shook my head to indicate NO,
and she unfastened the strap that held the gag.  I had a water pitcher on my
night stand and she poured me a small glass of water.  Sense my hand were not
in use of course she helped me drink it also.

   At this point she asked if I had any questions, which of course I had
dozens.  But the big one came first!  Why did you do this to me?  She said
that it was at the request of Ken, and that he felt it would help him have
more and better control over me.  Some how I felt that she was right about
that!  Then I asked why I was still fastened like I was? She explained that
the bar between my knees was so that I could not close my legs and to give the
rings time to heal. She reminded me that they would have to be turned several
times a day and antisceptic would have to be put on me at least three time a
day for the first few days.  But what about my arms I asked?  Well to move you
placing them behind your back was the easiest way, but if I wanted she would
fasten them to the sides of the bed.  I asked her if she would please do that
as I knew I could lay better that way. So we continued to talk for a while,
and I finally realized that the worst was now over - really over.

   After she left Ken came in and asked how i felt?  What a dumb question -
how do you think I felt ( I snapped )?  He told me that he was going to call
my job and get me off as sick for a few day, and he did.  Fortunetly I had
some comp time comming so I did lose any pay - what a joke worrying about pay
at this time.

   Well it is now Thursday night and I have gotten use to the rings.  I cut my
bra to allow for my nipple rings and to make it easier to sit I wear a
mini-shield all the time now. But as far as what else to say I can't think of
a thing. BUT one thing for sure - I hope NO ONE ELSE ever has to go through
what I did - NEVER NEVER!!!!!!!!!!


   Please excuse some of the spelling as that is just one of my many
weaknesses........................................
