Archive-name: Bestial/piggy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Here Piggy Piggy


"I had to admit I was a flop as a lover. But, up to now, it was 
something I'd admit to myself. My eyes wandered off to some kids 
playing down the block. School had just let out for the afternoon 
and those little brats were making a louder squalling racket than 
the pigs in my crate. Little girls were playing sidewalk games, like 
hopscotch and jumping rope. Not one of them was over six or 
seven. I kept watching them, the way their little behinds never 
stopped moving. Most of them had on short skirts, showing of their 
long bare legs. I felt my interest growing whenever one bent over 
to pick up a potsy or whatever they call it. I wanted to see up 
under those skirts. I caught brief glimpses of some little girl butts. 
I hardened. Now that, I thought, this was something I could go for 
in a big way.

"The more I watched, the more restless I got. I know what they 
say about a guy who goes after kids. I know that if he's caught 
they throw the book at him. But I was going to be sure I wouldn't 
get caught. I singled one out. She was rousing me up the most. She 
was about seven, with long blonde hair. It flopped down on her 
shoulders and hung in a fringe on her forehead to her eyebrows. 
What a little beauty, I thought. She was going to be a real man-
killer when she grew up. But if she grew up, that'd be too late for 
me. She was the most active of the group. Jumping, skipping, 
straddling, ridding. She had a way of touching and playing with 
herself, not minding who saw her, and every once in a while she'd 
get her hand in between her spread legs and pinch. She had 
something in there that needed taking care of. Young as she is, I 
thought, I would be able to get my cock into her one way or 
another. And the way I was feeling by now, all hard up, I knew I 
was going to be the one that pops her cherry with one big thrust.

"I couldn't scare her away when I went near her. I had to get on 
her good side first. So I left the truck and went into a nearby 
candy store and bought a handful of big lollipops. Then I walked 
down the street to where the kids were playing and stood looking 
at them for a few minutes. Seeing this little blonde up close was 
getting to be more than I could take. The kids got used to me being 
there, then I got chummy by saying a few funny, friendly things 
to them. Then I said: 'Hey! How about some candy? This treat's on 
me!'

"Ever see a kid who wouldn't take candy? These weren't any 
different. I handed out the lollipops, saving a big red one for the 
blonde. She took it, acting very friendly.

" 'Say! I have a little girl at home just like you!' It was a lie. My 
throat was choking for her.



" 'You have?'

" 'I always take her to the zoo on Sundays.'

" 'I like to go to the zoo.'

" 'Want to see my animals?'

" 'What animals?'

" 'I got a whole truck full of them.'

" 'You have!'

" 'Up the block. Come on. I'll show them to you.'

"The other kids wanted to see too. I couldn't keep them from 
tagging along as we went to the parked truck. The kids laughed at 
all the grunting pigs. The blonde licked her all-day sucker and 
laughed too.

"I took her as gently as I could be the shoulders. Her smallness 
made my hands tremble. We went toward the cab of my truck.

" 'Get in and I'll take you for a ride,' I said.

" 'Papa said I shouldn't.'

" 'Look! I know your papa.'

" 'You do!'

" 'He said it's all right. We're friends. We're just going a little 
ways so that I can let the animals loose. You'll see more of them 
then.'

"I had been selling her I was a good guy and she bought it. She was 
in a hurry to jump up in the cab. The other kids spotted us and 
wanted to come too.

" 'One at a time,' I told them. 'When I bring her

back, I'll take the others.'

"Not wanting to wait, they all groaned. I finally got my rig rolling 
with just me and the blonde kid. She kept talking about herself, 
and wiggling and squirming on the seat, sucking her lollipop. I 
looked down at the way her long young legs kept kicking out. I was 
gooney for it.

"We got out of town and parked in a field. No one could see us 
here. She had big blue eyes. They kept looking at me like she was 
wondering. 'Is this where you're going to let them loose?'

" 'Yeah.'

" 'I don't see any other animals, mister.'

" 'You'll see them right now. Get out.'

"She leaped out of the cab, her skirt going up high as she jumped. I 
got her close to the truck. 'Now I'm going to show you something 
you've never seen before.'

" 'What is it?'

" 'I'll show you where little pigs come from.'

"She kept staring at me. I caught her and lowered her to the 
grassy ground on her back.

" 'What're you doing?' she asked.

" 'You have to look up.'

As she looked up at me, I fondled her legs. The small size of them 
was making my heart thump and my blood boil.

" 'First, you've got to show me what you've got up here.' I flipped 
her short skirt up. Thin white panties were twisted up high in her 
crotch. They were yellowed between the legs as if she'd done pee 
without taking them off. The sight of this made me hornier.

"I jabbed at her groin with my right hand. My thumb was sticking 
up big and stiff. It tore a hole right through her thin panties and I 
forced it on into her little opening, working my knuckles in. It was 
tight as hell. I had to have it. My left hand got myself ready. I 
never had such an erection. It was like a ballbat. Then I looked 
into her eyes.

"She wasn't making a sound. Her eyes were innocent-like. They 
were round with panic. I pulled my thumb out. I didn't want to 
hurt her. I knew if I didn't stop now, I'd never stop. This kid, 
then more kids like her. It was an awful mixed-up feeling. I 
wanted to and I didn't want to.

"Suddenly I picked her up, put her on her feet, and shoved her 
away. 'G'wan!' I shouted. 'Nobody's going to hurt you! Beat it!'

"She ran away across the field as fast as her legs could carry her, 
the blonde hair flying. I knew she was going to tell her old man. 
He'd come back looking for me, maybe with the police. I jumped 
into my truck and barreled to hell out of there. I drove all the way 
to the other side of town till I found another field. I parked near a 
clump of trees. By now I had to have it! I had to have something! 
As I sat there in a sweat, I listened to the grunting and rummaging 
of the pigs in the van. Damn it all, I thought, there is something! I 
went in back and looked them over. There were all kinds. I picked 
out a big fat sow, the ugliest one of the bunch. Ugly ones give me a 
lift. Some ugly women are sexy. I got a rope on this oinking sow 
and hauled her into the trees. I tied her up and went around 
behind her. I'd never seen a woman look this good. When I 
rammed her she kicked up a noisy fuss, then after a few minutes 
she settled down. I rutted her. I rutted her till I was weak. Then I 
lay down and rested. For the first time in my life, I felt good. I'd 
really done something to something else. I'd made it. I wasn't a 
flop like I was with women. After a while I began to look at the 
sow again. She was still tied up, gobbling up some garbage 
picnickers had left behind on the ground. 'Want it again, you 
swine?' I said to her. 'Old sowbelly, you'll get it good!' I went after 
it again. The second time was even better than the first.

"By then, I was pooped out. I had to get this load of hogs back to 
market. I was late now. I drove to the unloading platforms and 
watched the hogs getting rousted out. I kinda hated to see my old 
sow go. I still had a hankering for her. Maybe, I thought, some 
other guy'll get you and you'll keep getting the works. I hoped so.

--
