     Pippa's Punishment

     Philippa Courtenay, who preferred to be known as Pippa,
was the eighteen year old daughter of Robert Courtenay, the
headmaster of Radley Court Preparatory School.  She was
studying History at college, but stayed at the school during
her holidays.  Since colleges are more generous with their
vacations than prep schools Pippa was often at the school
during term time.

     Pippa was a good looking girl with a soft, delicate
prettiness.  She had light brown hair tied back in a neat
pony-tail and blue eyes that often sparkled with mischief. 
Many girls of her age would have found life at as boys' prep
school quite boring, but Pippa was prepared to find enjoyment
in anything at all.

     She knew that the eldest boys, thirteen and fourteen year
olds, were quite old enough to find her attractive and she
deliberately teased them by smiling seductively at them or
wiggling her pretty bottom in their direction.  Once or twice
she had even favoured some senior boys with a kiss - 'a proper
kiss with the tongue and everything' - but she would not have
dreamed of going any further.

     Although the boys found her irresistibly attractive - she
had no competition after all except for the middle-aged
teacher Mrs Mills and her own mother - they knew she was just
teasing them and was not to be trusted.

     Once a boy called Robert Barker had been caught with her
out of bounds - she had asked him out for a walk saying she
would give him a kiss.  When they had been caught Pippa said
that she had only just met him.  Gallantly Barker didn't deny
it and said that he'd broken bounds by himself to go to the
shops.  He received six of the best from Mr Courtenay's cane
and was no longer so attracted to Pippa.

     This incident revived some speculation amongst the boys. 
Why had Pippa lied if not to avoid punishment herself?  Would
Mr Courtenay have caned her as well if he'd known the truth?

     There was a tradition, passed down from one year to the
next, that Pippa was caned by her father in her bedroom.  But
although they would have liked to believe it, it seemed
unlikely to the boys in the senior dormitory.  Pippa's room
was immediately above theirs and none of them had ever heard
her being caned.

     The truth of the matter was as follows.  Pippa had never
been caned but up until she had been twelve or thirteen she
had been slippered by her father when she'd been particularly
naughty.  Five or six years is a long time in prep school
life, the most senior boys had just been completely new then,
and the story of her slipperings had been corrupted by
transmission into canings.

     One evening Pippa, dressed provocatively in a
figure-hugging T-shirt and tight faded-denim jeans, came into
the senior dorm as the boys were washing and getting ready for
bed.  One of the boys, Barry Cronin, had visited Mr
Courtenay's study earlier that day and as he lowered his
shorts some boys gathered to inspect the marks left by the
headmaster's cane.  Pippa joined the group and drew a deep
breath.

     "Gosh!  Did my dad do that?  I bet it hurts!  Come on,
I'll give you a kiss if you'll let me feel the marks!"

     As she made these remarks some of the boys noticed her
father standing in the doorway.  Pippa hadn't noticed him
however and she was dumbfounded to hear him say, in a voice
the boys recognised as ominous, "Philippa.  You shouldn't be
in here.  Don't answer now.  Just go and wait for me in your
bedroom.  I shall be up to see you in a moment."

     She left and Mr Courtenay proceeded to lecture the
members of the dorm for making too much noise.  He threatened
to bring his cane up straight away if there was a further
outbreak.  Then he stormed out.

     In her bedroom Pippa was wondering what was going to
happen.  She felt that the best that she could expect would be
another taste of the slipper she'd thought she'd grown too old
for five years earlier.  But it could be even worse - he might
cane her!  "Surely he can't," she thought, "I'm a grown
woman."  But she didn't think, somehow, that he was going to
let her off with just a slippering.

     When her father entered her bedroom her worst fears were
exceeded.  He was carrying not one cane but two!  One was the
ordinary cane, about two feet six long, which Cronin had felt
earlier that day, and the other was a good six inches longer
and slightly thicker.  It was a senior school cane retained by
Mr Courtenay from his days as a public school housemaster.

     "Right, my girl!  Let's get this over!" said Mr
Courtenay.  "We both know what you've done.  Perhaps I haven't
been strict enough with you in the past, but I won't make that
mistake again!  Take those jeans down!"

     Pippa did not dare to argue with her father in this mood. 
With trembling fingers she unzipped the jeans and eased them
off over her shapely thighs.  She slipped off her shoes and
removed her jeans, folding them neatly and placing them on her
bed.

     Mr Courtenay told her to take the books off the bedside
table and to move it into the centre of the room.  The
frightened girl did so, embarrassed at the fact that all she
was wearing below her waist was her white cotton panties. 
When the table was placed to her father's satisfaction, giving
him room for and unrestricted swing of the cane, he told her
to bend over and grasp its top.  He made her move her legs
slightly until he felt that her pantie-clad bottom was
perfectly placed.  

     Then he said "First I'm going to give you exactly what I
gave Cronin.  Six of the best.  I intend it to hurt but I do
not advise you to make a fuss unless you want those boys to
hear.  Their dormitory is directly below this room."  With
that he drew back the cane to begin the punishment.  Pippa's
whole body tensed as she waited for the first stroke.

     WHACK!

     The well-used cane bit its way deeply into the tender
flesh of its first-ever female victim, across the narrow V of
the girl's panties.  Pippa inhaled urgently.  It was bad, but
it might have been worse.

     She rode the second stroke quite well, choking back a cry
and wriggling her backside.  But she still had four of the
best to come and she knew that on this occasion her father
would deliver only the very best.

     Somewhat surprised at how well his daughter was coping
with the early part of her punishment, Mr Courtenay applied
even more force to his third stroke.

     WHACKK!!

     "Oh . . . ow . . . oh!" cried Pippa.  She raised first
one foot and then the other.  It seemed as if white hot flames
were searing her entire bottom.

     The fourth cut brought forth a resounding screech and a
furious writhing of the teenager's haunches.  That vicious
stroke sent vibrations to every nerve and fibre of her body. 
She had tried very hard not to cry but now the floodgates
burst and her slender body heaved with sobs.  She was on the
point of leaping up and clutching her rear, but a stern rebuke
and the threat of additional strokes made her slump back over
the table.

     Pippa flexed her bottom-muscles, anticipating the next
slash of pain.  It wasn't her bottom that got it, however. 
The cane dug deeply into the firm flesh at the top of her
thighs.

     The girl's agony was acute.  Despite her firm intentions
she screamed and stamped her bare feet hard on the floor.

     Only one stroke of the six remained.  The angry father
was determined it would be a good one.  The cane scythed
through the air.

     SWISH! . . . WHACKK!!!

     "Oh . . . ooh . . . ah . . . oo . . . agh!" cried out
Pippa, her body jerking upright.  She must have leaped a foot
in the air before her feet landed back on the floor.  Her
hands stuck to her wealed bottom as though they had been
magnetised.

     Mr Courtenay grasped his sobbing daughter by her
shoulders and addressed her:  "Well, you wanted to know what
Cronin's marks felt like.  Now you know - from the inside! 
Now I propose to deal with you for you disgraceful and
indecent behaviour."  And he put down the smaller cane and
picked up the longer.

     Pippa tried to protest that she had already been
punished, but her father insisted that he had not started yet. 
He told her that she had wanted to know what Cronin had got
and now she did know, but she had not yet been punished for
her own misbehaviour.  He told her to take off her panties.

     The chastened girl obeyed, but very slowly as if hoping
every moment for a reprieve.  Her buttocks were now fully
revealed, the pale flesh bruising and clearly marked with
raised crimson welts.  With a dismal sigh she draped herself
over the table again.

     Mr Courtenay had intended to give his naughty daughter
another six with the senior cane, but seeing her state he
decided that a lesser punishment should be enough to make his
point.  "Right, Philippa.  Two strokes," he said.

     The headmaster was not so used to using the longer cane
and he found it difficult to aim accurately.  Nevertheless the
first stroke dug into one of her earlier weals.  Pippa yelped
like a scalded cat and her feet danced up and down on the
floor.  She lifted her head and it thrashed to and fro in line
with her tortured bottom.

     Her father did not give her any time to recover before he
delivered the final stroke.  It crashed into her anguished
bottom and she nearly went berserk.  Then he back arched and
she squealed softly for a long few seconds.  Mr Courtenay told
her she could get up.

     He delivered a few well-chosen words and then left his
daughter alone to her pain and her shame.

     Downstairs in the senior dormitory much of the canings
had been audible.  There was now no doubt that Pippa did get
the cane!  The boys did not dare to talk much with Mr
Courtenay in his present mood, but several of them masturbated
while thinking of what had happened to the pretty teenager.

     Next morning all eyes were on Pippa during Assembly.  She
wore a long, loose skirt and it was noted that she stood
stiffly throughout, even while everyone else was sitting.
