The Pirate
--- ------




	Images flooded back to him in a rush.  Bearded men running 
down dirt roads, attacking and killing anything that moved.  The sails 
in the harbor, black upon black cloth, snapping in the air.  The steely 
rasp of swords clashing.  And then the sounds of screaming tore at his 
memory, heavy footsteps, yelling...
	The feel of blood as his father collapsed into his arms, the prick 
of the sword that still impaled his father's dying form cutting into his 
side.  His own screaming added to the cries of pain and loss.
	He tried to clasp his hands to his ears to stop the memory, to 
stop the sounds from tearing his heart, but could not.  They would not 
move.
	Panic brought him awake suddenly, his eyes snapping open 
wildly.
	He was in a finely furnished room, alone.  Twisting, he found 
that his hands were tied behind his back.  His legs were likewise tied 
in several places.  Suddenly, the room rocked.
	He felt his stomach twist and realized he was on a ship.  Reality 
crashed in upon him, and he realized he was a prisoner of the men 
who had looted his village.  His father, dead.  His mother and 
sisters...probably lived, in the hands of the pirates.  It was the pirate 
way, he knew, to claim captured women as their own.
	He felt his tears flow in grief for his father, and the ship lurched 
again.  He felt his stomach respond, and he vomited onto the floor, 
next to where he was laying.  He felt himself crying again, and then 
became very tired and fell asleep.

	A sharp pain brought him awake.  He gasped as something hit 
his chest, and he struggled to move away.  It hit again, and he realized 
it was a boot.  He found he couldn't breathe.
	"Damn you, Gerald!  Get the HELL away from my boy!"
	The boots went away, and he heard the door slam.
	He gasped for air, and felt himself lifted to his knees.  He 
looked into the face of the man who helped him up.  Two things 
crossed his mind.  The man was extremely good looking, and this was 
the man who had killed his father.
	The man stood up and, grabbing a knife, cut the bonds that 
bound him.  He tried to stand, but the lack of blood in his limbs and 
his inability to breathe left him helpless on the floor.
	He was lifted bodily and held upright by the pirate.  He found it 
was easier to breathe, but the blood returning to his limbs was painful, 
and his eyes started to water.  He was pushed forward and out the 
door.
	He saw a dark hallway, and then steps leading up into sunlight.  
He was pushed up the steps onto the deck.
	He wiped his eyes and saw many men moving on the deck, 
smoothly operating the various parts of the ship.  The giant sails were 
fully drawn and billowed powerfully in the wind, the same black upon 
black sails he remembered from the raid.  There was no doubt 
anymore.  He wished he had the strength to run, or fight.
	He was not given the chance.  He was held by two men as the 
pirate who had claimed him pulled out a knife and cut his vomit-
soaked clothes off him.  When he was naked, they pulled him to the 
back of the ship and attached a rope harness to him.  Before he 
realized what they intended, they cast him off the deck into the water.
	He tried to surface, but was pulled abruptly after the ship by the 
harness.  His head was barely kept above water as his body bore the 
brunt of wave after wave against his skin.  He screamed as the salt 
entered the wound in his side, and then felt himself pulled back up 
onto the ship.
	He was cast down, shivering and shaking, and a soft cloth was 
wrapped around his waist, over the wound.  Then he was pulled back 
down the staircase and into the same cabin as before.
	Two men were finishing wiping up the vomit on the floor and 
left immediately.  He was cast onto the floor again, and all but the 
original pirate left the cabin, pulling the door closed after them.
	The pirate grabbed something off the large wooden desk in the 
corner of the room.  Looking around, he could see two hammocks, the 
desk, several chests, and another door.  The pirate crossed the room to 
stand before him and pulled his head up.
	"I'd rather not have to hurt you as I did your father, so hold still 
and don't resist me.  What's your name?"  The man's voice was 
smooth and deep.  That, and the sword hanging from the man's belt, 
helped him to decide not to resist.  "Alex."
	"Good.  You must never lie to me.  I already knew your name 
from your sister.  Had your answer been different from hers, I would 
have killed you both.  Look up."
	Alex looked up towards the ceiling.  The man pulled his head 
down slightly, and then he felt something cold encircle his neck.
	"This collar, Alex, is your symbol of servitude to me.  My 
personal markings are on it."  The man pulled a small black lock and 
attached it to the collar under Alex's chin.  "It's locked on.  If it is ever 
removed, another pirate will have the right to claim you, and I warn 
you:  most of the others on these ships are rather brutal with their 
slaves."
	The man stood and walked over to the wall against which the 
hammocks were strung side by side.  Alex watched as the pirate 
pulled a long silver chain over to Alex and attached the chain to the 
lock at his neck.  With a snap the lock clicked shut.  Alex could see 
the other end of the chain was attached to a bolt in the wall between 
the hammocks.
	The man sat on one of the hammocks.  "Alex, welcome to my 
world.  I am captain of this ship, the Black Cutlass."  The man sighed.  
"I know what you're going through, and what you're feeling.  I killed 
your father, yes.  Your mother and sisters are alive, and were claimed 
by pirates on other ships.  You will not see any of them again.  It is 
important that you obey me and not resist me.  I have an image to 
uphold, and, since you are my slave, so do you.  Any attempt to resist 
me or escape, and you will be punished SEVERELY.  I have killed 
slaves before, and I will not hesitate to do it now, if provoked.  Do 
you understand?"
	Alex nodded, lost and upset and confused.  He felt tears welling 
in his eyes again, and wiped them away quickly.
	"Ah, you are still grieving for your father.  Very well.  Come 
over here."
	Alex began to stand.
	"No, my slave, stay on hands and knees at all times."
	Alex lowered himself to the floor and crawled to the man's feet, 
humiliated by the position and his nudity.
	"You may rest, on that hammock, which is yours.  Get into it."
	Alex carefully maneuvered himself into the swaying hammock 
and lay back.  He almost fell asleep instantly, and felt his hands 
tugged over his head before dropping off.

	It seemed he slept for days.  When he awoke, he found that his 
hands and feet were once again tied, to the rings holding up the 
hammock.  He felt extremely stiff, but much more awake and alive.  
The memories this time were not quite as painful when they flooded 
back to him, but the loss of his family still hurt deeply.  And this 
pirate was to blame for it.
	Looking around, he saw that the cabin was deserted.  He looked 
up at his hands and saw they were tied with rope.  He wriggled them a 
bit and found that they moved, although only slightly.  He weighed 
the risks in his mind, and decided to try to get free, and ambush the 
pirate when he next entered the room.
	He tried pulling one hand through the loops, and after a few 
seconds relaxed.  He threw his whole arm into it, pulling his hand with 
all his might, even though it hurt terribly.  He had to give up, gasping 
and sweating.  The loops were tight.
	The he realized that the ring holding the hammock up had a 
slight gap in it.  If he could slip the rope up to that gap and through it, 
he could at least get his hands to where he could see them better.
	He tried extending his arms, and then, bracing his feet against 
the fabric of the hammock, pushed his body upwards.  It was working!  
The rope was very close to the hole, but not quite.  He shifted his 
weight and tried to inch a little more towards the head of the 
hammock.
	Suddenly, he felt the hammock leaning towards the wall.  He 
quickly gave up trying to release his hands and tried to regain balance, 
but could not.  He fell against the wall, and off the hammock.
	The pain in his hands before was nothing compared to what he 
was feeling now!  He was hanging solely by his hands and feet, tied to 
the rings above him, and the pain was excruciating.  He could not help 
crying out in pain, realized he was yelling, and tried to stop himself.  
He bit his lip and swore under his breath, but the pain was too much.  
He yelled for help, praying someone would hear him.
	The door swung open and a strange man stood there for a 
minute, and then ran from the room, closing the door behind him.  
Another minute, and the Captain entered quickly.
	"Damn it all...", he muttered as he crossed the room and began 
to untie the ropes.  Alex, scared, felt tears welling again from the pain 
and fright.  The pirate pulled out a knife and began cutting the ropes 
which had been pulled too tight to unknot.  Alex fell to the floor 
suddenly with a gasp.
	He rubbed his wrists as the Captain cut loose his feet.
	"What were you trying to do?", the Captain said in an even 
tone, tightly controlled.
	The question caught Alex off guard.  He had no idea what to 
say, so said nothing.
	"I see.  Resisting me already.  You'll regret this."
	Alex tried to protest, but the Captain pulled him to his hands 
and knees and dragged him bodily to the corner of the room, the silver 
chain dragging behind him.  Alex heard the door slam, and then felt 
his bruised arms raised overhead.  They were tied tightly to a hook on 
the wall far out of reach.  Alex, fearing he knew what was coming, felt 
cold fear grip his heart, and he began to plead with the pirate.
	"Please, I'm sorry..."
	The pirate did not answer, merely jammed a gag across Alex's 
mouth, cutting off his pleading abruptly.  The cloth around his waist 
was pulled off, exposing the wound again.  And then Alex felt a 
vicious pain across his back, causing him to cry out through the gag.  
Again and again he was whipped, across his entire back and buttocks, 
until he was gasping and crying and pleading against the gag.  The 
Captain ignored him, and continued beating him until the sobs racked 
his body, and his tears stained the gag.  His mind went numb and his 
back seemed to be on fire.
	Finally, the beating stopped, and his hands were released 
briefly, and then tied behind his back.  He felt rough hands pushing 
his neck towards the floor, and his collar was locked to a bolt low in 
the wall.  Finally, his legs were pulled apart roughly.  Through the 
haze, he felt a stab at his buttocks, and then sharp pain as he was 
physically violated.  He felt the Captain's cock slide deep within him 
painfully, and he cried out against the gag helplessly.  He tried to 
escape, but his head was firmly pinned to the wall.  The cock was 
pulled out and pushed back in, and then he felt a hand scratching the 
welts on his back, and the pain drove him back into numbness and 
haziness.  He wished to lose consciousness, but could not, and felt the 
cock drive even deeper, and then the sensation of fluid deep within 
him as the Captain reached orgasm.
	The cock was finally removed, and he sobbed quietly into the 
gag.
	His hands were released, along with his collar, and he was 
pulled backwards and collapsed into the pirate's arms.  He felt anger 
and wished he had the strength to leave the embrace, but it was 
insidiously comfortable, and his body ironically chose that point to go 
unconscious.

	He fought through the haze slowly, unwillingly.  His back still 
stung horribly.  Then he became aware of a different sensation.  He 
felt a hand tugging at his left nipple, and another stroking his cock, 
which was hard.  He realized it was the pirate, and also realized 
suddenly that this was to be part of his slavery.  The pirate intended to 
use him for sex.
	He struggled in the Captain's arms, but they tightened around 
him.
	"Do you want another beating, my pet?", the pirate hissed in his 
ear.  Alex forced himself to succumb to the pirate's caresses fearfully.
	"Good boy.  I do not think your back would take much more as 
it is."
	He relaxed into the pirate's embrace, and was mortified that his 
body responded so quickly to the pirate's caress.  He felt dizzy, out of 
control, erotic, and yet still angry at this man who had destroyed his 
life.  And yet, his cock was pulsing with every stroke, and his 
breathing was shallow and fast.
	"That's right, Alex.  Give in to it.", the pirate whispered into his 
ear.  He felt the pirate biting his neck lightly, and realized he was 
unwillingly building to orgasm.
	The hand released his cock abruptly.  He was pushed onto 
hands and knees, still painfully erect.
	The pirate removed the gag.  "No, you must earn that pleasure, 
slave.  You have not earned anything but my wrath so far."
	He was pulled back to the hammock and told to sleep a while 
longer.  Still dazed, he climbed into the hammock and laid back with a 
twinge from his sore back.  The pirate turned to leave, but then turned 
back to him.
	"I don't think you'll try to escape...but I also don't want you 
touching your cock."  He tied Alex's hands to the ring above his head 
again and, with a quick kiss, left abruptly.
	Alex lay awake for a long time, thinking about what had 
happened.  His back itched and burned, and yet his cock was still hard 
and his body tensed in excitement.  When he finally did sleep, it was a 
troubled sleep, filled with alternating dreams of the horror of the 
attack on his village, and of the pirate holding him and fondling him.

	He woke up shivering and coughing, and his side burned where 
the wound was.  He dared not cry out for help, but knew he was 
feeling the first signs of a fever.  Looking down, he saw his own blood 
staining the canvas hammock, and realized the would had opened 
again.  He felt insidiously weak, and was unable to use his hands to 
staunch the flow of blood, since they were once more tied above his 
head.
	He waited.  It seemed an eternity before the Captain finally 
opened the door, crossed to the desk, picked up some sort of tool, and 
headed out the door again.  Alex lifted his head to call out, but pain 
blossomed when he did so, and he groaned instead.
	The Captain turned at the sound and crossed to where Alex lay.
	"Damn."  Alex felt cold hands touched his fevered skin, and 
something soft pressed against the wound.
	"You must not hesitate to tell me when something is wrong like 
this.  You will not be punished for it...."
	Alex felt his consciousness slip away.

	The next several days were a blur of images as his body 
succumbed fully to the fever.  He was vaguely aware of different 
people tending him, changing the dressings on the wound, giving him 
water to drink.
	Finally, the fever abated.

	Alex woke slowly, feeling far better and fully coherent.  He was 
alone once more, hands tied as before, but feeling fully refreshed and 
alive.  The dressing on the wound was gone, he noticed, and it had 
finally closed and was healing.
	He did not have to wait long before the Captain entered, crossed 
to the hammock, and asked how he was feeling.
	"Much better," he answered.
	"Good.  Because we are in port."
	The Captain untied Alex's hands and ordered him to the floor.  
Alex managed to leave the hammock with only a slight twinge of 
pain, and knelt on the floor at the Captain's feet.
	The chain which was attached to his collar was released, and a 
shorter chain was put in its place.  The pirate held the end of the leash 
in his hand.
	"We're going on deck so you can get some fresh air and 
sunshine.  Listen closely.  Do as I say, without hesitation.  Stay on 
hands and knees.  Do not speak unless I tell you to.  Do NOT obey 
any of the other men.  Keep your head down.  Let's go."
	He was pulled out the cabin door and up the stairs to the deck as 
before.  Bright sunshine caused his eyes to squint as he crawled along 
at the side of the Captain.  He looked around, and saw many men 
lounging on the deck, drinking and laughing.  He also saw several 
other slaves, kneeling beside other pirates, or cleaning the ship.  All 
were naked as he was, and with a shock, he thought he recognized one 
of them.
	His collar was tugged sharply, and he remembered that his head 
was supposed to be kept down.  He lowered it and followed the feet of 
the Captain to another stairway which lead to an upper deck.  The 
Captain sat down in a chair, and Alex sat on the deck beside him.
	"Look over there, my slave."
	Alex looked off the side of the ship where the Captain 
indicated.  The ship was indeed anchored off the shore of a large city, 
larger than Alex had ever seen before.  It seemed thousands of 
buildings filled the valley beneath a range of mountains which rose 
majestically towards the sky.  He could barely make out people 
moving between the buildings on the oceanfront.
	"This is the city of Rythia, a small port, but important for us.  
By selling goods here, we bypass tariffs that are levied to traders in 
the north."
	Alex looked from the port back to the ship and noticed that the 
black sails had somehow been replaced with common colorful trader 
sails.
	The Captain laughed.  "Oh, yes, we are traders most of the time.  
What use is looting a village if we cannot sell what we take?  We have 
no use for most of what we steal.  Except slaves like you."
	With that the Captain pulled his head up by the chin and kissed 
him deeply on the mouth.  Alex accepted the kiss, all the while 
swearing vengeance on this pirate.  And yet, his heart was not fully in 
it.
	The Captain smiled.  "You will learn to appreciate me.  Look 
there."
	Alex looked down onto the deck where a young man was being 
beaten with a heavy belt.  The slave had a brush in his teeth, and was 
furiously scrubbing at the deck even despite the beating.
	"The slave was taken from a city on the other side of the 
continent.  He's obedient, hard-working, and yet Trev punishes him.  
We don't even know the slave's name, since his Master never bothered 
to ask.  Trev also regularly loans him out to others to be raped."
	Alex looked on with horror as the beating continued.  The slave 
tried to pull away, and his Master pulled him back by his hair, and 
kicked him in the side, and then continued the beating.
	Alex looked at the other slaves, many of which were females.  
One woman had been tied in such a way that any passing pirate could 
rape her, and many did so during the afternoon as Alex watched.  
Several others were scrubbing the deck, some were sleeping by the 
sides of bearded pirates, who seemed to take pleasure in waking the 
slaves with a hard belt across the back.
	"Our next stop is at Syrt, where the slave business is their 
largest export.  Many slaves will be sold there, for good money.  Old 
slaves, disobedient slaves, even slaves who the men have gotten tired 
of.  The slaves are then sent across the mountains to be sold for labor 
in the desert towns."
	The Captain was interrupted by a man who walked up and 
began speaking to the Captain in a tongue Alex could not recognize.  
The Captain responded in kind, and some sort of heated discussion 
ensued.  Alex returned his attention to the deck below.
	The Captain stood finally, and handed Alex's leash to another 
man.  "Sorry, pet, business calls."  Turning to the man who now held 
the leash, he said, "Put him to work."
	Alex watched at the Captain walked away, and then followed 
the man who tugged his leash insistently.  He was put to work 
polishing the brass molding on the main mast, his leash locked firmly 
around the mast so he could not escape.
	He was working diligently when he heard his name whispered 
quietly behind him.  Turning, he saw the slave he thought he 
recognized before.
	It was a person he knew vaguely as the son of a traveling 
merchant.  The merchant had been in the town when the pirates had 
attacked.  How the lad had learned his name, he did not know.  The 
boy was scrubbing the deck and had obviously moved close to Alex in 
order to talk to him.
	"You're from New Tryl, right?"
	Alex nodded slowly, still polishing away at the brass so as not 
to get into trouble.  "You're the son of the merchant?", he whispered.
	The youth nodded.  "Cary is my name.  You're the only one I've 
recognized.  My Da is dead."
	Alex nodded.  "Mine too.  I'm sorry."
	The boy smiled wanly.  "It's just nice to see someone I know."
	Alex spared a look around.  "We could get into trouble for 
talking."
	The boy looked frightened, and then his face hardened.  "I don't 
care.  And it looks as though you've already been in trouble.  Your 
back is all bruised."
	Alex winced.  "Yeah, trying to escape.  Didn't get very far."  He 
noticed a pirate staring in his direction.  "We need to stop talking.  
Move away, we'll talk again later."
	The boy moved silently away, scrubbing as he went.
	Alex returned his attention to the brass finishings, but the pirate 
he had noticed staring at him stood up and walked over.
	"Talking to other slaves, boy?" the pirate asked gruffly.
	Alex ignored the man and continued polishing.
	"Hey, boy, I'm talking to you.  Do as I say, or I'll tell the 
Captain you were talking to another slave."
	Cold fear gripped Alex's heart.  He had been told not to obey 
others, but if he did not, he would be in trouble for talking to another 
slave.  He wavered, and then realized that this pirate would probably 
tell the Captain anyway.  Pirates were not known as men of their 
word.  He decided to ignore the man.
	This turned out to be impossible as the man jerked him onto his 
feet by his collar.  Choking, Alex was helpless as the man stared into 
his face.
	"You ignore me?  You little shit, I'll teach you..." and the man 
threw him onto the deck.  He felt a boot land on the small of his back 
and then the belt came down hard on his buttocks again and again.  He 
was crying out and thrashing, but the man had him pinned.  Suddenly, 
though, the beating stopped abruptly.
	The pirate fell beside him on the deck.  With shock, Alex saw 
the knife driven deep into the man's neck.  He jumped to his feet and 
tried to run away, but was stopped short by the collar which was still 
locked to the mast, and fell back onto the deck again.
	The Captain stood over him and helped him back to his hands 
and knees, and then stood tall.  In a loud voice he announced, "Noone 
touches my slave without permission!  Ever!  Get this piece of filth off 
my deck and clean this mess up!"
	Two men grabbed their slain comrade and threw the body over 
the side of the ship as several slaves appeared to clean up the blood on 
the deck.  Alex was released and pulled away from the scene by the 
Captain.  He was taken back to the upper deck and placed to the side 
of the Captain's chair once more.  He realized he was shaking from 
shock.
	"Don't worry, Alex, they won't touch you now."
	Alex continued to shake, in shock over what might have 
happened if the Captain had not been there to stop the pirate.  He was 
also very much afraid of what this pirate was capable of.
	"Lie down and sleep.  Don't worry, I'm here."
	And despite his fear and hatred of the Captain, Alex DID feel 
more secure, and hated the Captain even more for it.  But he obeyed, 
and fell asleep in the sun.
