                           The Pissing Machine
                           ===================


The scenes depicted in this story involve male/male bondage - anyone 
likely to be disturbed by such things should not read further.

It is a fantasy only, and some scenes involve unsafe practices - "Don't 
try this at home, kids"!

It's my first story posting of this kind, so I'd appreciate any feedback 
on what you enjoyed or didn't, and any (constructive) criticism of 
style - address in the sig.



My Master had told me that we would be going to a party, where there 
would be lots of people I would know, but that I probably wouldn't enjoy 
it - this intrigued me.  And when I asked him what sort of party, where 
it was, and what I should wear, he told me that he would look after all 
these details, and that I didn't need to worry about them - this 
intrigued me even more.

So the appointed time came, and I went over to my Master's house, quite 
nervous about the mystery of what was to come.  I buzzed the intercom on 
the door to his block of flats, but instead of a greeting, I received a 
command.

"Go over to the garage.  Go in and close the door.  Remove everything 
you're wearing and put on what you find there."

I knew that for the rest of the night I was to be slave to my Master.  I 
replied an obedient, "Yes, Sir", then went to the garage, which was in 
another building from the flats.

I opened the door and turned on the light.  At first I could see no 
obvious clothes I should put on, but I took mine off anyway.  The 
coldness of the air in the garage didn't stop my cock from springing 
hard out of my jeans as I took them off.

Now naked, I looked around for my party clothes, but could see none.  
Then I realised my Master had said nothing about clothes, just "Put on 
what you find", and I had been subconsciously ignoring some 'equipment' 
left on a chair.  I finally admitted to myself that this was what he had 
meant, and set about complying with orders.

First I put on the head harness.  It was a set of leather straps which 
held a wide tube in my mouth, and fastened over my head and around my 
neck with a buckle, for which my Master had supplied an open padlock.  I 
tightened the straps so they were comfortable without being loose, then 
clicked the lock in place, having no idea when it might next be opened.

The harness had poppers where a blindfold could be attached, which I did 
before groping for the last item, which was a pair of handcuffs.  I 
considered for a moment cuffing my hands in front of me, but then 
remembered the severe punishment I had received when I had once done 
that before.  I complied with the spirit of my Master's wishes, and 
cuffed my hands behind me.

Nothing left to do but sit and wait.

I considered what might be about to happen.  My Master had used this 
head harness on me once before when he had wanted to put his cock down 
my throat - I didn't like the feeling very much, but I loved my complete 
inability to prevent him from doing it, since my mouth was forced open 
by a tube large enough to take his cock through it.

But I knew that tonight we were going to a party - did this mean that a 
group of men were all going to put their cocks down my throat!  That 
thought terrified me, but it made my cock ache with hardness, bursting 
to be satisfied.  I tried to relieve my frustration, but the specially 
restrictive hinged handcuffs made it impossible.

After some time - I've no idea how long - someone came into the garage.  
Without a word, they jangled some keys, then had me stand and climb into 
the boot of the car.  The hood banged down, and we drove away.

Once before my Master had put me into the boot of the car - that time I 
had spent the night tied between two trees in a wood.  Both that time 
and this I tried to work out where we were going by sensing turns in the 
road, but after a short time it got impossible to say where we might be 
- I was too busy trying to avoid banging my head or knees when the car 
went around a sharp bend, which it did too often.

After what must have been at least a quarter of an hour, we stopped, 
then a garage door opened, we drove a little further, and it closed 
again.

The boot opened, and I was pulled onto my feet.  A hand took a firm hold 
of my balls, and used them to tug me into a house.  I heard my Master 
exchanging greetings with someone whom I didn't recognise, but I 
couldn't make out what they were saying.

Then I was pulled on some more, turned around, and pushed against a 
pillar - narrow, but very firm, presumably holding the ceiling up.  My 
handcuffs were adjusted so that I was chained around the pillar, facing 
outwards, and there I was left in silence.

I tried to make up a mental picture of the house, based on the layout, 
the carpets, the pillar, and a few other things, but it was nowhere I 
recognised.

Soon my Master and his friend returned, and I had the feeling things 
were going to start to happen.  Someone took a hold of my now drooping 
cock, and rubbed the head while playing with my balls.  As it always 
does, this instantly got me hard.  As soon as I was up, I felt something 
cold being unrolled over my cock - tighter than a condom, and it went 
over my balls too, ending in a tight ring which would act as a cock 
ring, maintaining my erection.

While that was being done, I felt cling film being wrapped around me, 
sealing me to the pillar.  First it bound my feet, the worked up my 
body, avoiding my cock and stopping at my neck.  Then there was lots of 
rustling noises followed by laughter.

For the first time in over and hour, my blindfold was removed and I was 
allowed to see where I was.  The room was unremarkable except for a full 
length mirror which had been put in front of me so I could see what had 
been done to me.

I was covered in brown paper!  In fact, you couldn't tell I was a person 
at all, except for my head in its harness.  Around my cock I could see a 
rubber sheath, with a tube in the end going down to a child's paddling 
pool at my feet.  But most alarming was that a sign was stuck to my 
chest, and though it was backwards in the mirror, I managed to read it.  
It said:

     The Magic Pissing Machine

     Pour a drink into the tube at the top, and within a short time, 
     piss will come from the tube at the bottom.

This was horrifying!  He expected me to spend all night standing here, 
pissing myself for the fun of others!  I had done degrading things for 
my Master before, but this was too much!

I cried out as much as I could with the tube in my mouth, but a few 
seconds after I started I felt my mouth flood with beer.  I hastily 
swallowed it as I saw the blindfold being replaced.  Before I had a 
chance to speak again I heard my Master's voice, saying, "Do not piss 
until you are told to.  If you piss when you have not been told, you 
will remain here for another 24 hours."

That was it - my Master's commanding tone, telling me what to do.  In 
that instant all my fears for myself and my self-esteem were washed 
away, because now I was the slave of my Master, and if he wanted me to 
spend the evening as a Pissing Machine, then I would enjoy doing it.  
Then I felt guilty for ever doubting him, and resolved to make him proud 
of me tonight, to obey his exact command even if I burst doing it.

I stood and waited.  After a while, I heard someone arriving at the 
party.  He chatted with someone else, and one of them mentioned the 
'Pissing Machine', but neither of them did anything to me.  Then another 
couple turned up, and some more, until soon there were enough for a 
party to get going - about twenty voices, a few female but mostly men.

It was what seemed like an hour later before anyone paid attention to 
me.  I was proud to stand where I had been put for my Master, and did 
not begrudge the duty, but it was getting boring.  When suddenly someone 
poured a liquid down my mouth tube.  It caught me by surprise, but I 
managed to control myself and swallow it before I choked.  Then came 
another splash, and a few more.  It was lager I was being fed, and if I 
had to keep drinking it at this rate, I would soon be pissed, literally 
as well as figuratively.

There was a bit of commotion - I think my Master telling someone off - 
and I noticed that afterwards I always felt a tap on my mouth tube 
before being given a mouthful of drink.  It varied between beer, wine, 
and some other foul tasting alcoholic drink.  But it kept coming, and my 
bladder kept filling.

Soon I felt I needed to piss.  Since I was sealed tightly to the pillar, 
I wasn't able to make the usual movements which temporarily alleviated 
the feeling.  But my Master must have seen me trying, because I heard 
his voice clearly in my ear: "Don't forget, don't piss until you are 
told to do so."

Then I heard someone cry out, "Come on, let me feel that hot juice over 
me!"

My Master replied, "No, the machine's not ready yet.  Wait ten minutes."

Ten minutes!  I could hardly hold it in for ten seconds!  It would take 
a supreme effort of will power, but I was determined to stay obedient to 
my Master.

Several times I felt I could hold it in no more, and nearly let flow, 
particularly when I was given another large mouthful of lager to 
swallow, but somehow I kept it all in.

Then at last I heard the previous person shouting out again, "Come on, 
give it to me!"

It was followed by the tiniest whisper in my ear: "Go."

And I did.  I opened the flood gates, and let out the entire load of my 
bladder, not caring what was happening to it.  I could hear yells and 
whoops from the man who spoke earlier, and cheers from the audience.

The piss flowed for an age, but finally stopped, to the disappointment 
of the audience.  Then they all decided they wanted a go - my mouth 
again became inundated with drinks of all sorts.

It wasn't long before I needed to piss again.  I heard someone lining up 
three men, then I was given the order to piss while I felt the tube in 
my cock being shaken - presumably the men were being hosed down.

Next I heard someone putting a chair in front of me, and it felt like 
they were climbing up onto it.  Then my mouth tube was pulled sharply 
down as it was filled with a vile, salty tasting liquid - I wasn't able 
to swallow it all, as most ran down out of the tube (thankfully so, if 
my guess was right about what it was).

I heard my Master speaking loudly: "I see you didn't drink all that last 
one.  Well, you'd better drink all of the next one, or you'll be in real 
trouble."

He pushed my mouth tube up so it was pointing upwards, and I felt 
something plastic being pushed along it and onto my tongue.  Then he 
said, "Okay, you can piss now."

Of course I knew what was going to happen, but I had no choice.  I let 
my bladder go, and a second later my mouth filled up with my own piss.  
Except this time the mouth tube was pointing up so it could not run away 
- I had no choice but to drink every last drop, and there was a lot of 
it.

I heard my Master say to the audience, "Now we're going to play a new 
game, called...", and with a sharp tug he pulled the rubber sheath of my 
cock and shouted, "The Cumming Machine!"

The crowd cheered as I let out a yelp of shock - what was he, or were 
they, going to do to me!  I couldn't hear them discussing the game, but 
soon I could tell they had decided the rules and were organising 
themselves into some order.

Without any warning, I suddenly felt something over my cock, rubbing - 
it was a mouth moving back and forth along my shaft.  My cock was 
starting to harden with the sensation, when the mouth left.

But within a second, another different one had taken its place.  This 
one's lips stayed around my head, flipping my foreskin back and forth, 
increasing my hardness more.

But it only about ten seconds, it too was replaced by another.  This one 
used mostly its tongue to tickle my piss hole and head.

The next one really got me going, with long strokes from the head of my 
cock right along the length of my shaft.

And so it went on.  A few of them must have been women, though I 
couldn't tell who.  Some of the players were not very good at what they 
were trying to do, but others were making me really horny so I wanted to 
shoot my load right into them.  But I knew much better than to cum 
without being told to, so I tried to hold back against all the 
stimulation.

At last, and while the sucking and licking was still going on, my Master 
whispered in my ear, "You can cum, but only while being sucked by the 
best of them."

I knew who was best - there was one mouth which stroked my shaft and 
head with just the right tension, while the tongue did something amazing 
- I don't know what, it was indescribable.  That person had just had a 
go, so I had to hold on until they came around again.

A few minutes of sheer hell later, having to hold back the tidal wave of 
my orgasm, and I felt that magic tongue go to work on me.  I let rip, 
pulsing all I had down their throat.  They kept on sucking and stroking 
and tonguing as I thrust my pelvis into their face and cried out with 
the waves of pleasure I was getting.

All too soon it was over, and I collapsed, exhausted, inside my cling 
film cocoon, to the sound of cheering from the onlookers.  I felt the 
cling film and paper being cut down the back of the pillar and the 
handcuffs removed, and then I was wrapped up in the remaining cling film 
and put on the back seat of the car.  I fell asleep on the way home.

In all it was an incredible night - I don't think there's been any other 
time I've been so publicly abused by my Master and so many other people, 
and I loved it.  My Master has promised to put me through many other 
ordeals like that in the future, though he still refuses to tell me who 
sucked me off so well at the end.
