     At the time this event happened, Lisa and I had been 
active in Golden Showers for about three years, but never
had the opportunity of sharing this fun sport with anyone 
else. But that changed one summer when Lisa arrived at a 
major West Coast airport after a 5 week visit in Germany.
     After setting up a meeting with a couple in that area, 
I drove the 300 miles to the airport.  Lisa was unaware that 
I had made contact with Doug and Margie, who had answered 
our ad for others into golden showers, but I knew that she 
would be pleased.
     Upon locating Lisa after her arrival, we immediately
placed her luggage in the canopy on the back of my
pick-up.  I was extremely horny after 5 weeks of celibacy,
so when I found her lovely ass practically sticking into
my face as she positioned  her overnight case in the
truck, I could not help but raise her skirt to expose the
naked body beneath.  I turned her over onto her back and
started eating her delicious red haired pussy right there
in the parking lot of the airport.  It tasted just as
delicious as I remembered, and I soon had my mouth filled
as her cum juice oozed from her pussy.  "Oh, God, eat my
cunt" she ordered as my tongue flicked over her clit and
then dove deep into her snatch.
     Temporarily satisfied, we went to the bar where I had
arranged to meet Doug and Margie.  We arrived first  and
were able to observe them as they came in.  They were a
very good looking couple, in our same age range.  Margie
was a tall slender blond with sparkling eyes and a winning
smile.  Her clothing was expensive and accentuated the
twin mounds of her high set breasts which moved,
unencumbered by a bra, beneath her blouse.  She was
lovely, and I found myself wondering if I was really going
to be allowed to piss on such a beautiful woman, and could
she possibly enjoy it as much as I.  Doug was also dressed
very well.  A trim, athletic man with a very confident
manner, and a smile that made us feel comfortable and at
ease from the onset.  After a couple drinks and some
conversation to get us acquainted, we followed them to
their tri-level home on a private lake.
     We retired to the family room, mixed some drinks, put
some golden shower videos on the VCR and cuddled up on the
sofa - Doug with Lisa, and me with Margie.  Doug had some 
Lasix, a diuretic, and we each had one to help us  
manufacture the liquid that we all desired.  Lisa 'broke 
the ice' by saying, "I have to pee.  If someone wants it, 
let me know now or I'll waste it".   Doug and I 
immediately laid on the floor, feet opposing, so that Lisa 
could straddle both our faces at the same time.  She let 
forth with a heavy stream as Doug and I opened our mouths 
to catch what we could.  While this was going on, Margie 
was standing on the hearth of the fireplace taking photos 
with their 35mm camera and at the same time pissing down 
her legs.
    The Lasix, they explained, removed all color and odor 
from the urine, therefore we should not worry about 
stained carpeting as the piss would have the same effect 
as clear water and could do no damage.  We could pee 
anywhere we wanted to.  I placed Margie on the sofa and 
kneeled between her tanned legs and brought my face to her 
hairless pussy.  I spread the pussy lips with my fingers 
and proceeded to lick and suck on the lovely pink folds 
inside.  While I was doing this, Doug and Lisa were on the 
floor and he had his face buried in her snatch and she was 
filling his mouth with more of her hot piss.  I could see 
his hard cock throbbing in excitement as he drank from her 
spurting pussy.  Margie asked if I wanted another drink, 
and then proceeded to make one for me by holding a glass 
between her legs and filling it with her clear piss.  
Holding it out to me she said, "Here, try this special 
one".  When I hesitated, she raised the glass to her lips 
and drank down her own piss.  My God, I couldn't believe
it!  I had seen this done once in a porno movie, and had 
read of it in porno books.......but never in my wildest 
imagination had I ever thought that it would happen in 
real life, especially involving me!  I took the glass from 
her hand and happily swallowed the few remaining drops 
before bending her over the pool table and sliding my hard 
cock into her wet pussy from the rear.  "Ooohh", she 
moaned, "That feels sooo good."  With my prick thrusting 
deeply into her cunt, I could feel the need to release my 
bladder.  "I'm going to piss inside your pussy", I 
whispered into her ear.  "Oh, yes, fill me up" was her 
heated response.  I let it flow.  It flooded into her 
cavity, and when it could hold no more, it gushed from 
between her lips and cascaded over my balls, down my legs 
to form a puddle on the floor.  It felt fantastic!  Then, 
I suddenly felt more hot piss running over my cock and 
then down my legs.  She also had released her bladder and 
pissed all over me.
     I had gotten so deeply engrossed in my own activities
that I forgot about Lisa and Doug.  When I looked up I saw
them on the far end of the couch with Lisa laying on her
back, her legs over the back of the couch and her head
hanging from the seat.  Doug was standing over her,
releasing a hard stream that was splashing off her neck
and chin as he attempted to hit her open mouth.  Lisa was 
fingering her pussy with one hand, her legs flying in the 
air, her other hand was squeezing and pulling on one of 
her tits.  The low moan that was coming from her throat 
was soon changed to a gargle as Doug found the mark, 
filling her mouth with his fluid.  Doug had a look of 
complete pleasure on his face and I knew that whatever he 
and Lisa decided to do to each other would only enhance 
their pleasure.
     With this in mind, I returned my concentration to the
beautiful blond woman that was rubbing her ass cheeks 
against my now flaccid penis.  I could see her puckered 
asshole between her lovely cheeks.  It looked so inviting, 
I could not resist. Kneeling behind her, I spread her 
cheeks with my hands and attacked  her asshole  with my
tongue, licking and sucking as if it were a delicious 
desert.  I love having a woman in this position.  It gives 
me complete access to both her pussy and asshole, and in 
this case it was even more stimulating because Margie's 
cunt lips were still glistening with drops of her recently 
expelled urine.  My tongue traced down to the lips and 
gently licked off the remaining drops.  My nose was 
pressed tightly against her anus and I could feel her 
asshole moving as if trying to get a grip on it.  I licked 
back up to her puckered brown hole and attempted to 
penetrate her with the tip of my pointed tongue.  She 
thrust her hips back into my face, saying, "I'm so 
sensitive there....Please don't stop", and I didn't 
either. 
     I licked feverishly on her butt hole, knowing
that within a few moments I would be reaming her asshole
with my hard cock instead of my tongue.  In order to
prepare her and loosen her up, I slowly inserted my index
finger into her ass while I continued to lick around the
edge. After it was in past the second knuckle, I started
inserting the middle finger also.  It slipped in with
ease, as she thrust her pelvis hard against my probing
fingers.  I proceeded to add a third, my ring finger, and
watched in awe as her rectum expanded to receive them all.
I knew that she was ready now; she was moaning and cooing
with pleasure.  In my mind, I was ready too, but
unfortunately when I reached for my cock, I found that it
was not.  Now  this  is not the first time that this has
happened to me, but it is unusual, and of course
disappointing.  I didn't know if it was due to the long 
drive, over excitement, the Lasix, or any other cause; but 
whatever it was, it certainly came at an inopportune time.  
I explained the situation to Margie and she suggested we  
retire to a bedroom to relax.
     We laid on the carpeted floor of the downstairs  
bedroom and just cuddled; Margie's hand rubbing my soft 
cock.  After applying a creme lubricant, she began 
stroking it while sucking on the head.  Her lips and hand 
felt marvelous but did not produce the desired results.  
It looked like I was finished for the night.  Margie laid 
on her back and smiled wickedly at me as she said, "I want 
you to pee on me.....All over my body".  Anxious to 
comply, I kneeled straddling her thighs, my cock in hand.  
I peeled back the foreskin and aimed at her breasts.  
Slowly I felt the pressure from my bladder building and 
the fluid beginning to travel through my penis. It spurted  
forth with  more velocity  than I had anticipated, and 
certainly more than Margie had expected.  It squirted up 
to her face, just missing her eyes, but she quickly turned  
her head while opening her mouth to catch what she could.  
The stream slowly eased off and my pee retreated down her 
body covering her as she had desired.  It was this time I 
heard Lisa at the door saying, "I'm very tired.  I think 
we should go to bed".   She was right, of course, she was 
suffering from jet lag and needed to get some sleep.
     The next morning, after a delicious breakfast of  
fresh fruits, juices, bacon and eggs, served to us naked 
in their hot tub, Lisa and I had to say good-bye.  We made 
a promise to get together in the near future.  And we did, 
too, but that's a whole new story...

