        I am entering the driveway of the Airport Hilton in Pittsburgh 
for the second time of my life, and this time, I hope to have a more 
exiting and adventurous time than the last.  It is about 1:00 PM by the 
time I make it to the lobby and look for the courtesy phone in one of 
the alcoves.  I ask the telephone operator to connect me with your 
room, and my heart starts to beat wildly until I finally hear your 
voice answer.  We chat for a moment and decide to meet in the hotel's 
lounge, where we can talk in a neutral environment and decide if we 
really want to follow up on the plans we have tentatively made. 
        I sit at a table near the bar, and order a Sam Adams, hoping 
the cold beer will help to calm me.  I am the only person in the 
lounge, so I know you won't have a hard time figuring out who I am.  
After a few minutes, I see a redhead walking from the elevators and 
once again, my heart goes wild.  You are looking right at me, and as 
our eyes meet for the first time, a smile forms on your sweet face.  I 
get up to greet you and, for a confused moment, can't decide if I 
should welcome you with a formal handshake or with a light near-kiss on 
the cheek, in the Cuban manner.  The question is settled when you put 
out your hand and I grasp it in my own.  I hesitate for a moment, and 
continue to hold it as you sit down in the chair opposite mine.  
        We look at each other for a few seconds, and it is obvious that 
neither of us knows what to say.  I finally ask you about your drive 
and you start to tell me about the terrible construction delays on the 
interstate.  We chat idly for a while, feeling each other out and you 
order a Coke when the waitress interrupts.  I gradually loosen up, 
starting to feel more at ease and becoming less conscience over the 
uniqueness of the situation.  We decide to order lunch, and we continue 
to explore each other as the food is served and we begin to eat.  By 
the end of the meal, we are talking naturally and comfortably.  Perhaps 
it is my Latin upbringing, but I feel more at ease with a person once I  
have shared a meal with them.  
        We talk about what we would like to do with the rest of the 
day.  My body is tired from the long drive, and I tell you that I would 
love to relax in the pool and jacuzzi before we head out for downtown 
Pittsburgh.  I go to the car and fetch my overnight bag.  In the room, 
we change into our suits and I smile when I see your beautiful body for 
the first time in a rather skimpy bathing suit.  I can feel your eyes 
on me as I walk from the bathroom in my shorts and tank-top, and the 
look in your face tells me that you like what you see.  You draw a knee 
length t-shirt over your body and we walk down to the pool area.  I 
immediately dive into the water, swim about twenty laps to work the 
kinks out of my muscles and join you at the deep end of the pool.  We 
float around, treading water and talking about what we would like to do 
later in the city.  After about half an hour, we have had enough of the 
pool and decide to send some time in the jacuzzi before leaving the 
hotel.  I get out first and step down into the tub.  I watch you 
admiringly, taking in every curve of your delicious body and getting 
turned on by the sight of your hard nipples poking through the thin 
material of your bikini top.  
        You complain about a stiff neck and I offer to rub it out with 
a gentle massage as you sit on the ledge between my legs, with your 
back resting against my chest.  The warm water and your hot body 
against mine combine to excite my dick into an erection.  I push you 
forward a little and begin the massage,  working up from your lower 
back to your shoulders.  The gentle rubbing and flowing waters are 
slowly relaxing you and I can feel your muscles losing their hard edge 
as I continue the massage.  By now, my dick is rock hard and pushing 
painfully against the confines of my shorts.  You feel my erection 
pressing against the top of your butt and teasingly push back against 
it.  I think it is time to leave before we get carried away and as you 
turn around and stand up, you playfully let your hand rub along the 
side of my thigh, lightly brushing against my manhood.  "I think you'll 
be needing a massage soon..." you whisper mischievously. 
        We go back to the room, change into street clothes and leave 
the hotel for our visit to the city.  We first go to Station Square and 
walk along the shops and restaurants, occasionally entering a few of 
them.  We talk for a long time about the music we like and start 
talking about our favorite books after stopping at a bookstore.  By 
this time, we are both completely relaxed in each others presence and 
are walking down the cobble-stoned streets holding hands and laughing 
as if we have known each other for a long time.  We take a ride to the 
top of the Mount Washington incline, where we admire the view and I 
admire your figure.  I have noticed that men watch you as you walk by, 
and I feel lucky and happy to be with you.  It has been a while since I 
have been with such a lively and sexy woman and thinking about what 
might happen later in the evening brings a sly grin to my face.  You 
catch the look in my eyes and seem to understand what I am thinking. 
        It is now about 5:30 in the evening and we walk back to the car 
so that we can cross the river and explore the downtown area.  On the 
drive over, you let your hand rest on mine every time I shift gears.  
It is hard to snuggle up close in bucket seats and I wish I was driving 
my Dad's old Plymouth, with the long front seat.  I park the car on a 
side street and we spend a few more hours walking around the City.  By 
this time, the sun has been shadowed by the tall skyscrapers and the 
cool night air is slowly sending a chill into our bodies.  We walk arm 
in arm, our hips pressed together as we walk in rhythm down the city 
streets back to the car.  
        Next, I drive to a progressive club that I discovered on my 
first visit to Pittsburgh.  We sit at a small table near the rear and 
enjoy the pounding rhythms coming from the local band that is playing.  
We spend most of the time dancing and I am excited to see you fling 
your body around the dance floor in such a carefree way.  I look at you 
and watch the way the smoothe muscles of your arms and legs pump with 
the beat.  You are incredibly sexy and our close, slow dances leave me 
with another erection.  We hardly speak now, but the music and the 
motions of our bodies communicate far more effectively than mere words 
could.  
        There is a sexual tension between us now that almost feels like 
a solid, living force.  We both know it is time to leave and any doubts 
we have had about sharing our bodies have completely evaporated.  The 
drive back seems to last forever and we are both quiet, each one lost 
in their own private revelry, thinking with anticipation about what new 
joys the rest of the night will bring.  There is a brief moment of 
panic, when standing before the room door, you ask, "Do you have the 
key?"  I groan and mumble "No..."  You search in your small purse and 
we both sigh audibly when you find the plastic card-key in your wallet.
        We step into the room, close the door and hug each other close 
as our mouths meet and we exchange our first kiss.  We stay here for a 
few minutes, my hand rubbing up and down your back, through your 
luxurious red hair and occasionally resting on the top of your ass.  I 
can feel your arms sliding along my strong back and the passion between 
us seems more real than anything we have ever felt.  A picture of the 
two of us now would fit perfectly in a dictionary defining the word 
'horny'.  We reluctantly disengage and as you step into the bathroom, I 
open the bottle of wine that we had left chilling in the ice bucket 
before we left.  The ice has long since melted and the wine is at a 
perfect temperature.  You come out, take a sip of wine from the glass I 
have poured and sit down on the bed, with an inviting smile on your 
face. 
        Before I join you, I turn off all of the lamps except for a 
small one in the corner, plug in my tape player and slide in a tape of 
Mozart concertos for piano and violin.  The soft lights and clear music 
lend the room an atmosphere of incredible sensuality as I climb into 
bed with you.  We hold each other again, our hands exploring each 
others body.  My hands slide up under your shirt to fondle the warm 
breasts underneath.  I can feel that your nipples are already hard as I 
tweak them between my fingers.  I am kissing your ears, your neck and I 
slowly let my tongue slide down your chest till I reach your breasts.  
Once there, I gently nibble at the excited flesh of your nipples, 
swirling my tongue around the hard, little nubs.  You groan and clasp 
my head closer to your heaving chest, your fingers entwined in the 
brown strands of my soft hair.  I continue to gently suck on your 
breasts while my hands slowly slide their way down your stomach and 
eventually find themselves resting over your pussy.  I pet the trim 
hairs of your pussy, my fingers finding and rubbing the moistening 
folds of your sweet cunt.  Your clit is standing straight up and I 
teasingly rub it with my palm while my fingers continue their maddening 
dance on the furred lips of your pussy.
        We are both breathing heavily when you say, "I want to taste 
you..."  I pull off your shirt, bra, shorts and panties; you pull my 
shirt over my head and your hands slide down, take hold of my shorts 
and slowly pull them down my knees and over my ankles.  My erect dick 
is standing before you and you ease your way down the bed to my waist.  
You take my meat in your hands and slowly rub the hard shaft up and 
down, your tongue flicking out to lick at the head.  You get me even 
harder, take the head into your warm, wet mouth and start to suck while 
your hand continues to jack me off.  You take more of me into your 
mouth and soon my balls are resting against your chin, cupped by your 
hand.  Your mouth begins a smooth, steady pumping motion, letting my 
hard dick slide in and out of your sucking lips.  I look down at you 
and our eyes meet, your mouth continuing its exciting action.  
        My hand reaches for your ass and I grasp your waist, guiding 
you until your pussy is over my face and we settle into a hot 69 with 
you on top.  My tongue begins to slide over your wet pussy lips, taking 
the sweet juices into my mouth.  I reach up with my fingers to spread 
your lips and suck on your clit, pulling it gently into my mouth.  Your 
hips start to buck, pushing your cunt into my face, forcing me to take 
more of your cunt and I slip my tongue into your hot hole.  We are both 
quivering with lust and I can feel your body trembling with the 
sensations I have aroused in you.  I grab your ass cheeks with my 
hands, spreading them open and leaving your cunt for a while, my tongue 
traces a slippery path towards your tight ass.  I lick at the wrinkled 
flesh, savoring the taste of you and I feel your body tremble even more 
as I let my fingers slide into your cunt and rub your clit.
        After a while, I feel you start to come and slide my mouth back 
to your pussy to taste the juices flowing out of you.  I am on the 
verge also, but let you know and you stop.  We lay there for a few 
seconds, your cunt grinding over my face with the force of your orgasm 
and my hard dick feeling the chill of the air after leaving the warm, 
wet confines of your loving mouth.  You lift your leg over the side of 
my head and turn around, with your head facing mine.  Your pelvis is 
resting over my waist and you can feel my cock pressing against your 
ass.  You reach back behind you and take my cock, guiding it into your 
hot cunt.  I am soon pumping my dick in and out slowly while my hands 
fondle your tits, pinching your nipples.  You rise up, your hands on my 
chest and your head tilted back in pleasure as we continue our rocking 
motion.  Another ten minutes go by, my cock sliding into your clasping 
cunt and my mouth licking at the breasts so tantalizingly hanging 
before me, my hands firmly holding them close to my face.
        We gradually and naturally slow down and I pull out while we 
place ourselves in a new position.  I am about to come again and use 
the break to settle down, since I want to prolong this pleasure as long 
as possible.  I rise to my knees and you settle into position on the 
mattress, hands and knees on the bed doggy style.  I take hold of your 
ass cheeks, guide my dick back into your empty pussy and start to pump 
hard and deep, keeping my firm grip on your round ass.  My thighs slap 
up against your legs and you drop from your elbows to the bed, your 
head now pressed into the pillows and supporting the upper half of your 
trembling, sweaty body.  You slide you hands underneath your stomach 
and play with your clit while I continue to fuck you hard and fast.  I 
begin to lightly slap your ass with my hand, and twisting your head 
back to look at me, I poke one of my fingers into your asshole.  I fuck 
you deep with both my cock and finger and your start to come wildly 
again.  I am close also, and take my finger out of your ass, reclasp 
your hips and hold you tight as I increase the speed and force of my 
fucking.  I am soon coming, sending long streams of hot come into your 
feverishly clasping pussy.  My orgasm lasts longer than usual, and 
finally, once spent, I pull out and rub my wet, hard dick along the 
cheeks of your ass.  We collapse together, completely sated.
        We hold each other close for a few minutes, our tongues 
entwined in each other mouths.  We pull slightly apart and I reach for 
our glasses of wine as the music comes to a close.  We lay there 
sipping at our wine, resting comfortably in each others warmth and 
looking at our flushed faces.  I eventually climb out of bed and walk 
over to my luggage and pull out some special gear I had brought from 
home.  You smile as you see me pull out some rope and as I settle down 
back into bed, you finger the cords and say, "I'll be ready for the 
next step soon...how about you?"  I say nothing, but smile knowingly 
and finish my wine.

        To be continued...


