Archive-name: 3plus/pizzaguy.txt
Archive-author: RICHH
Archive-title: Fun with the Pizza Guy


	So, That One Girl was down for another visit.
	"Rich, you used to deliver pizzas, right, when you were in 
school?"
	"Yup.  In my '72 Duster, complete.  Best $200 I ever spent--on 
that car."
	"What was your biggest fantasy, when you were delivering?  Were 
you ever greeted at the door by any gorgeous naked girls?"
	"Um, no, but that was the fantasy, pretty much.  Why?"
	" Well, this might sound silly..."
	
	So a half hour later everything was ready.  She was wearing just 
4" heels, red lace panties, and the leather neck-to-wrists restraint, 
which held her wrists firmly in the small of her back, and also made her 
stand very straight.
	The phone rang.  The guy was at the door to the apartment 
building.  The plan was for me to greet him at the door and prescreen.  
If he looked suitable, I would lead him back to the apartment.
	We'd ordered a couple of subs, since we knew pizza would get cold 
before we would get a chance to eat it.  The guy at the door was perfect:  
nerdy but not bad-looking, decent skin for a pizza guy.  He had short 
brown hair and deep brown eyes.  It was still early enough in the night 
that he didn't smell too grungy, either.  I led him back to the 
apartment.
	"Go ahead, knock," I said.
	He knocked.
	The door opened and he saw one red-pantied cheek walking away as 
the door opened.  She turned around and faced us.  The guy just stood 
there, completely dumbstruck.
	"Go on," I said.  "Go on in.  It's okay.  You'll see."
	He tentatively walked in.
	"Well don't just stand there and look pretty, get the man his 
money."  I picked up a riding crop that we'd left on the couch. She got a 
twenty from off the table and walked over.
	"How much is it?" I asked.
	"N-nine, even," said the guy.
	She turned around and gave him the twenty.  She turned around.  I 
put the bag of food in the fridge as the guy pulled out eleven in change.
	"Well, where do you want him to put the change, Kell?"  Kell was 
what we decided her name would be, because we both hated a Kelly.
	"What's your name?" I asked the delivery guy, as I poked at a 
breast with the crop.  "Think she has nice tits?"
	"Um, Tom.  Yeah, they're great."
	"Well, guess what, Tom?"
	He just shrugged, his eyes glued to Kelly's tits.
	"Tell him what you are, slut."  I gave her ass a smack with the 
crop.  "Tell him."
	She did the shy-girl thing great.  Her voice was almost inaudible.  
"I-I'm your tip."
	I smacked her again.  She winced.  "I'm your tip."
	While I spoke, Kelly dropped to her knees and found the guy's 
zipper with her teeth.  "Y'hear that, Tom?  This is your lucky night.  
Don't ask too many questions and you'll go back with a story that just 
may make you famous."  I picked up a Polaroid.  "If anyone believes it."  
Took the picture of Kelly on her knees, her face buried in the crotch of 
his jeans.  I handed the picture to him.  He looked at it and put it into 
his back pocket.
	"So Tom, you like your tip?"  She'd finally gotten his cock out of 
his jeans and his hands went to her head as she started to bob.
	"Nnnnnngggggg."
	"Sounds like yes.  Good.  Because if you are at all, in any way, 
disappointed, please let me know."
	"I-I don't think there'll be a prob--"
	"Slow down, Kell," I said.  "There's no rush.  In fact, Tom, why 
don't you call back and let them know you're running a little behind."
	"I--I--  Okay." I handed him the phone and he sat down and made 
the call.  This whole time Kelly kept his cock in her mouth.  While he 
was on the phone, Kelly really went to town on him.  His cock was narrow 
but long and she turned her head sideways and kissed and sucked her way 
up and down the length of it.  She slid up onto the couch next to him and 
he rested a hand on her waist.
	"Touch her.  Go ahead.  She loves it.  Don't you, sweetheart?"  
She nodded and he cupped her breast, tentatively pinching and smoothing 
out the nipple.  She arched and groaned and he squeezed harder.
	"Mmmmmm," she said, and turned back onto her knees and resumed 
sucking.  He slid his hand into her panties.  Soon, he wad groaning and 
nodding his head.
	"She's good at that, ain't she?"
	"Holy fuckin shit, yeah," said Tom, ever-articulate.
	"Don't swallow it right away, Kell.  I'm sure Tom would like to 
see it on your tongue.  How's that sound, Tom?"
	"Mmmmm..."  When he came, Kelly sat up and opened her mouth for 
him.  Then, she swallowed.
	"Mmmm, tangy," she said, cracking a slight smile.
	"Um, Can I use your bathroom?"
	"Sure.  Right in there."  I pointed.  As soon as he disappeared, I 
unhooked Kelly from the restraint and we pulled the food and a two liter 
bottle of Coke out from the fridge.  Kelly slipped out of her panties and 
we pulled another chair around to the table.  I pulled her close and we 
kissed, stopping when the toilet flushed.
	"Hey Tom, you know, there was a reason we ordered *three* subs.  
Siddown.  You know you're hungry.  It's a big night for you.
	"Heh, if *that* ain't the understatement of the decade..."
	Kelly and I shot each other our "Whaddayouknow--an interesting 
speech pattern for a pizza guy" look and we all started to eat.
	"I bet you're wondering just what this whole thing's all about."
	"Well, I was, kinda, but you don't--"
	"No, it's okay.  Kelly'll be happy to tell you.  Won't you, slut?"
	"When I was a freshman, three years ago, I told my roommate--"
	"My girlfriend."
	"--this fantasy that I had.   I told her I really wanted to sleep 
with four guys at once."
	"See, even then, eighteen years old, total whore."
	"Well, my roommate hated me and she told--"
	"Me.  She told me this fantasy.  Well, I was in a fraternity up 
there and I set a little something up with four of my brothers--"
	"And he was there too, behind a two-way mirror, with a camera."
	"Didn't you ever wonder why that room was so well-lit?"
	"Well, he sent me copies of the pictures and told me if I ever 
didn't do anything he said, he'd send copies to my parents."
	"They're certain she's a virgin.  I suppose a picture of her with 
a cock in her cunt, one in her ass, one in her mouth, and one in her hand 
would dispel *that* ugly rumor."
	"Wow."
	"Yeah, I think you hear me knockin--but honestly, Kelly, I don't 
treat you *too* bad, do I?"
	"He's very big into seeing me in distress, exposing myself in 
public, making me wet my pants in the library, masturbate on the bus, 
that sort of thing--"
	"Glad you brought that up, Kel.  I bet Tom here would like to 
watch you play with yourself.  Wouldn't you, Tom?  Come on, don't feel 
sorry for her.  Look at her.  She loves it.  Ain't that right, Kel?  
You're glad I took those pictures.  You love it when I call.  Admit it, 
you get soaked every time the phone rings, knowing I could be in town..."
	"Well, he never really hurts me too bad--"
	"Kelly--"
	She lifted up her one leg and rested her foot on the seat of her 
chair.  She started teasing her nipples and strumming her finger across 
her clit.  Tom was becoming visibly aroused.
	"She's good at that, Tom.  Can make herself come...like that.  
Again and again.  I swear I don't know why she leaves the house."
	"Oh, oh, oh."  She came.
	"See?  Do it again."  She did.
	"Hey Kel, what did you tell me about Tom when he was in the 
bathroom?"
	Tom looked up, expectant.  Kelly looked at me and I mouthed the 
words 'nice cock' to her.
	"Well, what did you say?  Don't tell me, tell Tom."
	"You have a really nice cock, Tom."
	"You wanna stick it in her?"  Kelly moved around and stood with 
her legs apart, the heels of her hands on the table, her ass arched in 
the air.
	"Well, Bill," I said, sliding one finger into her ass, one into 
her cunt, "the choice is yours.  Ever fuck a girl in the ass before?  She 
loves it."
	Bill shook his head.  I moved a small bottle of lube to the table 
next to her, along with a Gold Circle Coin condom.  I liked them the 
best, because when I was younger I always would throw a couple in with my 
younger cousins' Hanukkah gelt.  My parents were unamused.
	Bill slipped on the condom and looked at the lube, then apparently 
changed his mind.  But when he turned and looked at Kelly's ass, he 
turned again and picked up the lube.  Finally, he put the lube down and 
entered the way he knew best.  After about ten minutes or so and a couple 
"This is fuckin awesome"'s, it was over, and we were saying good night to 
Tom.
	After he left, I said, "Well done, Kel.  Should we do Domino's 
next?"
	"Hey Rich, he's gone."  She laughed.  "I don't have to be nice 
anymore."
	"Yeah, well, you know something, cunt," I said, raising the crop, 
"neither do I."

RICHH

--
