                             * PIZZA BOY *

It was a cold, dark, drizzling night that night.  I was watching 'Family
Ties' when I heard a knock on the door.  I went and answered it, and
found that 'home delivery' really does work.  This really cute thing was
being delivered to my home.

He was quite soaked, and it was obvious that he had been out in the rain
for quite a while.  He had the typical pizza warmer with him - you know,
the ones that keep the 'Noids' out? My eyes shifted from the pizza
warmer back to him.  I asked him why he was so wet.  He told me that he
had been having trouble with his car and that he had been making his
deliveries on a motorcycle.

I urged him to come in the house and get warmed up and dried off.
Reluctantly, he agreed to.  I know that he was worried about having to
get back and deliver more pizzas.  I urged him to step out of his
clothes and I would put them in the drier.

He set my pizza on the counter. Slowly, he started to unbutton his
shirt. I reached over and started helping him get his shirt off.  Once I
did that, he quit trying and left it up to me.  His shirt came off quite
easily. I could see that his t-shirt was also soaked.  I told him that
he must have been out in the rain for quite a while, and he told me I
was right.  I have had to ride a bike in a rainstorm from time to time,
and I know the cold, wet, clammy feeling afterwards.  I reached around
his waist and grabbed the bottom of his T-shirt and pulled it up over
his head.  What was revealed to me was a beautifully formed torso with
well defined pecs.  There were only a few stray hairs around each
nipple, and a brief, sparse tuft of hair in the middle of his chest. A
small tuft of hair under each arm completed his bodily hair inventory on
his upper torso. Each nipple was standing firmly erect.

He stood there shivering and his teeth were chattering.  I went to the
linen closet and got a large, warm towel.  I wrapped this around him,
and then I pulled him to me and wrapped my large arms around his
dimimutive, cold body.  Instinctively, his arms went around me and I
could feel the cold from him gradually transfer to me, and I knew that
my body heat was invading his body.  His head was resting on my right
shoulder.  The chills and the shivering continued unabated.  I tried
rubbing his body through the towel, and made warm, tender noises in his
ear, but the shivering kept up.

I reached down and undid his belt buckle, and then I fumbled around and
got his pants unbuttoned, and the the zipper undone.  His pants were so
wet that they clung to his body, and I had to pull them down, instead of
letting them drop.  I pulled off his shoes and socks, and got his pants
pulled off his legs.

I put my arms around him again to warm him up some more.  I whispered in
his ear that he had gotten awful wet.  I heard him whisper "Will you
wash my pants for me, please?" "I can put them in the dryer for you and
they will dry off." Then, even quieter, I heard him say, "But, Daddy,
they need to be washed.  I couldn't hold my piss any longer and I wet my
pants."

I hugged him even tighter. I felt him press his groin against mine and I
could feel his hard cock press against my body. I whispered in his ear,
"Sure. I understand. I'll wash them for you." I reached down to get his
shorts off so that I could wash them for him, too.

His wet clothes were on the floor in a pile, and I stood back to take
another look at him.  Now all that he had on was towel around his
shoulders and a raging hard-on.  The look in his eyes could have invoked
sympathy from a rock.  He didn't look as if he was old enough to drive,
let alone to handle a motorcycle in a rain storm.

He was about 5'7" tall, which made my 6' hulk tower over him.  He
couldn't have weighed more than 130 pounds, soaking wet.  The rain had
made his already dark hair seem jet black. A very thin treasure trail
led from his navel to the small pubic hair patch.  I could see that
there wasn't a trace of hair on his balls or his cock.  It was just
around the base of his cock.  His cock was firmly pressed against his
body and reached his navel. A very long, slender cock for such a young
man. There was just a dusting of hair on his legs.

I decided that his laundry could wait.  I thought that it was more
important to get him warmed up again before he caught cold, or
pneumonia, or something like that.  While he stood there shivering, I
quickly got a shot of brandy and handed it to him to drink down.

I led him into the bathroom and turned on the water in the bathtub and
let it run. While it was getting hot, I quickly stripped my clothes off,
and then I urged him to get into the shower with me.  I pulled the
curtain, and got him directly under the shower head with all of that hot
water streaming over him.

I grabbed the soap and started trying to lather him up.  It sometimes
seemed like a losing battle with the water washing it off almost as soon
as I got it on.  I thoroughly washed every part of his body, starting
with his neck and ears and worked my way down. His body was firm and
smooth and felt good under my tender touch.  He kept staring at me all
of the time that I was washing him with a very innocent, boyish gaze.

By the time I got to lathering his pubic bush his cock was bright red
and ramrod stiff against his lower belly.  I carefully lathered it, and
then worked the lather down around his balls. By this time, I was
kneeling in the tub so that I could get a better approach.  The water
was still washing the soap off almost as fast as I put it on.
Instinctively, my tongue reached out and touched that tight ball sack.
I could feel the ripples in the bag that was holding his nuts up tight
against his body.  I could feel a quivergo through his whole body as my
tongue hit that sack.  His hands instinctively grabbed my head, and I
thought that he was going to push me away.  Instead, he held my head
closer, and I worked my tongue around that sack some more.  I found the
base of that cock with my tongue.  My hands reached around and grabbed
the cheeks of his round, firm, smooth ass.  Just as my tongue reached
that cockhead, I felt his whole body tighten, and felt that hot load
leaving his balls. I got my mouth over that cockhead just in time to
catch what seemed like a gallon of that hot, sweet cum.

He still held my head, and moaned, as his dick went limp.  He gradually
released me, and I finished washing his legs, feet and that neat ass.

We stepped out of the tub, and as I started to dry him off, he put his
arms around me and gave me another very tight hug.  His head was on my
shoulder again, and I could hear him whisper, "Thank you, Daddy."

I finally got him (and me) dried off.  I picked him up and carried him
to the bedroom and put him under the covers.  I turned the electric
blanket up a couple of notches to help warm him up some more.  I went
back out and got another shot of brandy and took it back in to him, to
warm him from the inside some more.  I sat on the edge of the bed and
said, "Why don't you take a nap while you are getting warm and your
clothes are washing?" "I can't.", he said. "I sleep and I wet the bed."
I told him that was no problem, and got out an adult size diaper and
told him that would take care of that.  I always keep a plastic sheet on
the bed for just such situations.  As I put it on him, his cock started
getting hard, again.  I carefully laid it up against his belly, and
covered it up with the diaper and taped it down.  I covered him up once
more, and I leaned down and kissed him.  As he returned my kiss, he
said, "You're a good Daddy!"

I lowered the lights and went out to the living room and picked up his
soggy clothes, emptied his pockets and put them in the washer, and
started it running.  I looked out the window and saw that it was still
raining.  I looked around and saw that my now cold pizza was still on
the counter.  I snooped a little and looked in the wallet of my home
delivery boy.  His name was Peter.  His drivers license said that he was
really 19, and that he could drive a motorcycle.  His body lied.  He
sure looked a lot younger than 19.  There wasn't much else in his
wallet.  A couple of dollars and a picture of what seemed to be his
mother and father, and then a picture of his father, alone.

I looked in the bedroom once again, and he was sound asleep.  I went
back to the living room and puttered around waiting for the washing
machine to finish.  When it did, I transferred his clothes to the dryer,
and then I went in the bedroom.

I gently got into bed beside him.  I just couldn't leave this idyllic
young man alone in my bed without sharing some of the rhapsody.  He
roused up a little, saw me, and then edged over toward me, and I felt
his arm move over my chest and pull a little.  As I snuggled up to him,
I felt his diaper come against my skin. Then I realized that he was
right.  He was already wet in just that half hour, or so.

I cuddled even tighter to him, and laid there for a while wondering
about him.

The next I knew I was being awakened and my cock was in his mouth.  He
had woke up and was working on my cock like it was an all day sucker,
and he intended to suck it all day.  Well, there was no way it was going
to last all day.  In fact, it didn't even last a minute before I
exploded.  He caught every drop of it, and swallowed it all.

Then he slid up beside me and his lips met mine, and I felt his tongue
enter my mouth.  As it explored my mouth, I felt his warm, wet diaper
agaist my crotch.  I also could feel the damp all day sucker, and he
intended to suck it all day.  Well, there was no way it was going to
last all day.  In fact, it didn't even last a minute before I exploded.
He caught every drop of it, and swallowed it all.

Then he slid up beside me and his lips met mine, and I felt his tongue
enter my mouth.  As it explored my mouth, I felt his warm, wet diaper
agaist my crotch.  I also could feel the damp bed where the diaper
hadn't caught it all.  I reached down and felt his raging cock through
the diaper.  As we kissed some more and I played with his cock some
more, I felt it getting harder and harder.  Suddenly he stopped probing
my mouth, and held me very tight, and as he was saying "Oh, Daddy,
Daddy", I could feel his cock exploding inside the diaper.

We laid there a few minutes more holding each other, and then he told me
that he needed to get back to work.  I took the diaper off from him and
we went back in the shower again to get him cleaned up.  His clothes
were dry by then, and the rain had stopped.

We gave each other a long lingering kiss as he went out the door with
his pizza warmer and got on his bike.

I think I'll order another pizza.

