Archive-name: 3plus/plato.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Plato's Retreat


   Before the  discovery of  AIDS I  used to  enjoy casual  sex at  PLATO'S
   RETREAT.  This little story is  about one memorable evening my  wife Sue
   and I spent  sucking and fucking  our selves into  near unconsciousness.
   Set the stage I will tell  you that Sue is a fantastic  looking brunette
   who is always horny.  Sue is about 5'7" with nice firm 36" C cup breasts
   a  firm  flat  belly,  nice  ass  and  long firm legs which she loves to
   spread.  Sue  has me  shave her  pussy so  that her  cunt lips are fully
   exposed and ready to be licked  and fucked.  Sue has a large  clit which
   gets hard  and peeks  out from  between her  cunt lips  whenever she  is
   aroused.  When she gets excited Sue loves both men and women as partners
   and will take on multiple partners  even during anal sex.  I am  6' tall
   165 pounds and  have a nice  fat 10" cock  that has never  failed me.  I
   love to see to ladies getting it on and like to get involved with  group
   scenes.

   We were in  the city to  see a play  and have dinner  and had decided to
   make a weekend  of it.  We  checked into the  Sheraton Russel hotel  and
   since our  dinner and  play arrangements  were for  the next  evening we
   decided  to  go  to  PLATO'S  and  enjoy ourselves.  After we arrived at
   PLATO'S we got our  locker and stripped for  action.  I always love  the
   preliminaries at PLATO'S standing  in amongst strangers and  watching as
   people take  off their  cloths loosing  there inhibitions  as they  shed
   their cloths.  That night was quite crowed and I could tell it was going
   to be  fun.  By  the time  we had  undressed we  had already struck up a
   conversation with  a stunning  blond and  her husband  who were  getting
   undressed next to us.   Sue helped Jill  the  blond take off her  garter
   belt and in the process began  to rub her firm ass cheeks.   Her husband
   Bill saw  Sue's advance  and began  to rub  his wife's  tits making Jill
   moan.  Sue seeing that her advances were welcome gently slid her  finger
   into Jill's pussy and began to work our new friends cunt in earnest.   I
   rubbed my now stiff cock into Sue's firm ass cheeks while I squeezed her
   firm tits and pulled  on her now erect  nipples.  Bill suggested we  all
   retire to somewhere we could lay down  and get it on which met with  all
   our approval.  Leaving the lockers I  took Jill's hand and Bill put  his
   arm around Sue as we walked naked thru the crowd near the door.

   For those of you who have  never been to PLATOS there is  no requirement
   to stripped down so  that there are a  few people who come  in and never
   get into the action  or mill around watching  the action until they  get
   comfortable with the open sex and nudity and begin to participate.  This
   upsets  some  people  but  it  really  adds  to  the  pleasure  of   the
   exhibitionists as  they can  prance around  in front  of the  straighter
   types.  All in all  I don't mind it  and I think it  gives the reluctant
   some time  to adjust  to the  surroundings and  get worked  up enough to
   participate.  Well we  went straight to  the mat room  which is a  large
   room with mirrors on the walls and ceiling and the floor is covered with
   mats making the  maximum room available  for horizontal activities.   We
   proceeded to the  middle of the  room where a  group of about  8 couples
   were engaged in some hot group action.  Jill and Sue wanted to be  eaten
   so Bill and I went down on our wives as the played with each others tits
   and watched the action.  I signaled to Bill and we switched partners and
   I watched as Bill sucked and licked Sue's now erect clit while he probed
   her slick pussy  with his fingers.   I spread Jill's  legs and began  to
   tongue fuck her  sweet cunt as  she and Sue  continued to kiss  and play
   with each others  tits.  I moved  to Jill's clit  and began to  lick and
   suck her erect bud as I  rammed two fingers deep into her  sopping slit.
   This brought a deep moan from  her lips and she arched her  back forcing
   her hot slit into my mouth.  I heard Sue begin to climax as Jill's pussy
   began to spasm and clamp down on my fingers Jill came and came thrusting
   her hips  up with  each spasm  as she  ground her  pussy into  my mouth.
   Sensing her need I pushed a finger into her tight anus making her climax
   even more intense and causing her to cry out.  As Jills climax  subsided
   I looked over to see Bill  gently licking my wife Sue's wet  slit making
   her legs tremble  each time he  flicked his tongue  over her now  nearly
   inch long  erect clit.   I patterned  my licking  to his  and soon  both
   ladies were twitching in post climax tension.

   Jill told me to mount her and fuck her cunt so I lifted her legs up  and
   slowly  forced  my  stiff  throbbing  meat  into her slick tight vagina.
   Jill's pussy was tight and still pulsing from her climax as I probed her
   depths feeling those pulsing walls massaging my cock.  Sue got up  doggy
   style and had Bill ram his cock into her pussy from behind as she kissed
   Jill fondling Jill's tits.  Jill now moaning from the deep probing  fuck
   I was giving her  reached up and grabbed  Sue's tits massaging her  firm
   globes and pulling on her erect nipples.  We fucked like this for a  few
   minutes when I felt a warm wet tongue probing my ass then a hand  gently
   squeezing my balls.  Looking back I saw a big titted red head had joined
   our fun and the guy who was with her was up behind her ramming his  cock
   into her pussy. I went right on stoking into Jill's hot twat and watched
   as a slim girl positioned herself with her cunt just to the right of  my
   wife's head and grabbed Sue's head moving her to her cunt.  Sue said  hi
   and introduced herself and the new girl said her name was Nancy and  she
   and her husband Dave who was now coming around to join her would like to
   add to the fun.  Sue said sure  and bent her head down and began  to eat
   Nancy's cunt.  I could  tell that Nancy had  just been fucked because  I
   could see  the cream  running out  of her  pink pussy  lips.  Sue  began
   licking in earnest and  Nancy began to moan and thrust her cunt  into my
   wife's face.  Dave came over to  Jill and rubbed his stiff cock  against
   her cheek, Jill turned her head  and took his shaft deep into  her mouth
   sucking it deeply into her throat as I pounded her cunt with new  vigor.
   I heard Sue start to cum and looked up to see Bill ramming his cock into
   my wife's cunt burying it deep into her slippery slit with each pounding
   stroke.  All to soon Bill climaxed filling her slit with his cream until
   it began to drip out and run  down her legs.  I began to cum  and filled
   Jill with my spunk  as she began her  climax and Dave began  to feed her
   his load.  Dave pulled out and  Jill grabbed his cock milking his  sperm
   into her open mouth until he  was completely drained.  I pulled out  and
   turned around  and fed  my cock  to the  red head  who sucked my ass and
   balls until her husband filled her  cunt from behind and I let  loose in
   her mouth.  Once she  had swallowed my load  John introduce her as  Beth
   and I introduced her and John to Bill, Sue, Nancy and Dave.

   Being a bit fucked out for the moment we all decided to get something to
   drink and see what else was happening.  We left the mat room and  walked
   past a foursome on  what I can only  describe as a fucking  horse it was
   constructed  so  as  to  completely  expose  its  riders  genitals while
   providing support to keep  the rider off the  ground.  The rider a  full
   breasted blond  was positioned  on her  stomach with  her legs spread as
   this well  hung guy  reamed her  asshole with  his cock  while the other
   woman was eating her spread pussy and finger fucking her cunt while  the
   second guy was filling her mouth with his big cock.  While we watched  I
   held Beth  in front  of me  and massaged  her tits  while I fingered her
   tight anus.  Beth  reached behind her  and pulled on  my hard cock  as I
   probed  her  butt  and  pulled  on  her  nipples.   Sue was in a similar
   position as John had her in front  of him and had his right hand  on her
   cunt with two fingers working in and out of her steaming snatch.  Seeing
   how much fun we were having Jill got in front of Dave and pulled her ass
   cheeks apart allowing him to finger her rosebud while he played with her
   tits.  Nancy move in  front of Bill and  spread her legs as  Bill probed
   her pussy from behind and shoved  two of his long fingers into  her cunt
   from the back as he squeezed her tits and pulled on her taught  nipples.
   We watched until  the Guy in  the blond's ass  came and filled  her butt
   with his cream and the woman below her sucked up the overflow.  I  could
   tell the blond was cumming and the Guy in her mouth fired off a big load
   filling her mouth with cream until it ran out the sides of her well worn
   mouth.   Sue  and  Beth  said  they  would  like to try that later and I
   promised Beth and Sue I would  fill their butts with my cream  any time.
   We got  something to  drink and  headed for  the pool  to take a dip and
   refresh ourselves.

   When we got to  the pool there were  a number of other  couples enjoying
   each other and this one foursome was really getting it on, on the  bench
   next to the pool this slim brunette was sitting on this guys cock  while
   another blond was  licking her clit  and the blonds  partner was fucking
   the blonds cunt banging her mouth into the brunettes pussy.  I heard the
   Guy sitting on the bench signal  he was cumming and the brunette  lifted
   her hips and the  blond stuffed this guys  spurting cock into her  mouth
   drinking his load down her throat.  The brunette figuring that turnabout
   was fair play waited for the  blonds partner to cum and in  the meantime
   frigged the blonds pussy.  When he began to shoot he pulled out and  the
   brunette forced his big cock into her mouth slurping his sperm into  her
   belly while the  blond reached under  her and finger  fucked her sopping
   cunt.  I suggested a swim and we all jumped in and began to molest  each
   other after a bit of swimming we guys climbed out and sat on the edge of
   the pool as  the girls continued  to swim and  play with each  other.  I
   called Sue over and asked her to suck my cock Sue spread my legs and  in
   her true form rammed  my cock down her  throat until my balls  rested on
   her chin and  her nose was  buried in my  pubic hair.  Sue  began a deep
   sucking  action  while  ramming  my  cock  into  her throat.  Seeing Sue
   working my cock the other ladies joined in and took their mates cocks in
   their throats.  The sight of four ladies deep throating us guys was  too
   much I could feel my balls throbbing in response to the hot scene.  Just
   before I could shoot my load Sue pulled off my cock and signaled to  the
   other girls to switch and Nancy swam over to suck my cock deep throating
   my rod while she massaged my balls and fingered my asshole.  One by  one
   each girl rotated taking each of us  guys in her mouth until we had  all
   shot our loads at  least once.  I had  managed to fill Beth's  mouth and
   came hot and heavy in Nancy's tight throat.

   The ladies claimed their turn and climbed up on the pool edge and opened
   their pussies to us as we took turns eating each of them to climax.   By
   the time  we had  finished we  were hot  and ready  for some  deep pussy
   probing so I  suggested we go  to the front  and put on  a show for  the
   crowd still dressed.  The girls loved the idea and suggested we take the
   first bench and they would sit on our cocks and fuck us in front of  the
   whole room.  We dried off and went  to the main area and picked out  our
   bench the guys sat down and spread our legs giving the crowd a good look
   at our hard cocks.  My wife Sue got in between John's legs and began  to
   give him  head making  sure to  spread her  legs and  give the  crowd of
   clothed onlookers a good shot of her shaved snatch as she plunged John's
   cock deep into her throat.  Jill came over to me and pushed my legs open
   grabbing my cock and stuffing it down her throat and started plunging my
   cock deep into her throat as she fondled my balls.  I could tell she was
   hot and she reached back between  her spread legs and finger fucked  her
   hot pussy as she  sucked my dick.  I  watched the reaction of  the crowd
   and I could  tell our show  was getting a  number of them  very excited.
   Beth and Nancy joined in the fun Nancy pouncing on Bill's cock and  deep
   throating  his  stiff  long  meat  at  a furious pace.  Beth wrapped her
   tongue and  lips around  Dave's stiff  throbbing dick  and began  a deep
   sucking action  that had  Dave rolling  his eyes  back and thrusting his
   hips forcing  his dick  deep into  Beth's mouth  and throat.   The girls
   really wanted to fuck so the head job only lasted a few minutes and then
   they stood up placed their asses in our faces and asked us to lick them.
   I stuck  my tongue  deep into  Jill's cunt  lashing her  erect clit  and
   thumbing her anal pucker until I felt her near her climax.  The crow  of
   watchers  was  now  growing  and  I  could  sense an all out orgy in the
   making.  I pulled Jill down onto my lap and she guided my straining cock
   into her hot wet cunt ramming herself down hard until only my balls were
   visible to the  crowd.  I looked  down the line  and saw that  the other
   ladies had also mounted their steeds and were riding the hard cocks with
   mindless abandon.

   Sue my wife had John's thick  prick buried in her cunt and  was frigging
   her clit in time  to her downward plunges  on his stiff meat.   Her tits
   were bouncing  and John  was pulling  on her  very stiff  erect nipples.
   Beth had Dave's cock in her pink  pussy and was pounding it up her  slit
   with long hard strokes as she massaged her big tits and brought each tit
   alternately to her mouth to suck her own nipples.  Nancy the slimmer  of
   the ladies had Bill's  cock rammed in her  cunt and had reached  down to
   squeeze his  balls in  time to  her deep  plunging strokes  which buried
   Bill's cock  deep in  her sweet  slit.  All  at once  the girls began to
   climax  and  as  soon  as  they  reached  their  peak each jumped up and
   switched cocks.  Nancy came up to me and straddled my legs facing me and
   quickly rammed my cock balls deep  in her slippery snatch I grabbed  her
   small firm tits  and began to  suck her nipples  as I reached  around to
   finger her asshole.  Sue  did the same to  Dave and slid down  his stiff
   pole until her little tuft of cunt hair meshed with his.  Dave seeing me
   finger fucking his wife Nancy's ass spread Sue's firm cheeks and  probed
   her  hot  anal  channel  until  he  had  buried  his finger fully up her
   quivering butt.  Beth had mounted  Bill's tool and was fucking  the shit
   out of her cunt with that hard cock while Bill sucked and licked her big
   tits.  Jill climbed on  Johns cock and reamed  her pussy with his  stiff
   fat prick while he  pulled and squeezed her  firm tits and nipples.   As
   the ladies ground and rammed their  way to climax I looked out  into the
   now very large  crowd that had  assembled.  A couple  of guys had  their
   cocks out and either they  or their female companion was  stroking their
   stiff poles.  At  one table of  two couples the  women had raised  their
   skirts and were fingering their own  pussies as there guys looked on  at
   our show.  Right up  front there was a  table of four single  girls only
   single women and couples are allowed so I guess they were more than just
   aquaintences.  They must have been close because each had already opened
   their blouses and pulled up  there skirts and while they  massaged their
   tits with  one hand  they had  two fingers  of the  other rammed up each
   others cunts.  Our ladies were climaxing again and it was all I could do
   to resist joining them in there orgasmic bliss.

   The girls were ready for another switch and they went back to the  first
   position facing the crowd with their backs to us guys exposing their now
   swollen pussies and our stiff cocks to the eyes of the onlookers as they
   each  mounted  their  third  prick.   I  grabbed  Beth's firm ass as she
   settled down on my cock forcing the head deep into her pussy.  I  licked
   a finger and slowly  forced it up her  tight pink anus as  she began her
   hard ramming  strokes on  my cock.   My free  hand found  her tits and I
   pulled her erect crimson nipples as  my tool probed her hot slick  twat.
   Nancy had mounted John and was fucking his cock like a demon  stretching
   her pussy with each downward stroke.  John had Nancy's tits in his hands
   and was pulling her down with each stroke fully impaling her lithe  body
   on each plunge.  Sue had climbed on Bill and was stroking his cock  into
   her hot shaved pussy  lips with hard fast  strokes making her tits  jump
   each time  his cock  touched bottom  in her  tight hot  slit.  Jill  had
   perched her sweet cunny on Dave's  hard cock and was plunging it  in and
   out of  her slippery  snatch as  she frigged  her stiff  button and Dave
   pulled on her stiff nipples.  The crowd now included nearly everyone  in
   the place and there were people  fucking on the tables and some  of them
   were still half clothed.  One table had two women naked to the waist one
   was sitting with her legs up while being eaten out by the other.   While
   the  first  gave  head  to  guy  with  his pants down around his ankles.
   Another guy  who was  completely naked  was fucking  the girl  doing the
   pussy  licking  while  the  guy  she  was  with stroked his own cock and
   watched.  The table of four  single girls was something else,  they were
   all naked  by now  and they  were standing  each one  with one leg up on
   their  chair  finger  fucking  their  own  cunts  while  they pulled and
   squeezed their tits and  erect nipples.  I heard  Bill call out that  he
   was going to cum and I knew I would soon be joining him.  Sue called out
   to the girls I  was just watching and  asked them if they  would like to
   lick some pussy  a big brunette  strode out and  got down between  Sue's
   legs and began to suck on Sue's stiff clit while she played with  Bill's
   balls.  Seeing their friend join the action the other three move in  and
   each took up a position between one of our ladies legs and began to suck
   and lick their prick filled pussies and our balls.  One by one the girls
   started to climax Sue first and as she clamped her talented cunt  around
   Bill's cock Bill started  to pump his spunk  into my wifes cunt.   After
   his first shot Sue got up  and grabbed his spurting tool and  pulled the
   Big brunette's mouth  onto his cock  feeding her Bill's  frothing sperm.
   The brunette  sucked the  cum from  Bill's pecker  and swallowed it down
   licking  her  lips  and  then  chewing  Sue's clit as she fingered Sue's
   pussy.  Beth was next and I could  feel my sperm rise in my cock  as her
   orgasm tighten  her cunt  like a  vise around  my throbbing  dick.  Beth
   jumped up  and fed  my load  to this  pert little  red head who had been
   licking her cunt.  This  petite lady sucked my  load down and rammed  my
   cock balls  deep into  her tight  throat as  she slipped  her slim pussy
   juice covered finger deep into my asshole.  As soon as she was  finished
   milking my cock  she rammed two  fingers up Beth's  hot cunt and  licked
   Beth's enraged clit sending shivers of pleasures into Beth's sexy  body.
   Seeing her shaking with orgasm again I shoved a finger up Beth's asshole
   to complete her pleasure.  Jill and Dave got a similar treat as did John
   and Nancy.

   We all sank back and rested while  the crowd gave us a rousing round  of
   applause.  We were all tired and got up to leave for a quick soak in the
   hot tub when our cunt  licking, sperm sucking foursome of  single ladies
   asked if they could join us.  I told them to stow their cloths and  meet
   us  at  the  hot  tub.   We  were  relaxing  in  the warm water when the
   impromptu foursome joined us and they  quickly got in with us and  began
   their introductions.  The tall brunette was great her figure was perfect
   for her size 6' and she  lead the introductions telling us her  name was
   Carol.  She then introduced her friends Linda a pert blond with a nicely
   proportioned body, Ceil the short very petite read head who had  slurped
   down my  load and  swallowed all  of my  ten inch  cock and  Robin a big
   busted girl with a look of fun in her eyes and the largest erect nipples
   I had seen in a long time.  I asked the girls if they had enjoyed  their
   part of our  little show and  the all said  yes.  Carol asked  if we had
   enjoyed their  addition to  the show  and Sue  told her  yes very  much.
   Carol asked if our ladies were willing to share their men in return  for
   the pleasure they had received and  Beth who had been silent until  then
   answered for the group  saying they would gladly  share as long as  they
   too could participate.  All  the girls seemed to  be in agreement and  I
   knew the guys would not have a problem so I suggested we go back to  the
   mat room.  The ladies however had another idea they wanted all of us  to
   retire to one of the private rooms so that we could play undisturbed.

   We went back to see if any  rooms were available and as luck would  have
   it there was a large one empty so I requested it for two hours.  We  all
   piled into the  room and I  could tell we  would all be  totally drained
   when we left.  Once inside our new lady friends got down doggy style and
   asked that they be fucked by the guys and eaten by our ladies.  I  moved
   in on Linda spreading  her ass cheeks and  licking her exposed cunt  and
   asshole  in  preparation  as  Nancy  moved  under  Linda making her cunt
   available to Linda's mouth and fingers.  As soon as Nancy began to  lick
   and suck Linda's sweet  slit Nancy grabbed my  cock and guided my  stiff
   meat into  Linda's wet  tight pussy.   I rammed  my 10  incher deep into
   Linda's pussy with one long hard stroke and began to fuck her sweet slit
   with pounding strokes.   Nancy spread her  slim thighs and  pulled Linda
   head to her cunt urging her to lick and suck her cunt.  Linda moaned and
   buried her mouth in Nancy's pussy as I pounded her cunt forcing my  dick
   fully up her hot pulsing slit.  Looking around I saw that the others had
   gotten into similar threesomes.  Ceil was straddling Beth's face and had
   Bill's cock deeply inserted in her hot pink pussy as Beth lashed  Ceil's
   clit with her tongue.  Ceil's face was buried in Beth's cunt and she had
   a finger rammed up each of Beth's holes and was ramming them in and  out
   in time  to Bill's  pounding in  her own  sweet slit.   Carol had Dave's
   thick meat rammed up  her lush pussy and  Dave was pounding away  in her
   hole while my wife Sue licked and sucked Carols cunt and clit.  Sue  had
   her  legs  spread  wide  open  and  I  could  see Carol's tongue working
   franticly on Sue's clit and her fingers were deeply inserted up my  wife
   Sue's cunt  and ass  making Sue  squirm as  she rammed  them in and out.
   Robin was having the time of her life and her big tits shook and  jerked
   each time John rammed  his fat cock deep  into her wet pussy.   Jill was
   licking and sucking Robin's cunt and  clit and had her finger shoved  up
   John's asshole giving  him a good  reaming.  Robin's face  was buried in
   Jill's cunt and her  fingers were working in  and out of both  of Jill's
   stretched holes making Jill moan and squirm for release.  In short order
   each of the  ladies began to  climax and their  tight cunts brought  the
   guys off filling their throbbing  cunts with sperm.  When we  pulled out
   to rest our ladies licked our cream from our new found friends cunts  as
   they continued to pleasure each other.  Each of us guys changed partners
   as did our ladies and this fucking and sucking orgy kept up until we had
   fucked each of our new lady friends at least once.  Just before our time
   was up we got in  one round of fucking with  our spouses and one of  the
   girls.  I pounded my cock up  Sue while Carol sat on Sue's  face getting
   the tongue lashing of  her life and after  I had filled my  wife's pussy
   with my  cream Carol  went down  on Sue  and sucked  my load  from Sue's
   pussy.

   All in all it was a great night and it has lead to many other fun  times
   as we get together with the other couples and some of the single  ladies
   from time to time on an ongoing basis.

--
