Although this was actually the second time I had gone to a play party with my
Master, in a way it was going to be much different. Last time, I spent most of
time being fairly chicken, hanging out in the lounge with my Master and some
friends, and nervously watching a few scenes in the dungeon. He and I did end
up doing a short whipping scene, but it was in a secluded area after most
people had left for the night.

This time, I was determined to be less nervous. Sure, it was more public than
my own home, but these were people who were all living the same lifestyle as I
was, some much more deeply, with much heavier play.  And many of them spent the
entire evening in bondage, in revealing clothing or even nude, and/or in scene.
I was fully clothed; the only thing making it obvious that I was someone's
slave was the shackle on my ankle and the leash my master held, attached to my
collar. No one even really seemed to notice, certainly not to think it out of
the ordinary.

This thought, while somewhat comforting, did not stop me from smoking a fair
number of cigarettes. My Master, always patient, waited for a while before
asking if I was ready. I asked  if I could smoke one more cigarette, but also
told him to not let me chicken out once I was done.  While I was smoking, I
tried very hard to relax. 

When I was done, my Master said "Let's go." and got up. Leading me by the
leash, we went to the dungeon. In it are a number of things to make play more
interesting, but we had already decided on the cage. It was dimly lit and had a
feeling of being safe.

We went inside and my Master closed the door, then ordered me to remove my
shirt and skirt, leaving me in a black bra and black pantyhose. He manacled my
wrists, then attached them to the overhead bar. He reached around me to play
with my nipples briefly, then began whipping me.  After a few minutes, I had to
stop him; my wrists were starting to hurt and he had gotten a little hard with
his blows.

As he freed my wrists and found a new, more comfortable position to chain them
in (which turned out to be the back of the cage), we decided that it wasn't
that he was hitting me harder than I could take but that he had not started
slowly enough. He decided to start with much lighter blows this time. Before he
began, however, he blindfolded me.

This time, it was much better. In fact, he increased the force of the whip more
slowly than I might have wanted, although I was hardly going to complain about
him erring on the side of caution. As things steadily got heavier, I began to
not notice where I was. What I noticed was each blow, what I noticed was the
after-burn, what I noticed , vaguely, was the music playing in the background.

I stopped him after a while because I was getting unsteady on my feet. If I
didn't have to stand, I could (and wanted to) keep going. He released my hands
from the bars and led me to the bunk, giving me plenty of time (and help) to
get up on it because of my unsteadiness. He fastened my wrists to the bars in
front of me, and caressed me.

I don't remember exactly what happened after that; after a while it all blurred
together, but I do know that he used both a whip and a riding crop, and also
his hand, and that his blows were on the far end of pain that I like.
Periodically he would pause to gently rub or caress me, and to make sure I was
okay. I remember several times coming very close to having an orgasm, and him
noticing and giving me permission to do so. I remember him stopping once
because I had actually reacted in a way he knew meant 'real' pain. And I
remember that when I couldn't take the increasing heaviness, asking him to
stop, and that he came to the head of the bunk and held me.

I had a hard time getting off the bunk because of the reaction my body has to
the whipping (a bit like being tipsy). He helped me down and sat me down,
removed all my restraints, and packed the stuff. I slowly got dressed, watching
another scene (one he was watching as he packed, in fact). We went back to the
lounge for soda and so that I could have a cigarette.

Somewhere in the midst of the cigarette, the full reaction hit;  my hands
started shaking and I got light-headed. This lasted for about 20 minutes, in
which time I smoked a second cigarette and drank some soda (I was a bit
dehydrated from sweating and other things). Then my Master decided we were
going back upstairs, just to watch.

He went over to a chair and sat in it, gesturing for me to kneel at his feet.
Periodically he would direct my attention elsewhere, wanting me to watch a
particular scene; if my eyes wandered, he would  point back to the scene I was
supposed to be watching. He stood up, and using only hand gestures ordered me
to stand, follow him, and kneel at his side in a different place. This went on
for a while, then I asked could we go back to the lounge so that I might have
another cigarette. Before we went there, he ordered me to remove my shirt and
give it to him, leaving me in bra and skirt.

After the cigarette and some conversation, we returned to the dungeon, where
once again he had me watch what he wanted me to, this time physically turning
my head to point me in the right direction. He let me sit by his side when we
were going to watch what was obviously going to be a long scene. The sights
around me fascinated me, and made me not a little horny and wanting to do more.

We discussed the possibility, but it was late, and we were both too hungry and
tired; we decided that it could wait for another night. We said goodbyes to
those we knew, he gave me my shirt back, and we went for food; then home for a
restful nights sleep, content with the way the night had gone.


