Archive-name: Bondage/plk-q.txt
Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth    (c)
Archive-title: PLK Q 


     It was Friday afternoon, and her roommate had gone on a date.  
Roxanne was anxious for her to go so that she could have the room to 
herself.  She got back to her dorm, locked her door and opened the 
closet door to examine herself in the full length mirror.  She admired 
the way she looked dressed up as she was in the bright red silk blouse 
with the full sleeves and slightly puffed shoulders and swooping 
neckline.  Her dark straight skirt emphasized the slim quality of her 
figure and took the eye down to her black heels. 
     She walked over to her chest of drawers and pulled out the bag with 
the two pair of handcuffs that she had purchased.  She opened up the 
lightweight pair and locked and unlocked them to make sure that the key 
worked.  It worked fine, as did the spare.  She marveled at the light 
weight.  The difference of three ounces really was noticeable.  Leaving 
the keys on the bed, she took the handcuffs and walked over to the 
mirror and locked them on her left wrist.  She looked at herself, turned 
sideways and hung her one handcuffed arm down to her side.  Then, 
turning her back to the mirror and looking over one shoulder, she locked 
both her wrists behind her back.  She turned both wrists outward, once 
the initial locking had been effected, and closed the ratchets tighter 
so that her wrist bones were pinioned in a palms outward position as is 
recommended in the handcuff instructions. 
     She modeled in front of the mirror.  From the front, the handcuffs 
were not visible, but something indiscernible had entered her posture 
that indicated that her wrists were not held in a natural position.  Her 
breasts were distended just so, and she knew that if she were on the 
street, that it would be obvious that she were handcuffed even to the 
casual observer from the front view.  Of course, from the back, the 
gleaming aluminum cuffs were clearly visible against the deep red silk 
and black skirt that she wore. 
     She wanted to get undressed, but she was handcuffed, and she went 
to relax on her bed for a minute before she unhandcuffed herself and got 
undressed.  She went over to the bed and sat down, the lay over to her 
left and on her stomach, with her hands trying to find a comfortable 
position behind her as she lay there.  She allowed herself some time to 
just lay there and dream for a while. 
     Suddenly the phone rang. 
     It had rang twice before she even sat up, and as she fumbled for 
the key, it had rang another three times.  She decided to try and answer 
it with her hands 'cuffed, then maybe the caller would excuse her and 
she could get uncuffed.  She was able to get the phone to her ear, but 
there was a strain on her wrists. 
     "Hi Roxanne, this is Ron," said the voice on the other end. 
     "Ron, I'm glad you called.  Listen, I'm having a little problem.  
Could you hold on for a second?" asked Roxanne. 
     "Sure," came the reply. 
     Roxanne let the phone drop on the bed as she allowed her strained 
arms to rest a moment.  She took the handcuff key, and saw that she had 
put her 'cuffs on so that the keyhole is on the top where it is hard to 
reach.  By careful and painful twisting, she was able to match keyhole 
and key and twist to gain her freedom.  She was anxious to talk to Ron, 
and she left the handcuffs locked to her other wrist as she picked up 
the phone.  "I'm so glad you called!" said Roxanne, trying to get her 
breath. 
     "What was the matter?" asked Ron. 
     "Well, since you asked, I was trying on the lightweight handcuffs 
that you and I bought the other day," replied Roxanne. 
     "Do you still have them on?"  inquired Ron, with a great deal of 
interest. 
     "Only on one wrist," laughed Roxanne.  "I'll put them on again 
after we get off the phone, but its a little hard to talk on the phone 
with your wrists 'cuffed behind your back." 
     "I guess so," said Ron.  "I'll tell you what.  You don't have to 
put them on now, but whatever I buy at the hardware store tomorrow, you 
have to wear out of the store and for the rest of the day, at my 
option." 
     "One hour," countered Roxanne. 
     "Two hours," countered Ron. 
     "Done," laughed Roxanne and removed the handcuff from her other 
wrist. 
     "I'll pick you up at 9:30," said Ron. 
     "I'll be ready," said Roxanne. 
     After this talk with Ron, she really wanted to put the handcuffs on 
and dream some more, but she was true to her promise to Ron and put the 
handcuffs away in their box in the dresser.  She put on her nightgown 
and went to bed. 


                        Return to the Hardware Store 


     Roxanne slept well after talking to Ron, in fact she was asleep 
before 10:00.  Ron had said that he would pick her up at 9:30 the next 
morning, so she had time to go to breakfast with her roommate, Kathy.  
She dressed in a frilly Victorian style blouse with a sheer cutout 
bodice and a stiff standup collar.  Per the instructions of the 
sorority, she wore a dress, and she chose a black straight skirt which 
came about mid-calf length.  She put on her highest white heel pumps to 
contrast with the dark hose with a seam down the middle.  She used light 
makeup and used a lip stain rather than lipstick, because she would 
probably be gagged at the hardware store and she did not want to loose 
her lip color.  Also, she had rubbed Vaseline Intensive Care lotion on 
her wrists. 
     "Wow!"  said Kathy, "you sure are dolled up!  Who are you going to 
meet?" 
     "One of the guys in my Economics class, Ron," Roxanne replied.  
"He's a real dear.  He took me out to lunch several days ago and I had 
the best time!" 
     "Sounds fun, lets go eat." 
     Roxanne and Kathy walked down the hall to the dining room.  They 
both were very attractive.  Kathy was a tall blonde with an excellent 
figure.  She wore jeans and a tank top with a bare midriff.  Roxanne, by 
her own design, looked like a knockout, and she was a tall as Kathy due 
to her heels. 
     After they got their breakfast, Kathy asked, "Did you get the 
handcuffs you were after the other day?" 
     "I sure did.  I got two pair," responded Roxanne.  "Do you want to 
try them on for a few hours?" 
     "Well, maybe not a few hours.  I do want to know how they work, 
though, because I have a few ideas for my boyfriend," said Kathy. 
     "Well maybe I can show you later today or tomorrow." 
     "Good, do let's," said Kathy.  "Do they hurt at all?" 
     "Well, if they are put on properly, they don't hurt if you are 
holding still, but if you pull against them they do.  Ropes, on the 
other hand, hurt a little all the time, or a lot, depending on how they 
are tied," replied Roxanne.  She was a little surprised at her expert 
tone. 
     "Ropes!"  exclaimed Kathy.  "Do they tie you up in ropes?  I've 
seen girls tied in ropes and it always looks like you could get out of 
them.  I'll bet that I could get out of them." 
     Roxanne wasn't sure, because only handcuffs had been used on her so 
far, but she thought that ropes could be made to be pretty inescapable 
if tied correctly.  "I'll take you up on that bet.  But really, I need 
to go, because its almost time for Ron to pick me up to go to the 
hardware store.  Would you like me to pick you up a pair of handcuffs?" 
     "No," laughed Kathy, "I'm not ready for that yet.  I want to see 
yours first."  
     Both girls got up and walked back down the long hall to their 
rooms.  On the way, Roxanne saw a girl from the sorority who was also a 
new pledge.  The girl, whose name she did not yet know, glanced at her 
and quickly turned her head away.  Roxanne thought that she was 
beautiful, but wondered why she would avoid her. Maybe it was because 
she was with a non-sorority member?  Roxanne would make it a point to 
speak to her next meeting. 

Felix Dartmouth (C)
Archives BBS
1-713-896-1721
felix003@cld9.sccsi.com

---
