Archive-name: Bondage/plka.txt
Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth
Archive-title: Pledgeship


    Ron, pulling his neck-chain to the utmost, went down as 
far as he could and began to suck on Roxanne's nipples.  They 
instantly sprung erect, and she began to breathe heavily 
through her nostrils.  Soon, Roxanne was in a frenzy from 
Ron's ministrations and after Ron tired and leaned back to 
relax, Roxanne moaned, urging him on. 
    "It's no use, Roxie," he said, also very frustrated.  
"This was their plan.  If only I could get my handcuffs in 
front of me, we might be able to make some headway." 
    Ron struggled to move his hands over his rear end, a feat 
that Kathy had accomplished when Roxanne had carelessly 
handcuffed her too loosely.  It took Ron about three minutes 
of grunting and straining, but soon he had his cuffed wrists 
over his rear end, and he was stuck into a type of fetal 
position with the bend of his knees.  His leg irons were no 
deterrent, and within minutes, his hands were in front of him.  
He began exploring the methods used to secure his bed-partner, 
but he quickly found that all was secured in a manner that 
prying hands, without keys or knives, could not loose. 
    Also, he found that he could not even embrace Roxanne 
because of the way they were chained up by the throat.  So, 
his hands, handcuffed before him, were almost a type of 
barrier to their pressing their bodies against one another. 
    An opportunity was presented by this, however.  Roxanne 
with her body showed him what she wanted him to do with his 
hands, and Ron complied with her unspoken wishes. 
    For hours into the night the pair lay in their chains, and 
for much of this time they were both engulfed in ecstasy.  
Roxanne was left panting, covered in a thin layer of 
perspiration, and lying looking up at the ceiling, trying to 
adjust her handcuffs behind her, and trying to adjust the 
ball-gag in her mouth.  Ron, still hard, was lying stomach 
down, and was tying to calm down, because he knew that 
satisfaction would not come for him. 
    "Roxanne," he said, "I want you to promise me something.  
We we get out of this situation, and after my pledgeship is 
over, I want you to spent another afternoon in bondage in bed 
with me, and I promise you that I can make you as happy as you 
are now.  Have we got a deal?" 
    "Of course," Roxanne tried to say through her ball-gag, 
and she took a deep breath through her nostrils. 
    "Well, I guess that we should make some attempt to get 
some sleep, and if we do, I'd better have my hands behind me 
in case they come in to check on us.  I'm sure that they 
wouldn't exactly like it if I did this.  I would be bound to 
increase our punishment." 
    Ron began maneuvering to get his hands under his leg-
ironed ankles and he had just accomplished this when Annette 
walked into the room.  "What is this?" she said angrily.  The 
sheet had long been pushed down to the feet of the two 
prisoners, and Annette placed her hands on Roxanne and began 
examining her and determined that her panties were damp.  
"Well, it's obvious that you two need a little additional 
restraint for the evening."  She stormed out of the room. 
    "Gosh, Roxanne, I'm so sorry.  It looks like I've done it 
too you again.  I really . . ." 
    But Ron was cut short by Annette, who strode in with 
various items in a canvas bag.  First she drew out a ball-gag, 
wrapped in plastic, and strapped it tightly in Ron's mouth.  
Then, with a thin cord, she tightly tied off Ron's 
knees and ankles, but his leg irons remained locked. 
    "Now Ron, I want you to see what your shenanigans are 
going to cost your friend here."  Annette took a thin cord, 
and tied it around Roxanne's waist and brought it in a single 
strand down between Roxanne's legs and up to the handcuffs 
that linked Roxanne's wrists behind her and after passing the 
cord through one of the two links that joined Roxanne's 
wrists, she looped the rope back through the crotch, and tied 
it off at Roxanne's belly-button.  Roxanne passively watched 
as Annette corded her into the additional bondage.  Roughly 
Annette turned Roxanne over onto her stomach and corded her 
elbows tightly together with the proper windings and cinchings 
that are appropriate in elbow bondage.  After this was done, 
the rope that passed through Roxanne's crotch and handcuffs 
was retightened to make up for the slack that resulted in 
having her elbows trussed. 
    Annette stood up to observe her work.  She was pleased.  
Next, she took out a black silken hood, and seeing the hood, 
Roxanne went wild in protest, bucking and heaving in her 
bonds.  Before the hood covered her eyes, she exchanged one 
last glance with Ron, who was also wide-eyed.  The cords drew 
the hood shut about Roxanne's collar.  Her vision was thus 
sealed off for the remainder of the night. 
    Ron was still in the awkward position of having his hands 
'cuffed under his bent knees, and Annette helped him get them 
behind his back.  To prevent this from happening again, 
Annette chained the cuffs around his waist, and locked the 
chain at is belly.  There was also a hood for Ron, which was 
not put in place until Annette had thoroughly tested the 
integrity of Ron's bonds and ball-gag.  This done, she fondled 
him for a second, and then hooded him, drawing the strings 
shut and tying them off.  Thus Ron and Roxanne, totally 
chained and hooded, passed the remainder of the long night. 

(C) Felix Dartmouth 

--
