Archive-name: 3plus/plyhouse.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Pleasure House, The


        Diane couldn't believe she was really doing these things.  It was all
   so incredibly naughty, and that made it even more erotic.  She'd come to
   "The House" with a couple she knew, and now they were off someplace,
   enjoying themselves.   
        Diane, 22 years old, was a slender blonde, and her hair reached down
   to her shoulders.  Her pert breasts were capped with large, pink nipples
   that formed cones on the ends of her tits.  She had a lean, taut body, with
   a flat stomach and a firm, round ass.  Her pussy was shaved bare, except
   for a tiny patch of blonde pubic hair just above her clit.  
        Diane knelt on the soft pads, flexing her arms above her head to keep
   them from going numb.  The restraints that held her hands together and the
   chain that held her arms up had just enough slack to permit her this action
   so her arms didn't become leaden.  Diane's ankles were tied to the wooden
   posts behind her, leaving her legs spread open.  In her current position,
   Diane's breasts almost disappeared, becoming small, elongated ridges of
   flesh, capped with her large, rosy nipples.  
        Diane was wearing only the restraints on her limbs, and a garterbelt,
   the straps of which hung limp along her thighs since her stockings had been
   removed earlier.  In the room with her were about seven people, all of them
   engaging in various forms of sex.  A brunette with a fabulous ass was
   getting fucked in the ass, with her face against a pillow on the floor. She
   was enjoying it too, thrusting back against the man's cock that filled her
   butt.  Others were fucking or sucking, and in some cases, doing both.  Over
   by the door, a very buxom blonde was on her back, legs spread, getting her
   pussy fucked hard, and sucking on the brunette who straddled her face.  
        Diane's pussy had long ago drenched her inner thighs with cream. Men
   were letting her suck their cocks to hardness, then joining in the fun with
   others in the room.  Some of the women came over and suckled on her
   nipples, fingering her slick pussy, or lying under her and eating her until
   she was just about to come.  Her body was aching with the need for release,
   but nobody seemed willing to give it to her. 
        Earlier, one man had begun fucking her dripping pussy, then slowly
   inserted his soaked cock into her asshole.  Diane had nearly orgasmed from
   that, but he'd taken his time, and the moment passed.  He pumped in and out
   of her tight butt for several minutes, then withdrew, disappearing before
   she could see who he was.  Ever since then, Diane had been on the ragged
   edge, hoping someone would send her over and make her come.  
        A tall, slender, and beautiful brunette entered the room, wearing a
   black corset, black stockings, a blue garterbelt, and black elbow length
   gloves.  She walked straight over to Diane and stood in front of her,
   looking down with her fists on her hips.  The brunette had long hair that
   parted in the middle, cascaded down over her shoulders, stopping only when
   it hung slightly below her firm, round breasts.  Behind the veil of brown
   hair, Diane could see very large, round, brownish nipples.  Diane looked up
   at the girl's face, staring into the azure eyes that glowed beneath dark
   eyebrows.   
        "You need a change of scenery." The brunette declared, and she
   produced a leather collar that she fastened around Diane's neck.  The
   collar had a ring attached and through this was strung a leather "leash".
   Diane's hands were lowered, then quickly re-tied behind her back, lest she
   reach down and finger herself to orgasm.  The brunette untied Diane's
   ankles and helped her rise.  
        "Come along." She said matter of factly, and tugged on Diane's leash.
   Diane followed, watching the globes of the brunette's ass ripple as she
   walked.  Diane stretched her arms and legs as she walked behind, working
   out the kinks from being tied up for over an hour.  They walked down a
   hallway, past several other rooms where people were engaging in various
   acts. Then, up the stairs, stepping over a man who was sucking a girl's
   pussy on the stairs.  Down another hallway, and a left turn, and the
   brunette brought Diane out into a the large living room of the house. In
   the room were more than a dozen couples in various stages of undress. Some
   were already coupling, touching, licking, or otherwise having sexual fun.  
        "How about this one?" The brunette asked a handsome young man sitting
   on the sofa.  The man studied Diane while a slightly chunky, but large
   breasted woman sucked his stiff shaft, playing with his large balls.  Diane
   looked at the man's shaft, seeing how thick it was.   
        "Turn her around for me." The man said.  The brunette jerked Diane's
   collar and turned her around so he could see her from behind.  Diane looked
   at the brunette's hair shrouded breasts again, and found herself wondering
   how soft they were.  
        "She's perfect." The man's voice said. "What do you think honey?"
        "Ummm, yes.  A tight little butt, and a bare pussy too." A female
   voice said. "Just right." 
        The brunette told Diane to kneel and she did.  Her hands were untied,
   then re-tied in front of her, with the heavy leg of a sofa between her
   arms. In this position, Diane could rest her head on the sofa's cushions,
   or lean back and put her head on the floor.  
        "Do you have a spreader?" The man's voice asked.  Diane couldn't see,
   but a minute later, her ankles were being spread wide and fastened to a bar
   to keep them apart.   
        "Thank you." The man said. Diane heard the brunette caution him that
   Diane was only a novice, and not to get carried away.  The man agreed and
   then Diane watched the brunette's legs and shapely ass move around the
   sofa, disappearing through the door.   
        "I'm Lisa." The chunky girl said, kneeling next to Diane and letting
   her udder-like tits hang down. "This is Tim."  As if she were introducing
   only his cock, Lisa pulled Tim's cock to her face and licked it.  Diane's
   eyes widened.  Tim's cock was not only thick, but about ten inches long,
   perhaps longer.  Diane watched as Lisa knelt next to her and took almost
   the entire length into her mouth, making slurping noises, and sucked him.  
        "You've got such a tight bod." Lisa said, running her hands over
   Diane's slender form. "I love your legs too."  Diane felt the girl's warm
   hands caress her, and her pussy clenched down hard.  She wanted her pussy
   touched, her clit sucked or fingered, but she wasn't allowed to speak. Part
   of Diane's instructions were that she not speak unless she absolutely
   couldn't hold it back.  
        "Oh! You're so wet!!" Lisa exclaimed, sliding her hands up the insides
   of Diane's slick thighs.  Lisa brought a cream covered hand to her lips and
   licked some of Diane's juices off her fingers. "Hmmm" Lisa moaned, then
   held her hand up for Tim to taste.  Lisa rubbed her hand along Diane's
   thighs again, this time rubbing Diane's cream on her own face. "I'm going
   to eat your sweet pussy, would you like that?"  
        Diane closed her eyes and nodded emphatically yes, her whole body
   tensing in anticipation.  Lisa rolled onto her back and slid under Diane.
   Diane watched Lisa's large tits sag to the sides and jiggle as she scooted
   under and between Diane's legs.  Lisa's hair brushed against Diane's legs,
   and Diane trembled, her pussy spasming and releasing a thick, white cream. 
        Lisa gazed at the bare pussy before her.  Diane's pussy was devoid of
   hair, and the lips were pink and swollen.  The girl's entrance was clearly
   visible, weeping a thick white cream from her excitement.  The entire
   length of her slit glistened with her wetness, and her clit peeked out of
   its hiding place, red and engorged.  Lisa lifted her head and licked up the
   thick droplet of girl-cum that seeped down Diane's pussy.  The feel of the
   hot, slippery flesh on her tongue excited her, almost as much as tasting
   the girl's juice. 
        Diane jerked when Lisa's tongue grazed her slit, and breathed deeply
   when that wet fleshly muscle slide towards her opening.  Her pussy was
   spasming, but without orgasm. Each contraction she had forced more of her
   steamy wetness to slide down her pussy.  Slowly, almost teasingly, Lisa
   licked and sucked Diane's pussy, coming close to, but never touching her
   sensitive button.  Lisa's hands roamed freely over Diane's ass, squeezing
   and spreading her cheeks.  Diane moaned, rocking her hips to force Lisa to
   suck her clit, but she shied away from it, keeping Diane highly aroused. 
        Lisa stopped sucking the girl's delicious cunt, and pushed Diane's
   slim hips up away from her face, pulling the swollen pink lips of her pussy
   wide open.  Tim leaned forward, sliding his long thick cock easily into
   Diane's sopped opening.  
        "Unnnnnnmmmmmm!" Diane moaned as Tim slid into her. It felt like a
   huge, never-ending cock was filling her cunt, spreading her wider and wider
   until she thought she'd tear apart.  Tim moved slowly, but easily deeper
   into her, until his cock was fully buried in her, the head bumping into the
   end of her tunnel.  Then he began pulling out.  Diane felt like her insides
   were being sucked out with his cock, her cunt walls contracting around the
   large void left inside her.  Then he paused and pushed again, filling her
   with that massively thick shaft.  Diane's eyes began to fill with tears,
   not from pain, but from frustration at being so close to orgasm, yet not
   being able to climax.  Her body began shaking as Tim slid in and out of her
   dripping wet pussy. He was pumping with a slow, easy rhythm, making a
   lather form at her entrance.   
        Lisa watched the thick white cream forming around Tim's cock, feeling
   her own pussy seep it's cream down her ass.  Diane's juices were turning
   into a lather, running down her slit to drip into Lisa's waiting mouth. Tim
   kept his pace slow, sensual, and unhurried.  Lisa reached up and fondled
   his swaying balls, sliding her fingers up his furry ass.  
        Diane felt Tim withdraw, and she began to cry with frustration. Her
   pussy spasmed, closing itself down around the void his manhood left in her.
   Lisa's mouth returned, kissing and licking around her entrance.  It felt
   good, but Diane wanted more, she wanted to come.  She resisted the urge to
   shout at Tim to fuck her.   
        Diane felt Tim press the head of his cock to her asshole. "He can't be
   serious!", she thought, "He'll split me wide open!".  The large head
   pressed forward, spreading her sphincter.  Diane concentrated on relaxing,
   hoping that Tim was just going to tease her a little.  The head slipped
   past her opening with a quick jerk, and Diane's asshole clamped down on the
   narrower part of his shaft.  The pain shot through her, then suddenly began
   to turn into pleasure.  Lisa had swirled her tongue around Diane's clit,
   and she'd almost orgasmed! 
        Diane rocked her hips, trying to get her clit back towards Lisa's
   tongue.  Doing so forced more of Tim's thick cock into her asshole, forcing
   her anus to open wider.  Each time Diane rotated her hips back, Lisa licked
   at her clit, making her arch again.  Tim's cock was filling her slowly, by
   inches, each time she rocked back searching for Lisa's elusive tongue. Lisa 
   flicked her tongue rapidly over Diane's clit again, several times.  Diane
   shuddered briefly, and arched her hips back hard, impaling her butt on the
   thick cock.  
        "MAKE ME CUM GODDAMIT!" Diane yelled.
        Tim pulled his cock out, leaving just the head in her rectum, and Lisa
   flicked Diane's clit again.  
        "NO! FUCKME! SUCKMEOFFANDCUMINME!" Diane screamed, running the words
   together. She began thrusting her butt back and forth, reaming her own
   asshole with Tim's thick cock.   
        "Now!" Lisa said loudly.
        Tim grabbed Diane's hips and began slamming his meaty shaft into her
   anus, and Lisa began licking and sucking Diane's clit, sliding two fingers
   up the naked blonde's pussy.  
        "OOOOhhhhhh I'm cummmmminnggg!" Diane moaned, feeling her orgasm
   rising like a tidal wave, threatening to wash her away.  It broke over her,
   and wracked her body.  She strained against the restraints, pulling hard.
   Her cunt and asshole clamped down like a vise on the intruding flesh.  Even
   Diane's tits seemed to stiffen, and she gasped for breath.  Tim's pistoning
   cock still pumped in and out of her butt, alternately making her feel
   completely filled with cock, then empty.  Lisa's tongue danced on her clit,
   and lapped the flowing cream from her pussy.  
        "Oh! OH! NOT AGAIN!!" Diane cried, feeling another wave about to crash
   over her.  This time Lisa locked her lips over the orgasming blonde's clit.
   She sucked and flicked the little button with her tongue, feeling it throb
   with each of Diane's fast heartbeats.  
        "Yeeeeeeesssssss! OH YESSS!" Diane screamed, her body wracked by
   another heaving orgasm.  Now she was bucking her ass back onto Tim's cock
   with a furious abandon, flailing her hair about, arching and banging into
   Lisa's face. "CUMINMYASS! CUMGODDAMIT!", Diane sobbed. 
        Tim grabbed her slim hips and thrust his cock deep into her butt, and
   Diane felt his fleshy spear swell up inside her asshole.  Diane began
   coming hard, her cunt and ass milking Tim's cock.  Tim groaned and his cock
   began flooding her with a torrent of hot sperm.  The pulsing cock and the
   warmth that began washing up inside her set Diane off again, making her
   jerk and shake with each pulse of that massive cock.  Lisa was licking the
   entire length of her pussy, and Diane's eyes rolled back in her head. 
        "Ohhh, my ASSSS!" Diane sobbed loudly, shaking from continuous orgasms
   that surged through her lithe frame. 
        Lisa began caressing Diane all over, wherever she could reach. The
   slim blonde still shuddered from mini-orgasms as Tim began slipping his
   cock out of her asshole. His thick cock exited her hole with a wet smack,
   and Diane shuddered, yet another mini-orgasm rolling through her body.  
        Lisa lay still, hugging Diane to her around the hips, since the girl
   had collapsed on top of her anyway.  She watched as Diane's nether hole
   began pulsing and trying to close the gaping opening that Tim's cock left.
   Tim was sitting back, catching his breath and wiping a heavy sweat from his
   face.  
        Lisa's large, soft tits squirmed wetly against Diane's belly, and she
   slowly raised herself up, feeling limp as a rag doll. Lisa helped and then
   slid out from under her, lowering her gently to the floor.  Diane turned
   her head to look at Lisa again, and found Lisa's cream covered face next to
   hers.  The girls kissed, and Diane tasted her own cream on Lisa's lips and
   tongue.  Diane, who had never kissed a girl before, found Lisa's lips to be
   soft and warm, and her tongue both gentle and passionate. Lisa pulled on
   Diane's nipples and made her moan, especially when she rolled them between
   her fingers.  
        Tim untied her legs, and Diane appreciated him for it.  Her legs
   closed and she rolled to her side, curling up.  Her whole body felt wrung
   out and limp.  She floated on a cloud, unable to focus on anything but the
   complete lack of tension she felt.   
        After a few minutes rest, Lisa untied her hands and helped her sit up,
   leaning against one of the sofas.  Diane was covered with sweat, and her
   crotch was soaked with her juices.  She looked around the room, and the
   dozen or so couples were all watching her.  They began applauding, smiling
   broadly at her performance.  Diane felt naked and exposed, realizing now
   that all these people had watched her get fucked in the ass, and let
   another woman suck her pussy. She'd even kissed another girl!   
        Diane's embarrassment ended quickly.  The couple sitting on the floor
   just across from her were also sweating.  The blonde girl sitting next to
   the man had thick streams of sperm running down her tits.  The girl on the
   sofa behind them had white streaks in her pussy hair too.  Over by the
   fireplace, a redhead sat on the floor, wiping the sperm from her soaked
   face and tits with two men sitting on either side of her.  A couple by the
   drapes were still fucking, she on top with her back to Diane.  Diane could
   clearly see the man's dark cock pumping the girl's pussy.  He slammed it
   home and they shuddered, holding each other tightly.  A small Asian girl
   slid over and let the other girl sit on her face.  Diane watched as the
   slim, dark-skinned Asian girl sucked the man's sperm from the girl's pussy. 
        Diane had just caught her breath, and cooled off, when the brunette
   who had led her into the room returned.  She seemed oblivious to the carnal
   activities.  Without a word, she helped Diane to her feet and tied her
   hands again.  
        "I understand you spoke." She said, making it sound like a something
   unforgivable.  Diane nodded.  Lisa said that Diane only spoke as she
   orgasmed, repeatedly, but had not spoken a word since.  "Very well then.",
   the brunette said sharply. "Come with me." 
        Diane blew an air-kiss to Lisa and Tim, and followed off behind the
   brunette with the sexy ass that jiggled when she walked.  Diane was led
   into the hall, then into another room, which looked like a den.  She was
   instructed to kneel on the floor and wait.  
        "You are to do nothing until I return." The brunette said. "Sit up
   straight." She added with a tug on the collar.  Diane did, getting off her
   heels.  The brunette walked out of the room, and several long moment
   passed.  
        Two men entered the room and saw Diane. Both were naked, with hard
   cocks.  They walked over and looked at her.  Wordlessly, they began jerking
   their cocks, then after a few moments began talking lewdly. 
        "I'll bet you love to drink cum." The first one said.
        "I like her shaved cunt.", said the other, "I bet she loves it sucked
   by other girls." 
        "I'm gonna cum all over her little tits." The first said. "Drench her
   little tits with my sperm."
        "Yeah!", the other replied, "I'll soak her face."
        They came almost together, and Diane knelt there, feeling their warm
   sperm splash against her body.  The thick sperm ran down over her tits,
   warming her right nipple, just missing her left one.  The second man came,
   his sperm washing her face, lips, and chin.  Some of his sperm Diane could
   taste leaking past her lips. It was salty and somewhat bitter.  She
   swallowed what had entered her mouth, savoring the taste.   
        The two men left, and Diane licked her lips off, tasting the cum
   again. Two more men entered, made some comments to each other, and one of
   them left.  The remaining man stroked his semi-hard cock until the other
   returned.  The two approached her and began jerking off. 
        "You're such a sexy looking, sperm-covered little slut.", one man said
   to Diane. 
        "If you open your mouth real wide, we'll both cum in it." the other
   said, grinning. 
        Diane contemplated opening her mouth, but she'd been instructed not to
   do anything.  Several other men walked into the room, along with the
   redhead from the living room.  There was some discussion about Diane not
   opening her mouth.  The redhead knelt, then squeezed her fingers together
   around Diane's slick jaw, forcing her mouth open, and her lips to contort.  
        "Oh yeah! Hold her like that!", one man said, stroking his cock hard.
        The redhead knelt there, holding Diane's face.  One by one, each man
   began to spurt.  Some were gushers, covering Diane's face with their sperm,
   while others spurt just a little, most of it landing on her lap.  One drop
   slithered down her bare mons, stopping to entangle itself in the small tuft
   of blonde hair just above her clit.  
        One man turned and jizzed the redhead's firm round tits heavily,
   making the redhead thrust her tits forward.  In all, eight men jerked off
   into Diane's face while the redhead held her mouth open.  As the last of
   the men drifted off, the redhead released Diane's mouth. 
        Diane's tongue and lips were covered with thick, white sperm, and she
   swallowed the large pool that had collected in her mouth.  She looked at
   the redhead who was licking it off her fingers.   
        The redhead had firm, round tits and freckles that ran down her
   cleavage.  She smiled at Diane, then pressed Diane's sperm-covred face to
   her equally sperm-drenched nipples.  "Suck them." She whispered.  Diane
   did, sucking them hard.  After a few moments, the redhead pulled away and
   reached down, fingering Diane's sopping slit and making her cum.   
        The redhead stood in front of Diane, and pressed Diane's face to her
   reddish-orange bush, rubbing herself all over Diane's spermy face, and
   getting white droplets of jizz in her bush in return.  On her way out, the
   redhead passed the returning corseted brunette.   
        The brunette wordlessly took her back downstairs, into another room
   that was crowded with naked, sweaty bodies.  Diane felt the wristlets
   coming off, and the brunette kneeled and remove the anklets too.  
        "You've passed our induction tests well Diane.", she began, standing
   to remove the collar, "and now you're free to do as you wish." 
        Diane looked at the brunette's azure eyes, a hot, burning stare.  She
   reached out and grabbed the brunette's corset, right between her full
   breasts.  
        "Get on the floor." Diane hissed.  The brunette smiled and got down,
   letting Diane lower her pussy over her face. "Now suck my cunt bitch.",
   Diane commanded.  
        The brunette willingly began licking and sucking Diane's bare cunt,
   probing with her tongue, flicking her clit.  Diane shuddered with a mini-
   orgasm.  Looking up she caught the eye of a well hung man and motioned him
   over.  
        "Fuck this slut's twat and fill her full of cum.", Diane commanded.
   The man needed no further instruction, but began fucking the brunette hard
   and fast. Diane turned around, brushing the brown hair off the woman's full
   tits.  The brunette's nipples were indeed dark brownish, and large. Diane
   began pulling the nipples and squeezing them.  A moan vibrated against her
   sopping cunt, making Diane smile.  The man held the woman's legs up, and
   Diane pulled them back. "Fuck her. Fuck her hard and deep.", Diane hissed. 
        The man groaned and slammed deep into the brunette, then orgasmed,
   shooting his thick cum deep inside her bushy twat.  Diane waited a moment,
   then pushed the man away.  She lowered her still sperm-covered face to the
   brunette's cunt and began sucking, licking the fresh sperm from her soaking
   wet box.  The brunette orgasmed over and over, flooding Diane's face with
   cum, hers and the man's.   
        Diane felt something wet splatter against her ass, asshole and
   cuntlips, then run down her slit. Someone had cum on her from behind, and
   the brunette didn't let a drop go unclaimed, even that on her puckered
   anus.  Diane rolled off after a few more minutes, and watched another man
   point his average looking cock at the brunette's full tits, then shoot long
   thick streams of jism over her nipples.  The sperm ran in six different
   directions, down the sides of the woman's tits.  Diane began licking the
   thick warm cum off, sucking on those luscious nipples at the same time.   
        A long, thick cock slid up Diane's cunt and began pumping her fast.
   Diane fingered her clit and came three times before he shot what felt like
   a gallon of cum into her cunt.   
        "Eat that cum out of my cunt you fucking slut!" Diane said harshly,
   and then sat on the brunette's face, rubbing her sopped snatch all over
   her.  The brunette moaned and fingered herself to orgasm, giving Diane
   several in the same amount of time.   
        Exhausted, Diane collapsed next to the brunette, sweating and panting
   for breath.  The brunette rolled onto her side and began lovingly licking
   the cum from Diane's face.  After about ten minutes of resting and
   caressing, they looked at each other.  
        The brunette smiled at Diane, kissed her lightly once again. "Are you
   ready to go home hon?", She asked. 
        "Hmmm, I guess so." Diane replied sleepily. "You can eat my pussy any
   time you want to, Debi." 
        Debi helped her sister up from the floor and they kissed again, then
   headed for the showers, and home. 

--
