Archive-name: Bondage/pmachine.txt
Archive-author: John Savage
Archive-title: Pleasure Machine, The


I would like to tell you of a device that I have made.  A device designed
to give an extreme amount of pleasure to its user.  Some might call it a
technique rather than a device.  Whatever they call it, everyone agrees
that it is a wonderful PLEASURE MACHINE.
 
The idea started a few months back at a party the Nelsons gave for a
few couples who, like my wife and I, enjoy a little of the old bondage and
discipline now and then.  The Bennetts were there also and we had reached
the point where all three girls were bound hand and foot and we were taking
turns using the girls to suck our pricks.  I recall that Nora was lying
alongside Mark on the fur rug sixty-nining like mad, Monique was lying face
down on the sofa with her face in Tom's lap working over his penis in her
unique style, and Karen was kneeling in front of me as I sat in one of the
easy chairs.  Karen had to lean forward to reach my prick.  Since her arms
were bound behind her back and her legs tied together, she had trouble
keeping her balance.  That resulted in her falling forward every now and
then and driving my prick deeper into her throat - a most pleasant feeling.
 
Since Monique (who was servicing Tom) is my wife, Nora (servicing
Mark) is Tom's wife and Karen is Mark's wife, you can get the idea that we
all were pretty friendly.  Actually, the sharing was the men's idea, and
the women protested.  There was really nothing they could do about it;
after all, they were bound hand and foot!  They still protest, but I think
that they would complain louder than we would if the practice were to
stop.
 
As I was saying, there we were with Karen doing a fair job on my
hard-as-steel rod when Mark came over and whispered something in her ear.
She immediately dropped my prick and started protesting.
 
You wouldn't! You know that I don't like it.  It hurts!"
 
Mark just pointed at my prick.  Karen reluctantly picked it up in her
mouth, muttering about what a bastard he was just before her lips closed
around it.  She began working on it again but kept her eyes on Mark with a
hateful look.
 
"You see, John, there is a way of getting Karen to do a much better
blowjob.  Of course, she doesn't like it because it involves the use of a
SMALL amount of pain."  Karen grunted in anger at his emphasis of the word
small.  "First off, you should slide down in the chair so your butt rests
on the edge of the chair.  Put your legs together and under Karen."
 
He arranged Karen so that her mouth was still wrapped around my rod,
her body resting on my legs with her cunt against my toes and her knees and
lower legs against the floor.  Because her hands were tied behind her back
and her legs also tied at both the knees and the ankles, she had trouble
keeping her balance so Mark added a rope to help hold her on.  It ran
around her left arm near the shoulder, around the back of the chair and was
tied to her right arm.  Before he tied the knot, he pulled the rope very
tight, driving it up into her armpits.
 
I now had a delightful view from the back of her head along her
tightly bound arms to her round, smooth ass and down to her tied ankles.
Mark went to his pants and took the leather belt out of them.  Karen had
been continuing her tongue work on me all this time, but when Mark returned
with the belt she froze.  I could see her buttocks clenching in
anticipation of a swat and I could feel her mouth tighten on my prick,
although she was still careful not to let her teeth dig in.
 
Mark waited and Karen waited with her eyes closed and her ass tensed.
Mark gave me a smile of pure meanness and brought the belt down hard on
Karen but on the unprotected soles of her feet, not the expected target.
Karen let out with a whelp and, as if it had been a starter's gun, took off
sucking my prick faster than I've ever seen.
 
"The whole idea is, of course, that I will beat her ass," he
demonstrated with a blow across that target, "until she makes you climax.
Have fun!"
 
Mark settled down to one hard slap of the belt every two or three
seconds.  Karen had her eyes wide open and whined every time the leather
made contact, but she didn't let that interfere with her work.  I was sure
that the belt was hurting her from the way her ass was turning redder and
redder and the way she was doing everything she could to make me come. She
ran that tongue around and around the head of my prick so fast that I
thought the skin would come off.  She sucked hard and stroked the ridge on
the underside of the head until it was sending tingles shooting up my
prick.
 
I vaguely remember half-closing my eyes then watching the little
shock waves spread out in the soft flesh of her ass every time the belt
landed.
 
I can only begin to tell you what a feeling that is to have a woman
being whipped just to satisfy you.  The extra, frantic effort that she puts
out, the knowledge that she will continue to be whipped as long as you can
hold out, that coupling of her pain so directly with your pleasure; these
are beautiful things.
 
Just about the time that the buzz was beginning in my balls she
shifted to a movement of her whole mouth along my prick.  She built this
up, faster and faster until my prick felt ready to explode, then there was
no way I could hold off any longer even if my life had depended on it. The
sexual bomb exploded in my balls and shot down to the head of my prick.
She switched quickly to a gulping motion and swallowed all my cum as fast
as I could pump it out.
 
Mark continued with the belt until my now-limp tool was out of Karen's
mouth and she had completely cleaned it off.  He untied her shoulders from
the chair then gagged her and rolled her off in a corner as is our practice
when a girl has just finished satisfying a man.


CHAPTER II

It was a few minutes before I felt up to it, but when I could, we set up
Monique on Tom and let them both experience the pleasure/pain this little
trick can produce.  After them, I beat Nora's pretty little ass until she
made Mark come.  Nora and Monique weren't quite as good or as fast as
Karen so their behinds were much redder and sorer.  We piled all three
girls, still bound, of course, onto the king-sized bed and took off
their gags so they could discuss the new game and so Karen could tell
the others some of her little tricks to end the game faster.  Tom,
Mark and I went back to the front room for a drink and our own
discussion of how we could make this new game last longer.
 
It was a couple of weeks later while I was relaxing one evening in one
of my usual relaxing positions; Monique with her hands tied behind her,
her ankles bound together and her mouth filled with my prick.  The idea
suddenly occurred to me that Monique was doing her usual good job, but
I remembered how much better it could be.
 
I slid my belt out of my pants and managed to get Monique in a position
on her knees where I had a clear swing with one hand. The first blow
surprised her so much that she almost bit my prick.  The second blow
she was waiting for and grabbed the belt with one of her bound hands.  I
had to wrestle it away from her.  One might almost think she didn't want
to be beaten!
 
The whole process just didn't work out the same as it had at the party.
When I wasn't wrestling the belt away from her, I was pulling her back
up on my legs.  Besides, it was just too distracting to have to do my
own whipping.  I finally gave up and gave her a plain, old spanking
followed by a plain, old screwing.
 
The whole next day at the office I couldn't get the idea out of my mind
that there must be a way to whip your slavegirl while she works on you.
By the end of the day I thought I had the answer.  I stopped off in a
secondhand store and picked up an electric fan.
 
It took only a half hour to complete the device I had in mind but it
wasn't until nearly bedtime that I had the chance to test it.  To begin,
I ordered her to remove all her clothes and kneel before me.  Since this
is not an unusual order she obeyed without any idea that something
special was up.  To begin the bondage I crossed her wrists behind her
back but high on the back between her shoulderblades.  This way is very
good if you want tight bondage and the slave to not be able to move
her arms at all.  It is always a hard job to get her wrists up there
and tie them but I forced them into the strained position and wrapped
some rope around her shoulders and neck so her arms couldn't be pulled
back down.
 
I guess Monique could tell that she was in for something painful because
she gave me one of her Please-Have-Pity-On-Little-Me looks.  She usually
gets her hands tied this way when she is about to get a spanking; it
keeps her hands away from her ass, and that's good when you want an
unrestricted target.
 
I threw her face down on the bed and tied her legs to the railing so
they were spread wide.  A wide leather belt went around her torso
halfway between her elbows and shoulders.  It crushed her breasts and
pressed her arms into her back when I tightened it down, but it gave me a
handle  on which to tie a rope that then ran up and over the hook in the
ceiling over the bed.  It pulled her body a foot off the bed and held it
there.  Some tickling on the bottom of her feet confirmed that she was
thoroughly helpless.
 
Now came the special device I had made.  First, I had nailed the fan
to a wooden board about one and a half foot square.  The fan was one of
those small electric jobs that blow air at you and turn slowly from side
to side.  I had removed the metal guards from around the blades then
drilled a small hole in the tip of each of the four blades.  In this hole
I tied a strip of leather about twelve inches long.  When the fan is
turned on these strips fly around in a wide circle and sting if they
hit.  The fan had three speeds from slow to fast so the force of the
blows and the speed at which they come can be regulated.
 
The device is simple by itself but the fun comes when you put it in a
position to strike your slave's bottom, which is just what I did.  I
slid the board between her legs until the leather strips were close
enough to strike a good portion of her bottom.  Making sure that there
was no way the blades could hit her, I turned the fan on the slow
setting and adjusted it so that its sideward sweep would cause the
leather strips to cover almost all of her ass.
 
The effect was immediate and surprising.  First thing I noticed was that
the thin leather strips striking a bare ass make an unusual sound;
sort of a cross between a THWATCH and a SWISH.  Looking closely I could
see that it was because the leather was hitting the skin then being
dragged along the skin for a distance.
 
The second thing that I noticed immediately was that she was wiggling her
ass in a most delightful way while trying to escape the tiny whips.
 
                                         (continued next week)

--
