Copyright  © 1997, Pedros,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.


                                    THE POKER GAME

                                              Chapter 2


                  Jimmy was the first to break the silence.
                  "Gosh, Uncle Matt. What happened?  That felt really weird."
                   I reluctantly released his still hard penis from my mouth and pushed myself upright. I remained kneeling between his spread legs and put my hands underneath each of his knees, gently stroking the smooth skin. I could see a thread of glistening fluid going from his penis to a little bubble of clear liquid on his bare pubic mound and I could also taste the fresh sweet taste of him on my tongue. I knew what had happened to him.
                   "You’ve just had an orgasm, Jimmy. You are growing into a man and that is what happens when men get sexually aroused. Our penises get stiff when we are excited, as you know, and we ejaculate, or come, like we both just did then, if we are excited more. It feel good?"
                    "It sure did. Wow!" He raised his head and looked at me. "Did you 'orgasm’ too?"
                     I looked down at my semen streaked thighs and my slowly softening penis resting between them, still oozing my creamy essence. "I certainly did, Jimmy. One of the best I have ever had. You certainly excited me. I guess you have for a long time. I love you, Jimmy."
                      "I love you, too, Uncle Matt. I have ever since I can remember. I have been having dreams about us lately, getting stiff, hugging and stuff  and I’d wake up and my thing would be really stiff and leaking like your’s does; and I keep thinking about you and your penis when it’s big and hard and I wanted you to touch me and things like that...." 
                   He paused to take breath and I realised the lad was as overwhelmed as I was.  And as nervous. What had happened between us had changed our relationship irrevocably. There was no way we could go back to what we were ... I didn’t want it to go back! 
                    I reached my hands out to him and he took them and pulled himself upright. I eased him onto my still sticky thighs, his legs each side of me, and hugged his nude body to me. He hugged me back as hard, not bothered by the sticky fluids beneath his buttocks or my penis leaking onto him as it curved upwards between us. His own still stiff little-boy shaft stuck up alongside my much larger organ. My hands cupped his rounded buttocks. He pressed himself against my t-shirt covered upper body and wriggled himself further into my bared lap, causing our penises and testicles to make firm contact. The feel of his hot young body against mine was indescribable. I had held him as close to me many times before, many times we were naked as well, often with erections. But this was the first time we had acknowledged the sexual side of our relationship so openly, the first time we had held each other as lovers, the first time we both knew what we really wanted from each other. And the feeling of this embrace was so different because of this knowledge.
                     What occurred from that moment on has been the most beautiful time of my life. Jimmy and I spent a wonderful weekend exploring and experiencing each other in that idyllic spot beside that swimming hole in the wilderness. It is now our very special place and every few months at least we go back there to enjoy it, and each other, once more.
                      One thing I discovered (amongst many others) on that weekend that has become an important and highly erotic aspect of our sexual experiences came about in a most unusual way.
                       After our first encounter we swam and played around together naked in the pool until the sun was almost ready to set. We then finished setting up our camp and I began preparing our meal while Jimmy organised the sleeping bags in our tent. I had lit the gas lamp and was squatting naked by the camp stove heating up a stew when Jimmy backed a little way out of the tent so he could smooth out the sleeping bags. 
                       I happened to look across to the tent, which was only a few feet away, just as Jimmy backed out and I was entranced by the sight. Sticking out from between the flaps of the hiking tent was the most perfect little boy butt one could wish for. The gas lamp lit him like a spotlight and I gazed in wonder at the beauty of him. His skin glowed tan in the light, his anus a puckered little rosette set in a slightly paler band of flesh between his spread rounded globes. His delicate ball sac swung below, his testes small oval eggs clearly defined within the soft skin, the ridge of his perenium visibly dividing his scrotum into two parts. The head of his penis, which appeared to have finally gone down, could be seen dangling below his  testicles. 
                          My eyes touched each of these wondrous parts then followed down the smooth hairless thighs and calves to his two feet. My gaze fastened on these two appendages and my penis stiffened. I recalled the feel of Jimmy’s foot on my organ earlier that afternoon and I suddenly realised that his feet were a source of immense sexual excitement to me.
                         Because of the way he was kneeling, the souls of his feet were towards me, highlighted by the glare from the lamp. His toes were bent under and his feet arched under the strain. His heels were rounded, his ankles slim and my fingers ached to stroke him. My penis stood solidly upright at the thought and I removed the stew from the stove and moved to the tent.
                        I reached out and took hold of Jimmy’s foot. He began to turn and back out of the tent at my touch, but I put my other hand on his buttock, gently holding him where he was and told him to stay just like he was. He did as I asked and I slowly slid the hand on his buttock down his thighs to join my other on his right foot. I cradled it in both hands and gently eased it back, stretching his leg behind him until his foot was in my lap. The touch of it against my penis again caused my pre-cum to begin its slow flow and sent a delightful shiver through my body. 
                        I raised his foot towards me, my fingers gently massaging across its top, feeling the tendons and fine bones encased beneath the warm flesh. I stroked down towards his toes, taking each one in my fingers as I cradled his foot in my other hand.
          I began with his little toe, working my fingers around the little stub that it was, feeling its bulbous shape like a bubble of muscle with a tiny nail attached. I ran my fingers between it and the next toe, gently squeezing it as I moved along the crease beneath. I saw the muscles in Jimmy’s bare leg quiver slightly and I felt him wriggle his foot as I moved to the next toe. I grasped this longer toe between my index finger and thumb and softly rubbed up its length as though I was masturbating it. It felt hard and warm  with only a thin layer of flesh between the young bone and his skin. I moved on to his next toe, spreading them as I went from one to the other. This toe was the same length as his fourth, both slender and seemingly delicate, lightly fleshed but strong, nevertheless, as I found as he resisted against my manipulations. I caressed around, between, beneath and along both toes, continuing the mastubatory rubbing like I had done previously. Jimmy was beginning to squirm a little as I fondled him and I watched his rear slowly rotating as his buttocks clenched and relaxed rhythmically. His tiny sphincter pulsated in harmony. 
                    I finally moved to his big toe and a bolt of excitement coursed through me as I held that organ within my hand, wrapping my fingers around it like a cocoon. Unable to prevent myself, I leaned forward and ran my tongue along Jimmy’s upraised sole. My penis jerked and I almost came as I experienced the wonderful taste and texture of that young foot.  I licked all over the firm, slightly roughened skin and Jimmy wriggled in pleasure, leaning forward in the tent so that his naked buttocks were thrust upwards towards me. My gaze was riveted on that delightful sight while my other senses revelled in the new pleasure I had discovered. 
                  I lavered his entire foot with my saliva while I masturbated his big toe within my fingers. I took each toe in turn into my mouth, washing around every millemetre of each one, sucking on it as I had his penis a little earlier that afternoon. I stroked and tugged his big toe before finally reaching it with my mouth and replacing my hand with my mouth. The feel of his big toe in my mouth was incredible. It was like sucking a thick, stubby penis and I teased around it with my tongue as though it was, trying to dig into a non-existant urethra, feeling his water-softened nail and sliding my tongue along its  top as though it was the groove of his glans.
                    I slid my right hand along Jimmy’s leg, upwards until I was fondling his small testes. He was erect, his tiny boycock jutting out stiffly and my fingers found him. He shuddered as I took him between my thumb and fore-finger and began stroking him. I sucked harder on his big toe and my other hand grasped my own straining penis. It was covered in my juices and I began sliding my hand up and down its length in time with my strokes on Jimmy. I sucked in that same rhythm. The feelings rushing through me were unbelievable. I couldn’t have believed I could get such excitement from this young boy. As much as I had fantasized about him, the reality was way beyond imagination. 
                   I could hold back no longer. With an uncontrollable grunt my penis began spurting. A jet of cream erupted from it and sprayed over Jimmy’s buttocks and my hand. A second followed immediately, arcing out in a stream to streak down the boy’s thigh, glistening white on his tanned skin. I gasped and pressed Jimmy’s foot back against my penis and my juices mingled with my saliva as I continued to ejaculate. 
                      I folded forward and pressed my mouth against Jimmy’s upturned buttocks. I lovingly bit the rounded globe just as I felt his little penis begin to spasm in my fingers. He gave a cry and began climaxing. I wrapped my hand around his penis, feeling his hot juices spurting and filling the cavity created. My own climax was enhanced by the feel of my young nephew’s come in my hand and more fluids spurted from me, running over my hand, his toes and foot and dribbling into my lap. 
                      Once again, time seemed to stand still as we gave ourselves over to the incredible feelings coursing through our bodies. I hoped Jimmy was feeling pleasure as intense as that flooding over me. By the way his young body was trembling I was fairly certain he was.
                      Gradually our climaxes eased and we both relaxed, Jimmy resting on his arms and upper body still inside the tent, his buttocks upthrust outside the flaps, my hand still cupped around and under his genitals, his foot clasped in my lap against my softening penis, my face resting on his bare buttocks. Our breathing and our heartbeats returned slowly to a more normal rhythm. 
                   Unconsciously I caressed Jimmy’s foot, stroking around and between his slender toes, pressing my penis onto him, massaging my slippery discharge over our skin. I rubbed my face softly against the slightly sweaty smoothness of his buttocks, turning to kiss his flesh as I moved across it. My nephew filled me with love and tenderness and I caressed around his now softened boy-sex and upwards underneath his belly, spreading his fluids as I moved over him. Neither of us spoke ... there was no need. He moved his foot gently in my lap, wriggling his toes against my hand and penis, letting me know he was enjoying what I was doing ... had done. My hands and fingers spoke to him, conveying to him my love and my desire for him.
                      It was from that wondrous moment that I realised how erotic a young boy’s feet were to me. Holding Jimmy’s foot, feeling it flexing and squirming in my bare lap, feeling it touch against my penis and testes, watching the toes wriggling between my fingers, caressing through my pubic hair like small fingers, was the most sensuous and erotically charged sensation I had ever experienced. I had always delighted in washing and drying his feet at bath time, tickling them when we played, or caressing and massaging them as we relaxed watching television of a night-time, but I had always thought my inevitable erections were from seeing and touching his body rather than from his feet. I now knew this was only partly the case. My powerful erections and the incredible climaxes I had experienced on this day I knew were because, both times, I had held and made love to my young lover’s foot.
                    Later that evening, after we had come back down to earth, had had tea and were sitting naked around a camp fire, Jimmy leaning back against me between my outspread legs, my hands resting lightly in his lap, gently caressing his stiff organ (it seemed to be permanently stiff since our first  sexual encounter), I spoke to him about it. To my surprise, he was delighted and he told me it gave him as much pleasure as it did me and he wanted me to use his feet as much as the rest of him when we made love. I promised I would and we have done ever since that day.
                    "Hey, Uncle Matt! Are you awake or what?"
                     "Wha? ... Sorry, Jimmy. I was just reminiscing." I came back to the present with a start at Jimmy’s question. I had drifted off along with my thoughts. I reached out and stroked my boy’s leg and was rewarded with him lifting his foot up beside me on the couch. He was wearing a pair of gym shorts with no underpants, and raising his leg brought his beautiful genitals into my view through the gap in their leg. Neither of us wore underpants around the house and most times we would be naked if we knew we would be alone. We were not alone today, though, I remembered, resisting the urge to run my hand under Jimmy’s shorts to fondle him. He knew what was going on in my head and he smiled, opening his leg wider to tease me.
                     "The other guys are here, Uncle Matt. I managed to get three to come over." He lowered his voice conspiratorally. "I think you’ll love them. And I think they will join in okay. It might take some coaxing, though."
                     Reluctantly I took my hand from Jimmy’s leg and sat up as he removed his foot from the couch. He had his Nike’s on without socks and unlaced, easy for me to remove if I needed to touch him. "Where are they?" I asked. "What have you been doing?"
                     "They’re in the kitchen having a drink. We’ve been playing video games but they’re sick of that. I told them I’d see if you’d have a game of cards with us." He smiled that cheeky grin of his. "They all like you, Uncle Matt. They want you to play with them."
                       I didn’t miss the meaning in Jimmy’s words. "Who did you bring home?" I asked him as I stood up.
                       "Todd Martin, Eric Williams and Dan Vanders," he replied.
                        My heart jumped. I knew the three of Jimmy’s friends. I had helped out on a cub camp several times and the three boys he had named were in his cub troop. I had somehow become their team leader, Baloo or something, and we had developed a strong bond through sharing many of the exercises set for the boys over the few days we were away. I had never done anything sexual with them, although we had showered in the same block and I had looked them all over once or twice. And I knew they had looked at me a few times as well, especially the time they walked into the shower cubicle while Jimmy and I were showering and my penis was responding to the sight of my young nephew bending over soaping his foot. It had been no use trying to hide my erection from the boys so I had just carried on washing myself as they undressed and got under the other faucets. I certainly felt them checking me out, though, when I wasn’t looking at them. And I even thought I’d seen young Danny’s own penis getting stiff while he looked at mine, but he’d turned away quickly when he saw me  looking at him and I’d only caught a glimpse.
                     Nothing had ever been said since that day, but Jimmy did confide in me later that the size of my erection came up many times after that in discussions between the boys when they were alone. He told me they had even asked him whether he saw me like that often and he’d told them he did. I hadn’t known how to respond to that comment and expressed my concern to Jimmy that what we did at home was just between him and me and he needed to be careful about what he said. He had become upset at that and reassured me he had not told them what
we did but that they had wanted him to say he saw me stiff a lot and so he had. And it wasn’t a lie! He had looked so unhappy that he thought he had made me cross with him that my heart melted and I had hugged him to me, telling him it was okay, that I wasn’t angry or upset. I told him I was, in fact, rather flattered that my penis was the subject of boys’ discussions and that they obviously liked what they had seen. He had brightened up at that and that was when he suggested I might like him to bring boys over some time for me to 'have fun’ with. I told him I was perfectly happy 'having fun’ just with him and thought no more about it.
                        But Jimmy had; and over the next few weeks he raised it several times until I finally realised that he wanted it to happen. Not just for me, but for himself. When he sensed me wavering, he began to pester me more until I finally agreed, on the strict condition that he had to be very certain that the boys he brought home were boys he knew would keep it to themselves, whatever happened in our home. If he could assure me of that, I’d make no more objections. Jimmy was overjoyed and he promised he would only bring boys who talked about me to him and that he liked and trusted. What happened once the boys were at our place was up to me, but he also let me know when we were in bed together that night that he would not mind sharing me with his friends and he would like to help me if I wanted him to.
                    And so our bargain had been struck and was now coming to fruition. This was the first afternoon Jimmy had organised. I put my arm around his shoulders and hugged him to me.
                     "Then I guess I’d better go in the kitchen and 'play with them’ then, shouldn’t I?"    
                      He laughed and hugged into me. "And I’ll come and help you."
                      We walked out to the kitchen, both of us excited by what might eventuate over the next couple of hours.

To be continued...............

--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
