Copyright  © 1997, Pedros,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.


                                     THE POKER GAME


                   
                                               CHAPTER 5



                        I dealt the cards for the next hand. It was rather hard to concentrate on the game because of what had happened - what was happening. Todd had moved his chair closer to Eric and kept glancing down at the youngster’s lap and at his hand, the one that had received Eric’s juices. I was very conscious of Dan stealing glances at my leaking penis and of the fleshy pole making the tent in his underpants. Jimmy had a secret smile on his face and I knew he was pressing himself under the table with the hand that wasn’t visible. What a delightfully erotic tableaux we made, two nude boys and a naked man and two boys bare to the waist. But we were going to finish the game.
                         Jimmy lost the hand and, to the quips of the boys, stood up and slipped his shorts down to his feet. He wore no underclothes, as I already knew, and his beautiful boy-cock sprang into view. He put his hands behind his head and thrust his groin out, his hard little rod pointing almost vertical, his delightfully full little testes dangling beneath. All eyes fastened on it and Jimmy wriggled his hips making everything sway and the boys clapped. I saw Dan was licking his lips and his hand was in his lap as he looked at my nephew. His breathing had quickened. He was now the only one of us not naked.
                        Jimmy finally sat down, after flaunting himself at each of us once again and Dan was able to concentrate back on the game. It was his deal. We played the hand out and Jimmy lost again.
                         "Ah ha!" Dan said triumphantly when he saw the cards. "I win and you lose, buddy! I know exactly what forfeit you have to do, Jimmy. I want you to sit in the middle of the table, facing me, and you have to try to suck your toe!"
                          I wondered, at that moment, whether Jimmy had told Danny about the pleasure he and I got from our feet and the boy was trying to let us know he was excited by that, too. He had been playing close attention when Jimmy and I were sucking on Eric’s toes and he did start leaking pre-cum after that. My heart raced. This was turning out way beyond my wildest expectations.
                          Jimmy did not protest his forfeit but sat up on the table facing Danny (and facing me as well). He had his legs bent and apart, his genitals displayed right before our eyes. His feet were flat on the table in front of us. He smiled knowingly at Dan then took his right foot in his hand and raised it up towards his mouth, straining to bring his head forward, his back curved. The movement spread his legs even wider and I saw Danny glancing down to see what was being exposed as Jimmy leaned further and further back. Jimmy’s penis was sticking against his belly, the underside of its circumcised red-plum head glistening with the fluids it had been leaking. It had grown bigger since he and I had first had sex and it was now about four inches long and about as thick as two of my fingers. There was a faint trace of a thickening blue vein running crookedly up its length, a sign of his maturing, and a thin brown line running down the ridge, across his scrotum and into the valley between his legs. I had lately delighted in tracing that vein and that line with the tip of my tongue when we were in bed together and the sight of them created that same urge now. I held myself in check, though, just watching my nephew complete his forfeit.
                  He had almost raised his foot to his mouth, his hands clasped around his heel and his foot arching back, his toes stretched out. I wondered whether he would be able to do it. His legs were stretched wide in order to raise his foot high enough and his testes hung against the groove between his buttocks. The encased boy-eggs were clearly visible beneath the stretched, thin skin of his scrotum and they pulled up into his groin as he strained.
                 Suddenly he lost balance and rolled onto his back. He stopped himself from slipping over by using the leg on the table and his right arm to steady himself while he kept hold of the raised leg. His buttocks were now off the table and his anus was exposed to us below his testes. I loved the sight of that little puckered opening almost as much as I did of his penis and I saw Dan staring at it, his mouth opened slightly and the tip of his tongue protruding. He became aware of me looking at him and he glanced my way, our eyes locking. I took hold of my penis and looked back at my nephew, glimpsing Dan’s eyes dropping to my lap then back up to Jimmy.
                  He had managed to pull his toe into his mouth and Todd and Eric clapped as he began sucking on it. It was an incredible sight, this naked eleven year old on his back, one leg arched, it’s foot flat on the table, the other leg dragged back over his body exposing every secret part of himself so blatantly, his big toe in his mouth and him sucking on it as though it was a baby’s dummy. Jimmy was finding it exciting as well and I could see his erection leaking his clear fluids onto his wrinkled belly flesh.
                I stood up and reached out to press my hand on the under-thigh of the leg he was holding. I placed my hand where his thigh joined his buttock, my little finger lying in the groove of his groin, the edge of his splayed scrotum resting on it, and pushed gently, taking some of the strain from him, enabling him to take the end of his foot in his mouth. He sucked on each toe in turn. We all watched as he swirled his tongue between and under each toe, his eyes closed, his face flushed. Watching him, I could feel him in my mouth, feel my tongue caressing those bony extremities, sliding between them, pressing them against the roof of my mouth, nibbling at their tips with my teeth. Saliva filled my mouth and I had to swallow. Jimmy opened his eyes and looked straight at me as though he was reading my thoughts. I guess he would know what I was thinking.
                    He released his foot and let his leg lower with my help until he was stretched out on his back on the table. A thin thread of pre-cum stretched from above his navel to the slit in the end of his erect penis. I took it off with my finger as I slid my hand from under him and touched it to my mouth, savouring the sweet taste of my boy-lover. The other three boys made no comment, but I knew they were watching; and I saw Todd put his hand up to his mouth, the one that had been holding Eric, and tentatively touch it with his tongue. I hoped Eric tasted as sweet.
                    Jimmy swung himself unashamedly around and stood up off the table and resumed his seat. "Show’s over," he exclaimed. "We’ve still got someone with clothing on. Your deal, Eric."
                     Eric shuffled and dealt. He was blushing. He had seen me tasting Jimmy’s discharge and then seen Todd lick his finger and knew what he was doing it for. It embarrassed him to think that someone wanted to taste the stuff that came out of his penis. He concentrated on his cards.
                     The hand was played and Dan was the loser. At last! I was finally going to get to see this beauty in all his glory. He stood, this young muscley Adonis. The front of his underpants now had quite a damp patch at the peak of his jutting shaft and his pink flesh was visible against the material.
                      "I can’t see you properly," said Jimmy. "Why don’t you stand up on the table to strip? You’re the last one to get their gear off, so there’s no need to be shy about it....not after what Eric and I have done."
                      Dan appeared to be reluctant to do that but Todd and Eric joined Jimmy’s exhortation and he eventually agreed, much to my delight. He climbed up onto his chair and stepped up onto the table. His head almost touched the ceiling.
                     How beautiful he looked from my position below him. I remained seated and had leaned back in the chair to look up at him, my stiff penis pointing its slick head skywards, my scrotum hanging loosely between my spread legs. The heat and excitement generated by the afternoon’s proceedings caused all of us to be coated with a fine film of sweat and my skin glistened. I gazed up at Dan, taking in his blonde hair hanging forward over his finely chiselled face, his broad shoulders and chest, tanned and muscled, his slim flat belly with its indented navel, cloth covered groin tented and bulging, his firm thighs, smooth and tapered, his shins and rounded calves devoid of body hair, slim ankles and beautifully formed and symetrical feet and toes. I feasted on his extremities, my tongue wanting to taste his young flesh, wanting to slide between his toes, wanting to caress beneath his sole. 
                        Suddenly his pale yellow briefs dropped down, covering his feet. Only his toes were visible. I could see him quivering. I dragged my eyes up his legs and there he was! At last he was standing naked and rampant before me! My heart leapt. He was everything I had envisaged, everything I had hoped for.
                              The first thing I saw as I looked up was a deliciously full scrotum, smooth and loosely swaying, the oval eggs contained inside hanging unevenly, the right one slightly above the left. There was no hair at all on the delicately thin skin and Dan’s sperm tubes were outlined by the stretch of the skin over them from the weight of his testes. Thrusting stiffly outwards above was a most beautifully shaped penis. It was about five inches in length and almost an inch thick, gently tapering in thickness from the base to the circumcision ring clearly visible below his flared crown. His penis was at its thinnest just before the rim of his glans and the plum shaped head stood out proudly at its end. A shiny droplet of clear pre-cum decorated its point. A tiny cluster of delicate dark blonde pubic hairs sprouted from the fleshy mound at the base of his belly
                              My eyes, and those of the other three boys, searched every millimetre of the naked boy displaying his charms before us. I looked up at Dan’s face and he was staring straight at me, a sexy, teasing smile on his lips. He slowly turned around, allowing himself to be viewed from all angles. He had his feet apart and I gazed up between the cheeks of his buttocks as he turned, seeing the rose coloured dimple of his anus against the pale skin. I especially loved the crease beneath each buttock where it joined his smooth thighs. His buttocks were nicely rounded, his back darkly tanned and straight, his muscles beginning to show mature development.
                    My eyes travelled up, then down this superb young boy’s body, following his legs down to his heels. I could no longer resist the temptation. I leaned forward and clasped a heel in each hand, wrapping my fingers around the firm roundness to fold across his feet. I massaged the tendons and squeezed his feet whilst gazing up between his legs at the underside of his scrotum, noticing the two sharp ridges in the sac made by the cords running from each testicle up into his groin. My thumbs caressed the groove between his achilles tendon and his ankle and I could imagine they were caressing that groove in Dan’s scrotum. My penis was aching for release. 
                      I let go of Dan’s feet and stood up, my erection throbbing. "I suggest we end the poker game," I said. "There are much more exciting things I would like to see and do with you guys."
                        Jimmy smiled knowingly at me then spoke. "Yeah. I’ve had enough of cards. I’d like to do something to get rid of this," and he also stood up, his beautiful boyhood jutting stiffly upwards, its glans red and glistening. He wrapped his hand around his shaft and stroked himself, his eyes returning to Dan’s sex.
                       "Me, too," added Todd. He was leaning back in his chair and his long, thin penis curved back onto his belly. Eric and Dan also said they wanted something else besides the poker game, indicating their own erect penises. They looked towards me, awaiting my directions.  
                         Now was my opportunity and I took it.
                        "I guess you guys know I’m excited by you," I began, looking down at my leaking, rock-hard penis with a smile. The boys laughed. "That’s an understatement if ever I heard one," Dan commented. I grinned up at him and continued. "I would like to see all you guys come. I reckon you all will by the look of you. But I’d like to see it one at a time. Would you all be in it?" I looked around at them. They all nodded. "How about you going first, Todd?" I asked. Todd blushed.
                     "Go on, Todd," Eric urged him. "You were holding me when I came. Now I’d like to see you come. I wouldn’t mind holding you either ... to see what it feels like."
                      "I’ll do it. I’m not chicken or anything," Todd said. "It’s just I don’t know what to do." He sat up in his chair and looked at me.
                      "You won’t have to do anything, Todd. Except enjoy it. We’ll do it for you. Just lie up on the table on your back. No. It’s okay, Dan. You stay up there. Just squat alongside him." 
                      I arranged the two boys on the table, Todd flat out on his back, his legs dangling over the edge and Dan squatting on his heels at Todd’s head, his knees spread and his erection jutting out. Eric stood at the side of the table alongside Todd’s hips and Jimmy and I stood near Todd’s knees where his legs dangled down. 
                        "You rub and play with Todd’s nipples and chest, Dan. Just tug on them gently and rub lightly over them. Eric, you can have the pleasure of rubbing Todd’s penis. Wrap your fingers around it at the base. That’s right. Now slide your hand up and down it... hold a little bit firmer so you move the skin with you. That’s it. How does that feel, Todd?" 
                       Todd couldn’t answer beyond a grunt of pleasure. Dan was leaning over him, his penis only inches from Todd’s face. I would have liked to have swapped places but Jimmy and I had our own pleasures at this stage. We moved between Todd’s legs, our bodies touching, and spread him wide. We lifted each leg until his feet were raised above the table. He groaned as we opened his thighs, raising his lower body, exposing him to our eyes. His hairless groin was thrust up, Eric’s fingers wrapped around his slender shaft, his testes rolling back either side of his penal ridge and sitting like two eggs under his skin, the channel between his buttocks clean and smooth with just an indent at his opening.
                         Both Jimmy and I made love to his feet. They were like the rest of Todd, long and thin. His feet were white, the tendons sharply ridging their upper side, his toes elongated, the first three almost the same length. Even his little toe was long, almost the length of Eric’s big toe. Jimmy and I ran our fingers between each toe, massaging and stroking the fleshy pads, rubbing our thumbs into the sole and arch of his feet. We pressed the ends of our penises to the tip of his big toes and watched the thin thread of our pre-cum stretch between us as we withdrew. I then slid my penis between Todd’s big and fourth toes, spreading them wide with the thickness of my organ. How wonderful it felt, the pressure of him against me. I would have come if it had continued for much longer but Todd suddenly jerked away from me.
                          "He’s coming!" Eric cried out as Todd convulsed. I looked up just in time to see a powerful spurt of liquid shoot from the end of Todd’s penis, arc up into the air and curve back to splash onto his chest and face. It sprayed droplets onto both Eric and Dan and they jumped in surprise but did not cease what they were doing. Todd cried out as another spasm struck him and another gush of fluid sprayed out, this one streaking across his belly. Eric kept pumping the erupting organ his eyes glued to the slit in its end as a third spurt came out. It laid a thicker trail up his belly, leaving a couple of greyish streaks visible in the clear discharge. The next jerk caused a thicker sap to ooze out from the boy’s hole and dribble onto his belly in a creamy pool. That was the last of his discharge but his chest and stomach heaved from his exertions and we all stroked him as his breathing settled.
                    The end of Todd’s penis was bright red and shiny with his sperm and he groaned as Eric’s hand moved over it. He had finished ejaculating and I knew the glans would be super-sensitive so I reached over and stayed Eric’s hand, allowing my hand to hold Todd’s slowly softening penis. "Just caress his testes, Eric. Softly. That’s right. Everything is really sensitive so you must be very gentle." We stood around the lad as he gradually calmed.
                     "Wow!" he eventually breathed. "That was wild! What an incredible feeling. I can see why the older guys talk about it so much, now. Is it always like that?" He leaned up on his elbows and looked at me.
                      "Most times it is, Todd. Especially if you are really turned on and with someone you really want to have sex with. I don’t find masturbating is as exciting or as intense as if you are being masturbated, like Eric was doing to you, or being sucked."
                       "Being sucked?" Three pairs of eyes looked at me questioningly, the fourth with a knowing glint.
                        "I guess you have realised by now, I like young boys." They all smiled and nodded. "I guess you have also realised I like young boys’ feet." More nods. "I also like sucking young boys’ penises and tasting their sperm. Jimmy and I do it a lot, amongst other things we have come to like."
                         "You mean you suck on his thing? You suck it 'til it comes, like Todd’s and Eric’s did?" Dan looked intrigued. "Do you let him come in your mouth?"
                          "Yes. I like it when he does. And he likes me coming inside his."
                           "He does?" He turned to Jimmy. "Do you, Jimmy? Wow! What’s it like?" He looked at my nephew with excited interest. He was still kneeling on the table but Todd had sat up and climbed off and was standing beside Eric, his arm around the smaller boy’s shoulders. Todd’s penis was now soft, curving out from his bare pubes. Eric’s stubby sex was erect again, sticking out from under his puppy-fat plump pubic mound. He was holding himself. They were both listening with wide-eyed interest.
                           "Yeah," said Jimmy. "I love it. Why don’t you try it to find out for yourself?"
                         Dan blushed and looked abashed. "I... I don’t know... I wouldn’t know what to do..."
                          "Uncle Matt’ll show you. Won’t you Uncle Matt?" He smiled that wicked little smile at me and I loved him for it.
                          I smiled wickedly back at him. "I’ll show him ... and you, too. What I want you both to do is lie on the table, your heads opposite ends. Come on, Jimmy. Up on the table. That’s right. Now you lie this way," and I turned him with his head towards me, "And you lie that way, Dan."
                           The two beautiful naked lads were lying full length on the table, their feet at the head of the other. I moved around the table, opposite Todd and Eric, until I was standing beside Dan’s and Jimmy’s hips. They were lying on their backs, their penises pointing upwards. I gazed at them, both so delightful and so different. Jimmy with his hairless groin, his comparably smaller and thinner little-boy shaft so smooth and unblemished, his testes still under-developed yet wonderfully formed and loosely hanging in his soft scrotum; Dan with his lightly haired groin, his thicker and longer penis with its tumescent glans, his larger testes lying heavily between his thighs. I took each of their erections in my hands, gently rubbing the skin up and down.
                           "I would like you both to come in my mouth so I want you to turn towards each other so I can reach both of you at the same time." They did as I requested and I touched the ends of their penises together, mingling the discharge from Dan’s with that from Jimmy’s. I took both of them in one hand, using my other to move their groins closer together. 
                           "Dan, I want you to take Jimmy’s big toe in your mouth. Like Jimmy is doing to you," I added when I saw Jimmy was already ahead of me. He had taken Dan’s foot and put his mouth over his friend’s toe. I saw him begin sucking. "That’s right, Jimmy. You do that to Jimmy as well, Dan." 
                             Eric and Todd were standing arms around each other watching intently. Todd moved his hand down and took Eric’s little stiff penis in his hand and began rubbing it, not taking his eyes off the two boys on the table.
                           "Try to keep in rhythm with me," I told the boys and lowered my mouth over their two organs. I was holding their shafts turned sideways towards me, Jimmy’s pressing underneath Dan’s, their glans together. What an incredible sensation it was, having those two silky smooth bulbs within my mouth! I could taste the slightly salty flavour of their sweet juices mingled with the faint acidity of sweat and the smell of their excitement. I began sucking on those plums, my tongue swirling over their slits, around the flared rims, between the two satin globes. I could see both of them sucking on each other’s toes, making love to it as though it was their penises they were sucking. 
                         I fondled their testicles, manipulating them together, rolling them over each other’s and moved my mouth backwards and forwards over their penises as I sucked. Both boys began moving their bodies in time with my movements and I could feel their excitement building, their muscles starting to tense and harden.
                      Suddenly Dan jerked and I was rewarded with a spurt of fresh hot juice in my mouth. I swallowed and continued holding him and sucking as another stream of young sperm burst out and Dan gave a cry. Then Jimmy’s penis erupted and his familiar sweet spray joined Dan’s in my mouth.  I savoured each pulse of their organs jetting more of their fluids into me, some of it escaping and running down the join of their penises onto my hand and dripping onto their bellies to slide down towards the table. I dimly heard Eric cry out and caught a glimpse of wetness oozing from between Todd’s hand clenched around the boy’s sex and realised he, too, was climaxing. But my concentration was on the two boys I was pleasuring. My mouth was filled with the feel and taste of their combined gushing and I let it slowly permeate my senses, bringing an incredibly erotic sensation to my whole body. My own penis was achingly hard, my pre-cum oozing uncontrollably.
                          Dan and Jimmy finally ceased their ejaculating and lay still, keeping each other’s toes within their mouths, both of them stroking each other’s feet and legs. Then they relinquished the toes and turned on their backs, their penises slowly wilting, their breathing returning to normal. Dan was the first to speak.
                           "That was awesome, Matt," he said to me. "Now I know why you like it. And sucking your toe, Jimmy. It was like sucking on your thing. I think I’d like to do that some time. And I could feel you coming. It was unbelievable." He raised his head to look at my nephew, then looked back at me. "But what about you? We’ve all come, but you haven’t. I’d like to see you come, Matt." He looked at my erection. "You’re really hard and red and it looks like you are coming with all that stuff leaking out."
                          "He’s always like that," Jimmy said sitting up. "Let’s show them what we do, Uncle Matt. I reckon they’d like to watch us, wouldn’t you?" he asked the boys. They all nodded agreement.
                           Jimmy turned towards me and sat with his feet together and his knees splayed, leaning back onto his elbows. I knew what he wanted and I moved forward, taking his feet in my hands, keeping their soles pressed together. I leaned over and brought his feet to my mouth and ran my tongue over their join, spreading my saliva into the groove created, enjoying the taste and feel of his skin.
                          I eased my penis between the soles of his feet, the cream leaking from it coating Jimmy’s feet and combining with my saliva making a slippery passageway between them. My penis slid easily against his soft skin and I slipped its length into the tight passage made until my glans protruded from the other side. Eric and Todd moved to the end of the table so they could better see what was happening and Dan sat up beside Jimmy on the table. Having the three boys all looking at my penis between Jimmy’s feet and knowing they all wanted to see me ejaculate was an incredible turn-on for me and I knew I wasn’t going to take very long at all to satisfy them.
                               I squeezed Jimmy’s toes together as I began to draw myself backwards and forwards. Jimmy leaned back, his groin spread before me. I could see his half-erect organ moving with my thrusts and felt myself reaching that delicious high in a few intensely pleasurable moments. My eyes went back to watching myself sliding between his feet, my glans red and glistening each time it thrust out into the open. My testes slapped against his feet as I pushed forward. Then my thick shaft appearing each time I drew back, its hardness spreading a passage between his tender soles. And then I was there!
                               A wave of utmost pleasure began deep within my lower belly and coursed rapidly through my entire body, taking control. I thrust forward, pressing Jimmy’s feet hard against my pubes, my penis sticking out from between them like a swollen cannon. It was like a dam wall suddenly giving way and the water trapped behind it being released. My lower body convulsed and my pent-up sperm shot in a hard, sharp burst out of my penis. It arced up and out in a long thread, landing on Jimmy’s belly and groin and making a slimy trail on his tanned skin. I jerked again and a second streak followed, going even higher and splashing over his chest and nipples. I heard the boys gasp at the force of my ejaculation as my next discharge came, the thick white cream this time landing right on Jimmy’s penis and dripping down his flesh. 
                                I began moving myself again between Jimmy’s feet as my climax slowly abated. The sperm now just oozed from my penis, coating it and my nephew as I drew it backwards and forwards between his feet. Jimmy was looking down at himself and I saw Dan touch a finger to his little boyshaft and take a globule of my fluids there and then raise his finger to taste me in his mouth. He swirled my sperm around before he swallowed, a look of deliberation on his face. Then, to my surprise, he took more from Jimmy’s penis and licked it off his finger, obviously deciding I tasted okay. Then the others, who had been watching him, all joined in, Todd and Eric swiping some of me from Jimmy’s belly and chest while Jimmy, himself, took a thick glob from the end of my penis, putting it into his mouth with relish.
                            "Told you he tasted great, didn’t I?" he said to the others.
                            I pulled my self back from him in surprise and looked at him. "You what?" I said to him. It suddenly dawned on me that I had been set up.
                            "Jimmy told us what you and he did," Todd said, smiling. "But only after we made him," he added hastily when he saw the look of consternation I gave Jimmy.
                            "And only after we all had been talking about you and saying we’d like to see and touch your thing when it was hard after we saw you at camp," added Dan. "He told us not to say anything to anyone and he’d see if he could set up something. And we didn’t so he did! And this was it."
                         "I’m sorry, Uncle Matt," Jimmy said, "But I couldn’t help it. They really did want to see you and I knew you would like it. I know we had our agreement but the guys won’t say a word to anyone. I know that."
                          I stood there, nude, my penis wilting, looking around at four young naked boys all looking guiltily at me. As much as I wanted to, I couldn’t be cross at Jimmy for telling his friends. It was because of that I had got to see and touch the most beautiful boy flesh in the neighbourhood and, from what we had already done, there was every possibility there would be many more Saturday afternoons of fun and pleasure for all of us.
                     I smiled at them. "I guess its okay, Jimmy. As long as you all respect each other and don’t involve others. Is that a pact?"
                     "That’s a pact," they chorused and then crowded around me in a delightful group hug. As my arms encircled their soft flesh and they pressed their fronts against me, I kissed Jimmy, who was pressed tightly against my front and whispered into his ear, "Thanks, little buddy. But wait until I get you alone, later!"
                     "I can’t wait!" he whispered back with a smile.



                                                 THE END 


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....