     Tonight is Poker Night, and you have spent all day 
preparing, just as I instructed before I left for work in the 
morning.  First, you have carefully cleaned the house, set up 
the table, got out the cards and chips, and made sure there is 
plenty of food and drink.  Then you spent all afternoon 
preparing you body, knowing that I will find exciting ways for 
you to serve this evening.  You trimmed your pussy the way that I 
have ordered you to, carefully shaving all around your lips, 
leaving only a closely cropped mound at the top.  Then you 
soaked your long, voluptuous body in the bath, dreaming about 
the pleasures you will surely experience tonight.  You slowly 
stroke your cunt, while thinking about serving a group of horny 
guys playing cards, attending to their needs, plus whatever else 
you know that I will command.  You make yourself hot and wet, 
but do not let yourself cum, just as I ordered this morning.  
After preparing the food, you dress in the outfit that I layed 
out for you this morning - black lace push-up bra, your shortest 
black silk miniskirt, black stockings with lace tops that stay 
up without garters, red pumps with 3 inch heels, and no panties.  
You leave your blonde hair loose, it looks golden against your 
skin, contrasting with your outfit.  And finally, your prettiest 
jeweled collar.  You admire yourself in the mirror, hoping that I 
will be pleased with your appearance. 
 
     As you hear my footsteps in the hall, you hurry to your 
place to greet me as you do each night; kneeling in the hall, 
eyes lowered.  I enter and look you over.  You can feel my eyes 
on you, knowing I am enjoying the scent of your expensive 
perfume, when I touch you hair - "Well done, you have pleased 
me," I say.  You smile with pleasure as I tell you to get me a 
drink.  You bring it to me, and I take a long swallow, then fish 
out an ice cube and slip my hand under your skirt, sliding the 
cube along your pussy lips.  Your legs tremble and your nipples 
stiffen against your bra.  "Say, you really are a horny little 
cunt, aren't you?  I bet you can't wait to have all those cocks 
here."  I chuckle, give you a sharp slap on the ass, and tell you 
to take your place at the door to greet my guests.  You stand at 
the door, eyes lowered, and let each one in as they come, one at 
a time, over the next half hour.  Each man gives you warm 
greeting or whistle, and you flush with excitment. 
 
     Soon all 5 guests have arrived, and we sit down at the 
table and begin to play.  You bring food and drink for everyone, 
serving while we play in earnest.  As you serve each man, you 
lean over and your soft hair and lacy bodice is right in front 
of their faces for them to look.  "Go ahead guys, enjoy!," I say. 
"If you see anything you like, just help yourselves.  Believe me, 
this cunt will love it!"  While you serve, they all freely fondle 
you as you come to each in turn to refill a glass or bring more 
food.  Some squeeze your breasts and flick your hard nipples with 
their fingers, while others stroke your thighs or ass.  When you 
come to me, I order you to lift your skirt and show them your 
pussy, then have you turn and bend over, so every man can see all 
of you.   
 
       Soon the atmosphere is heating up.  "Let's have some fun, 
guys.  I want to show you what a cock-hungry slave I have here."  
I invent a game I call "5 card slut".  I have you get under the 
table and when someone wins a hand, you take out his cock and put 
it in your mouth.  You must lick and suck him, until when the 
next hand is decided you switch to the new winner and suck him.  
The ultimate winner is the first man to cum.  After a few hands, 
everyone has his cock out and you are blowing each man in turn, 
giving one a few minutes of sensual cocksucking, until the next 
winner beckons you to his hard-on.  While you are busy with your 
sluttish duties, your body is open for everyone to use.  With one 
man's cock pushing at the back of your throat, 2 or 3 hands busy 
themselves in your pussy and ass.  Your skirt is up around your 
waist while they finger fuck you, your big tits shaking while 
your head bobs up and down in their laps. One lucky guy wins 3 
hands in a row, and just as you gently squeeze his cum-filled 
balls, he groans and shoots his hot load in your mouth.  You 
moan with pleasure, sucking down all of his sweet cum, draining 
his balls.  He finishes with a round of applause from his 
jealous mates, and you come out from under the table.  You lick 
your lips, coating them with his sticky cum and you smile.   
 
     Now I decide each man should cum, as you have aroused 
everyone with your hot cocksucking.  I sit you in a chair, tie 
your hands behind your back and your ankles to the chair, your 
legs spread wide.  The winner kneels between your legs, and 
busies himself by licking your soaking cunt.  Then I stand behind 
you, holding the back of your head, as each of the other 4 men 
take turns fucking your mouth until they cum.  You are lost in 
pleasure, your clit being licked and sucked while each man 
shoves his prick between your lips and takes your mouth.  I hold 
your head while they squeeze and pinch your nipples, their balls 
slapping against your chin.  Each man fucks your tender mouth 
until he cums, and you try to swallow it all, but there is so 
much cum it runs out your mouth and down your chin, dripping 
onto your tits.  Finally, it is my turn and I take you harder 
than anyone, forcing my cock down your throat.  You whimper as I 
gasp, commanding you to cum just as the man sucking you traps 
your clit between his lips.  You explode in orgasm, and I pull 
out of your mouth, showering my jism all over your face, into 
your open mouth, all over your tits as well.   
 
     "You are a such a good slut," I say untying you, and with a 
slap on your ass I send you off to serve more drinks.  I tell 
you to take off you bra and skirt, so now you are serving in 
only your stockings, pumps and collar.  The men enjoy watching 
you stiff-nippled boobs bounce as you walk back and forth, 
bringing us drinks and food as we relax in the living room.  
Soon I decide it is time to get things going again, and tell you 
to go and bring me one of your dildos.  You return with the 
6-inch one, but I am not pleased.  "Are you trying to get off 
easy?" I say, "That is not big enough for a cunt like you."  I 
command you to lie over my lap, and I spank you in front of 
everyone.  Fifteen hard slaps turn your ass a rosy color, and 
then I send you off to bring a different one.  You return, 
fighting back tears, with a 9-inch black dildo.  "That's better, 
this will make a better show for us." 
 
    I order you to put on a sexy show for us.  You lie on the 
carpet in front of us, your legs spread wide, your glistening 
cunt exposed.  You pinch and tease your nipples while rubbing 
the head of the cock around your cunt lips.   Soon you have the 
head in your pussy, and you are struggling to get the huge dildo 
in your tender cunt.  I tell you to get up on your knees so we 
can see your ass as well,  and you continue to fuck yourself.  I 
order you not to cum yet, so you bring yourself to the brink 
several times, stopping just as you want to cum, then rubbing 
your clit again while you slide the cock in and out of your wet 
pussy. 
 
     I bring over your leash and snap it onto your collar.  
Then, leaving the dildo in your cunt, I lead you over to the 
table on your hands and knees.  I order you to lie across the 
table on your stomach, and then tie your arms and legs to the 
table legs.  I invite my guests over, and one of the men stands 
in front of your and slides his cock into your mouth.  He 
slowlys fucks your mouth, while another man pushes the dildo in 
and out of your pussy, and a third slaps your ass.  Each man 
takes a turn, until everyone has had your mouth, dildo-fucked 
you, and spanked your burning ass.   
 
      We release you and, tears streaming down your face, put 
you on your back on the table.  Your head hangs over the edge, 
and a pillow goes under your hips.  Your knees are bent and your 
feet are on the table, your legs spread wide exposing your pussy 
and asshole.  Your arms lay at your side, and your wrists are 
tied to your ankles.  Now we resume our gang fuck while you lay 
helpless in this new position.  One man is at each end, fucking 
your holes, while the others pinch and pull at your nipples and 
clit.  Your head hanging over the edge of the table, the men 
shove their cocks right down your throat, their hairy balls 
tickling your nose.  The men, lubricated from your dripping cunt, 
push their cocks into your tight ass.  Each time time someone 
slides his meat deeper in your asshole, another cock is shoved 
farther down your throat.  Now each man having had one turn at 
each of your holes, I take your hot asshole, while the others 
line up at your mouth.  One by one they fuck your face, pinching 
your nipples, while I enjoy a tight assfuck.  You suck off every 
guy, taking their creamy jism down your throat, or all over your 
face and tits.  Then they hold up your head so you can watch as 
I give you permission to cum, stroking your swollen clit while I 
fuck your ass.  I finish by shooting my hot load deep in your 
tender asshole, just as a mind-numbing orgasm is wracking your 
body.  I walk up to your face and, after you have dutifully 
licked my cock and balls clean, kneel down to kiss you warmly 
while the others release your bonds.   
