Copyright  (c) 1997 Pedros   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.




This story is for all those who love boys' feet in particular, as well as those who just love boys.





                                             THE POKER GAME 

                                                CHAPTER 1.    


       "Hi, Uncle Matt!"
       The sound of my nephew’s voice penetrated my consciousness, bringing me awake, causing a momentary sense of confusion, as it always does when one is awakened suddenly from a sleep in the afternoon. It was only momentary, however, as the sight of Jimmy coming towards me while I lay on the couch brought immediate awareness of who and where I was.
         "I" was a thirtyfive year old single man. A man lucky enough to be an uncle to the most beautiful young boy in the world.  A man who had had custody of this boy for almost ten years since his mother and father (my brother) had been tragically killed in an automobile accident when Jimmy was only two. A man who was deeply in love with this boy and whose love was reciprocated just as intensely. Not only had I become father and mother to this boy, but I had become friend and lover as well.
         I smiled sleepily in greeting as Jimmy came to stand beside me where I lay on the couch. My eyes feasted on him, as they always did when he was around. They never got tired of gazing upon him. His hair was a pale blonde, like his mother’s, inclined to be unruly so it was clipped short on top. Bright blue eyes, an upturned 'cheeky’ nose and an almost feminine fullness to his lips gave Jimmy’s face an adroginous look I found particularly attractive and alluring. But his body was definitely that of a young boy, slim yet quite muscular for his eleven years. I am very conscious of keeping my own body in as best condition as I can and Jimmy and I spend a lot of time  swimming, surfing, bushwalking and camping together. His growing body had benefitted from the physical nature of these activities, filling out into a young adonis, beautifully lean and smooth. His skin was a natural golden tan, a legacy of my parents’ Mediterranean heritage and enhanced by our times out of doors. No wonder I never tired of watching him.
              The sharing of these pursuits, just the two of us alone together, also brought about a bonding and an intimacy which, as Jimmy grew older, gradually and much to my own surprise, led to a sexual relationship we continue to enjoy. 
               I knew his young body intimately. In his early years, during the 'innocent’ time of our being together, I had bathed and dressed him daily, delighting in watching his baby body growing into that of a young boy’s. I would join him at times in the bath, or under the shower when he got older, and we would play around, tickling and splashing but it was generally not sexual. Sure, I used to get erections and Jimmy would touch it inquisitively and laugh when he pulled it down and let it go so it would slap against my belly, but I just explained to him about men and penises and how a man became erect when he felt loving and close and about growing up and not being embarrassed and things like that...I had not considered doing any more at that time. I certainly got excitement and pleasure from being naked with Jimmy, from touching him and seeing him and from him touching me, but I guess my own inhibitions at that time prevented me from going any further. I used to wait until I was alone before I would masturbate to relieve the sexual excitement he created in me and, although he was the boy I fantasised about when masturbating, I did not attempt to make my fantasy a reality. It was Jimmy that did that.
           It only happened just over twelve months ago. I had been becoming more and more aware of my attraction to Jimmy for several years and, as he slowly matured, I found myself wanting to touch him, to stroke all over his naked body, to caress him all over with my lips and tongue, to take his developing sexual organs into my mouth. At times I ached for this to happen. We still showered together and still fooled around and I still got erections. Jimmy had also begun getting erections and, apart from  me touching it like he did mine, I was still too unsure to turn the 'good buddy’ tone of these occurences into more sexual ones. I guess I was very concerned about possibly causing a change in our almost perfect relationship and I was prepared to forego my desires to have it continue as it was. We talked about sex, we were very comfortable being naked together, there was no embarrassment on either side in being erect in each other’s presence and, looking back, it seems unbelievable that I, in my anxiety, was unaware of how Jimmy really felt and what he was going through in the few months before that night.
              We were camping and had set up the tent on the grassy bank of a large pool of water in an otherwise dry creek. We had spent almost all day trudging up the dry creek bed from the car park in a newly declared wilderness area. It was tough going and the youngster had done a marvellous job keeping up, looking out for the different birds, recognising them or their calls, pointing out particular bugs and insects encountered en-route and generally remaining high spirited and enthusiastic throughout the long day. We had seen no sign of any other person all day and felt as though we were the last two people on earth when we finally stopped to set up camp. Jimmy was beginning to feel tired and a little sore from the trek and I suggested he take a swim while I completed unpacking our rucksacks. It was still hot and sticky in spite of it being late afternoon and Jimmy needed no further encouragement. 
               I began to undo the flap of the rucksack but was watching the youngster. The late afternoon sun was coming from behind me, highlighting Jimmy against the dark pool in front of him. He looked like a young god, his hair ablaze and I crouched transfixed.
                He pulled off his tee-shirt, his body squirming to work the clinging stretch fabric away from his sweaty back and I watched his muscles working beneath his tanned skin. With much exertion he finally pulled it free and turned towards me and laughed, throwing the sodden garment for me to catch.  For the billionth time my eyes drank in his beauty, the wonderful proportions of his head, arms and chest, the two dark nubs of his small nipples, erect from the coolness created by the gentle breeze caressing his sweaty skin. My eyes wandered onto his smooth belly, the neat indent of his navel just visible above the elastic waist of his boxer shorts. They moved lower still, noting the slight bulge over the boy’s groin, then sliding down two smooth, firmly muscled legs to the sneakers encased feet and back up to the shorts.
                Jimmy hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his shorts and, in one fluid  motion, slipped them down and stepped out of them, catching one foot in them and flicking them towards me to catch and place with his shirt. It was all so easy and we both laughed at our expertise. My laughter was short-lived, however. My throat contracted with the sight of Jimmy before me. He stood in front of me dressed only in a pair of sweat-soaked white bikini underpants still with his socks and sneakers on. The golden sunlight made him dazzle and I was overwhelmed with love for him. I noticed he, too, had ceased laughing and I looked at his face. There was an expression I could not interpret upon it. I could see happiness, and love but there was a certain air of wistfulness or uncertainty I had not noticed with him before as he looked back at me. Before I had any real time to try to read it, he looked down at himself and my eyes followed his. I suddenly realised he had an erection. The front of his underpants stuck out and the pink tip of his penis was quite visible against the stretched, damp material.
              At this wonderful sight, my own penis began to stir into life.
              Jimmy looked back up at me then hooked his thumbs into the thin sides of his bikini pants and very slowly and very provocatively lowered them. With a shock I realised the boy was doing this for my benefit, that he was deliberately teasing me, trying to arouse me! I was dumbfounded. For such a long time I had believed I was keeping my feelings hidden, believed I was submersing my desires to 'protect’ my nephew, to preserve our relationship.  And here was the object of my desires letting me know that he was aware of my longings; and that he wanted them! My heart was pounding as these revelations coursed through me. My penis was beginning to hurt as it stretched itself and found no room for expansion and I had to ease myself into a more comfortable position.
                I saw a secret little smile touch Jimmy’s lips when he saw me adjusting myself and then my attention was drawn back to his hips. He lowered his underpants to the base of his penis then paused just as a glimpse of his hard organ was exposed. His hairless pubes were the same golden tan of his belly. We often swam and sunbathed nude and Jimmy had an all-over tan like me, enhanced by that natural inherited skin colour so that even the parts of his body not normally exposed to the sun still appeared to be tanned. 
               My eyes were fastened on the slight bulge of his pubic bone and I could see, in the sunlight, the tiny beginnings of a soft fuzz that would all too soon sprout around his sexual organs. Giving me just a moment or two to appreciate what I was seeing, Jimmy continued lowering his underpants, pressing his hard boy-shaft downwards as they lowered. 
                I realised I was holding my breath as each millemetre of this young organ was being exposed so tantallizingly and thought of how ridiculous this was. I had seen Jimmy’s penis so many times. I had seen it soft. I had seen it erect. I had touched it many, many times. Yet here I was, almost gasping for a sight of it as though it was the very first time. And, in a sense, it was the first time. It was the first time we were acknowledging there was more to our relationship than either of us had admitted. It was the first time this child was actually offering this grown man himself, naked and sexually aroused. It was the first time we were saying to each other, "You excite me. I want you to know you excite me. I want to acknowledge I am sexually aroused by you and give you permission to be sexually aroused by me." It was a very profound moment for both of us.
                     Slowly Jimmy’s penis was exposed to my eyes. The tight waistband caught momentarily on the rim of his glans then flicked downwards and the boy’s erection sprang up into full view. It was only about three inches in length, but it was reasonably thick for its size. It seemed to be thicker in proportion to my own. He was circumcised, the same as me, and his glans was a small glistening plum on the end of his shaft. It gleamed in the afternoon sun and I had a sudden, almost uncontrollable urge to take it into my mouth. But I remained where I crouched. I knew this was what Jimmy wanted me to do.
                         He continued lowering his underpants to mid-thigh then let them drop to his feet and raised his arms above his head and looked at me. His beauty was over-whelming. His young, naked body, aroused and so exposed in this glorious outdoor setting is a vision that will live with me forever. I drank in the sight, my eyes returning eventually to his young sex, being offered so frankly to me. Jimmy’s testicles hung loosely below his upright shaft, each teste clearly defined within the soft pouch. Each time he moved, or his penis jerked, as it did every now and then, his scrotum swayed as though moved by the breeze. His thighs were smooth and firm, perfectly muscled because of our walking and bike riding pursuits. His lower legs were also as nicely proportioned as the rest of his body and I followed them down to his feet, still encased in socks and sneakers, and covered by his fallen underpants. I then ran my gaze back over his body, savouring each detail as I moved back up to meet his sparkling blue eyes.                                
                           Jimmy was watching me looking at him. His eyes appeared heavy with desire, a slight glazed look to them I had never seen, or never noticed, before. His mouth had a slightly quizzical smile touching the corners. The tip of his tongue protruded and moistened his lips. He lowered his arms from above his head and ran his hands  down his body, caressing his chest, belly and finally rubbing them across his penis, grasping his testicles briefly, then resting them by his sides. He was highly excited and I could see his chest rising and falling rapidly with his breathing. He stepped one foot out of his underpants, then flicked them off and away with his other foot, his penis and testicles bobbing with the sudden movements. I remained still, watching the exhibition before me.
                          Slowly Jimmy lowered himself down to a squatting position, his legs spreading wide open before me until he was resting on his haunches, his penis pointed straight at me. his testes swaying beneath, hanging clear from his body and appearing translucent against the shadows beneath him. He began unlacing his sneakers, bringing each foot out to do so, raising one knee and kneeling on the grass on the other. His genitals bobbed and swayed with each little movement he made and the muscles in his arms quivered as he undid the laces and removed his shoes and then his socks. I was mesmerised, my eyes going from his groin to his feet, which were paler than the rest of his legs. He squatted with one leg folded under him when his feet were bare, his legs spread wide apart, and looked back up at me.
                        My penis was now solidly erect, aching in its rigidity and tenting my track pants out quite noticeably. Jimmy’s position had placed his soft ball-sack onto the groove between his ankle and the base of his foot on the foot tucked beneath him and the sight was highly erotic. He had leaned back onto his arms, allowing me an unhindered view of him now completely nude. His right leg was stretched out towards me and I reached out to touch his foot. It was the first movement I had made since this incredible event had commenced and my body felt tight and awkward.  Neither of us had spoken, either, and as much as I wanted to tell him how I was feeling,  how much I loved him, there seemed to be no need to talk.
                        I knelt in front of my young nephew and took his foot in my hands, gently squeezing and massaging the soft skin. I heard him give a slight moan of pleasure and his toes curled. I focussed my attention on his foot, manipulating each toe as I stroked along his ankle and calf with my other hand. I brought his foot into my lap until it was resting against my cloth covered erection. I thought he would be able to feel it against him and, when he moved his foot slightly towards it, I knew he was aware of me there. I continued to spread his toes and fondle each digit while moving my other hand to my track suit waist. I tugged my pants downwards, pulling my underpants as well from my body, freeing my engorged sex. I raised myself slightly to allow my pants to be pulled below my knees and my penis brushed against Jimmy’s foot. It was as though an electric current passed between us at that contact. I gasped as Jimmy moved his foot to press his sole against my hard shaft, forcing it firmly against my belly, his heel lodged at the top of my scrotum. My penis was longer than his foot and my glans poked above his toes, a glistening drop of pre-cum at its tip. Jimmy wriggled his big toe to swipe gently across the head, smearing the sticky fluid over the plum-red crown. The sensation was incredible and I almost climaxed at his intimate touch. 
                    This was the first time Jimmy had openly acknowledged the fluids that appeared on my penis when it was erect, which had occurred on many occasions in the past. He had never asked about it and I, in my desire not to risk spoiling our relationship, had never drawn attention to it and had, in fact, usually wiped it away surreptitiosly as soon as I felt or saw it appear. I had always leaked a steady flow of lubricant, ever since puberty, and I guess Jimmy had seen it and realised it had to do with sexual arousal. This act of his deliberately drew both our attention to the sexuality of our situation; made very obvious that our relationship was heading into a new and unchartered phase; and also made very clear that it was a change we were both wanting to happen.
                      My heart was pounding as I fondled and caressed Jimmy’s foot, realising I was fulfilling my fantasies about my young nephew after so many years of suppression. I began stroking up his leg, running my hands up either side of his calf, over his knee and halfway up his thigh, then reversing the movement back to his foot. Each time I leaned forward, Jimmy pressed his foot harder against my penis, massaging below its crown with his toes causing more fluids to leak out and run slowly downwards. I finally took hold of his foot again and raised it towards my mouth. I would have climaxed if he had continued his massage and I didn’t want this magical moment to end yet.
                          I brought his foot upwards, the raising of it causing him to lay back further until he was resting on his elbows, his left leg still bent under him. His testes now nestled between the top of his thighs and I looked up his outstretched leg to where it joined his body. Below his small scrotum, the vale leading to between his buttocks was exposed, the dark line of his perenium clearly visible. My eyes travelled back up Jimmy’s body to his face. He was heavy-lidded with desire, his eyes slightly unfocussed, his mouth slack, the tip of his tongue visible between his parted lips. His chest and belly moved rhythmically with his shallow breathing, his rigid penis quivered with each heart beat. His eyes followed his foot up to my mouth.
                          I smelt the tart, sweaty smell of his foot as I brought it to my lips, but it was not unpleasant. His foot was clean and it was only the fact it had been confined in sock and sneaker for the day that it had an odour. It was the odour of a young active boy, an odour I had smelt for many years each time I had anything to do with Jimmy’s shoes and socks. It was an odour I had grown to love. My mouth was aching and I could resist no longer. I pressed Jimmy’s foot to my lips, opening them to allow his toes to enter my mouth. It was like taking five little boy-cocks, all of different sizes. My mouth filled with the taste of him and my tongue teased and swirled around his toes, causing Jimmy to squirm delightfully, a giggle escaping unconsciously from him. I began sucking on each toe, starting with the biggest. I could taste my self, my own juices, as I sucked and it was as though Jimmy’s toe had climaxed in my mouth. My penis was so tight it felt sore, I was becoming almost unbearably aroused. 
                       As I began to suck on his smaller toes, Jimmy no longer had the strength to support himself and he flopped backwards onto the soft grass, his arms outspread, giving himself over entirely to the sensations I was creating. I felt so close to climaxing and the sight of my nephew splayed so vulnerably before me, and the taste and feel of his toes in my mouth, brought me closer and closer to the edge. 
                       I finally released his foot and laid his leg back on the grass beside me. Jimmy had had to unbend his left leg when he sprawled back and that lay flat on my other side. I was kneeling between them both, his nude body spread open before me.
I leaned down, folding my hard, steadily discharging erection between my belly and thighs, and touched my lips to Jimmy’s right knee. I opened my lips and pressed my tongue against his flesh and slowly slid it up his thigh towards his groin. I could feel the nerves quivering under his taut skin as I moved so slowly upwards, my eyes filled with the object of my quest. I finally reached the gentle groove of his groin and his small scrotum was against my cheek, his hard rod against the edge of my mouth, thrusting up alongside my nose and filling my vision.  Pausing for only a moment, I slid my mouth up and around Jimmy’s penis and then my world exploded.
                   Jimmy gave a loud grunt and grasped the back of my head, forcing it hard against him. He spasmed upwards, causing his penis to thrust against the back of my throat. And at the same time, my own penis began spurting in climax, my seed spraying forcefully between my thighs in uncontrollable, powerful bursts. Jimmy’s young body bucked and he was crying out loudly, his body arching back on the grass, his hands clenched in my hair. His penis spasmed in my mouth, I could feel it jerking against my tongue and palate and I could taste a flavour I had never tasted before, a taste not unlike the taste of my own sperm yet quite different. I sucked the little rod, folding my tongue around the slippery, rubbery smooth head and savouring the taste. I was lost. The world could have ended at that moment and I don’t think either of us would have been aware of it happening. We were both overwhelmed by the sensations engulfing us there on that grassy edge of the waterhole.
                    Our relationship had forever moved into a new sphere. We could never be as we had been again. I felt close to tears as my physical sensations slowly subsided and my reality began to return. I was overwhelmed with love for the young boy whose penis I still held in my mouth and on whose belly my head was resting; and, from the gentle caresses in my hair from his young hands, I was sure he was feeling the same towards me.

End.......Chapter 1.
