       POKER GAME

Geordi and I had been living together for about 6
monthswhen he decided it was time he hosted a "boy's
night"poker party.  Oh well, I thought, we couldn't stay
lockedin honeymoon phase forever.  Eventually he was
bound to want to get back to his life, and, naturally, that
included the occasional evening of all-male bonding with
his buds.

So I was surprised when I asked Geordi about making
myself scarce at a girlfriend's place for the evening that he
looked almost hurt.

"I don't want to get rid of you, love," he said.  "In fact, I
wanted a chance to show you off!"  I felt myself flush with
pleasure, but Geordi had a curious, almost sly expression
on his face.

"What is it?" I asked.

"Well," he seemed to hesitate, then plunged in with what
I thought was just a touch of false jocularity, "I was
wondering how you'd feel about playing hostess to a
bunch of horny guys?  Besides, you're my good-luck
charm,"  he added.  That had been one of our jokes ever
since a trip we took to Vegas early in our relationship.
Geordi always claimed that it was my standing next to him
that helped him win almost $2,000 at the blackjack table.

"No problem,"  I said, not really thinking much about it. "I
can bring you sandwiches and beer, a la Betty Crocker."
I joked.

"You're great, hon!" he enthused, and that was that,
except for some minor preparations to feed "the boys"... 

      *          *         *

The game was scheduled for Friday evening, so playing
late wouldn't interfere with anyone's ability to make it to
work the next day.  I made it home a little earlier than
usual and spent an hour or so in the kitchen, putting
together sandwiches and dip.

Geordi got home around six with a couple of cases of
beer, then went back out to the car. I was wondering what
else he had brought home when he returned moments
later to present me with a large, expensively gift-wrapped
box.  It was from an exclusive lingerie boutique.  I was
thrilled!  I had often drooled over their catalogue, but was
seldom able to afford the indulgence of purchasing their
frilly, slinky, naughty little lace and silk nothings.

"Come upstairs and try it on for me," Geordi urged,
unnecessarily.

In the bedroom, I stripped rapidly out of my practical,
work-day suit and proceeded to carefully unwrap the box.
Geordi's impatience was rewarded by my gasp of
surprised pleasure when I finally opened it.  Nestled into
folds of crinkly, pink tissue paper was the most gorgeous,
black satin merry-widow I had ever seen!

"Try it on!"  Geordi commanded, grinning at my
excitement.  With no further urging, I stepped into the tube
of slick black satin, and turned so Geordi could lace it for
me at the back.

It seemed to fit me like a second skin.  Facing the
full-length mirror in front of our bed, I admired myself. 
Half-sized under-wire cups pushed my breasts upwards so
they thrust proudly forwards, while my nipples were still
clearly visible, supported by a froth of black lace.   Geordi
had fastened the lacing at the back quite tightly, so my
naturally small waist was cinched in even further.  An
elongated, diamond-shaped peek-a-boo, outlined with more
lace, began just between and below my breasts and
extended down across my smooth, tanned belly so my
navel was just visible above its lower point.  The
merry-widow was cut high enough at the sides to expose
my hipbones, making my legs look even longer than
normal. In the middle, at the front, black satin descended
to a point, truncated by two small curves.  It stopped just
above my thatch of curly, red pubic hair, giving the illusion
of a heart-shaped bush.  Lacy, black suspenders dangled
from the lower edges of the garment.

Standing behind me, Geordi's hands stroked down my
flanks and in to fondle my mound.  He gently parted my
luxuriant bush to expose my clit and glistening pussy-lips.
Just wearing this thing was making me _hot_, and the
bulge I could feel nudging my ass told me it was having
the same effect on Geordi.  Turning in his arms, I looked
back over my shoulder to admire the rear view.  All those
criss-crossed lacings, running from just below my
shoulder-blades to the top of the crack of my ass,
reminded me of bondage fantasies.  Again in the back, it
was cut into high circles that rested just at the top of my
ass.  My well-rounded cheeks were fully exposed, looking
startlingly white against the midnight, black satin.

I watched as Geordi's hands moved down my back to cup
the cheeks of my ass and gently pull them apart until I
could see my tight, pink ass-hole.  When his fingers
began roving further down, I turned my head so we could
kiss passionately.  He slid one finger into my tight, little
ass, another into my now dripping cunt, all the while
playing with my swollen clit.

Just then the doorbell rang, signalling the arrival of the
first of his poker buddies.

"Wear it for me tonight!"  Geordi whispered, as we broke
apart.  My doubt must have shown in my face.

"Wear something casual over top," he added. "I just want
to know that you've got that on underneath!" He grinned
wickedly at me. "No panties, though!" was his parting shot
before running downstairs to answer the door.

Alright, I thought, feeling something liquify inside me.  I
felt deliciously naughty, thinking of spending the evening
with a group of Geordi's buddies while wearing this
incredibly sexy under-garment.  Geordi and I had
sometimes talked about fantasies of me taking on more
than one man, as we lay in bed fondling each other.  Of
course, I had no such expectations about this night, but
just wearing this wicked merry-widow - and no panties! -
underneath some relatively innocent clothing was going to
be a huge turn-on!

Sitting on the bed, I pulled on a sheer pair of stockings
and fastened them to the garters.  What to wear over
top,I wondered, browsing through my closet.  The black
satin would show through anything light coloured and I
didn't want to be obvious.  Eventually I chose an emerald
green silk outfit, with a relatively short, flared wrap-around
skirt and simple, short-sleeved shirt-blouse.  The colour
was dark enough not to reveal anything and complimented
my auburn hair nicely, but it would be easy to take off at
the end of the night.  Smiling to myself, I thought of
Geordi's love-making.  With me wearing no panties, he
might surreptitiously fondle my pussy during the evening. 
That thought made me blush slightly, but it also made me
tingle and I could feel my pussy-lips swelling in
anticipation.

My tingling increased as I walked downstairs.  I hadn't
counted on how good the silk skirt would feel sliding over
my bare ass.  By the time I made my way into the living
room to meet "the boys", my nipples were standing at
attention under the thin silk of my blouse.

Introductions all round were unnecessary, as I already
knew Bob, Doug and Kurt, friends of Geordi's from work.
The fifth player, Steve, was a handsome, blond-bearded
giant of a man, a friend of Doug.  Geordi and I did not
have a card table, so we had scattered cushions on the
floor for everyone to sit on.  They would play on our big,
low, square coffee table.

Levering themselves off the floor, the men all rose as I
came into the room and I could tell by their admiring looks
that they all found me attractive.  One or two gazes
seemed to rest a trifle too long on my chest and I
wondered how obvious my state of arousal was.

After serving the first round of drinks and food, I settled
into a corner of the room to watch them play.  Bob dealt
first, his long, tanned fingers skilfully manipulating the
cards.  Idly, I found myself fantasizing about feeling those
fingers moving on me as skilfully as they now moved over
the cards.

My eyes moved around the table and came to rest on
Steve's huge feet and legs like tree-trunks stretched out
underneath the table.  He was by far the biggest man in
the room, except Doug, whose lean height was no match
for Steve's enormous size.  I wondered idly if Steve's cock
was in proportion to the rest of him.  Raising my eyes, I
was startled to meet his, piercing blue and regarding me
intently.  I felt my face go hot and left hurriedly for the
kitchen to fetch more beer and food.

Reaching into in the fridge, I was acutely conscious of
those five good-looking, virile men in the other room.
Occasional bursts of masculine laughter drifted in to me.
Back in the living room, I could feel their eyes on me as
I moved around the table, bending to serve them beer
and sandwiches.  When I reached Geordi, he smiled
innocently up at me, while his hand slid up the back of
my leg and under my skirt to fondle my bare ass, one
finger sliding into my now very wet pussy.  Had the others
noticed? I wondered as I moved quickly back to my corner
of the room.

When Geordi casually licked his finger before reaching for
another sandwich, I saw several pairs of eyes move from
his face to mine, and felt myself flush again.  Maybe it
wasn't such a good idea for me to stay and watch, I
thought, and got up to go.

"Where ya going', hon?"  Geordi asked.

"Just back out into the kitchen,"  I answered. "I can be
on hand if you need anything, and I won't disturb your
game." I explained.

"No," he protested.  "Stay here.  After all, you're my good
luck charm."  There was a chorus of agreement from the
others and they made room for me at the table, between
Geordi and Steve.

They even dealt me in on the next hand, and Steve took
the time to explain the game to me.  Leaning close so he
could whisper pointers to me, I was very conscious of how
big he was.  Meanwhile, Geordi's free hand continued to
fondle my ass and kept sliding under my skirt to
finger-fuck my pussy.

As the evening wore on, I made numerous trips to the
kitchen to fetch more refreshments, and several times
Geordi asked me to sit out a hand or two so I could roll
joints for them.  Not quite matching their consumption, I
was soon feeling very relaxed.  I didn't need to imagine
the effect all that drink and smoke was having on the
men.

Soon, instead of sitting, most of them were lying around
on the floor.  From that angle, as I moved around the
table to serve them, they must have caught more than a
few glimpses of my bare ass.  Kurt was the most obvious
voyeur in the group.  Several times, as I moved past him,
he tilted his head back to get a good view up my skirt.
Once I actually had to step right over where he was lying,
gazing rapturously up at my beaver.  In any case, I'm
sure it wasn't long before they all knew that I had nothing
at all on under my skirt.

Every time I came back from the kitchen, a few more
hands would find their way up to stroke the backs of my
legs or pat my ass as I served them.  At first I wasn't
sure how Geordi would react, but he didn't seem to mind.
In fact, his attentions were becoming more and more
obvious.  He seemed to really enjoy how much the other
guys appreciated me.  Every time I sat next to him he
would reach under my skirt to finger my pussy and several
times, he licked his fingers, making obvious noises of
relishing my taste, much to everyone's amusement, except
perhaps mine.

Of course, I was more than enjoying the attention of all
those good-looking men, feeling their hands resting
not-quite casually on my thighs or ass, their eyes on my
cleavage as I bent forwards to  serve them.  I made a
point of unbuttoning my blouse a little further and
stretching across the table to give them a real eye-full.

Could they see my nipples, I wondered. Considering how
turned on I was and how erect my nipples were under the
thin silk of my blouse, they probably could!  After all, they
probably all knew how little I had on underneath my
demure little skirt and blouse!

As the evening progressed, the fondles from the men
became increasingly unrestrained.  It took longer and
longer for me to serve drinks as all five pairs of hands
became more demanding and more insistent, sliding higher
on my thighs, pinching and squeezing my ass.  As Ileaned
over to served them, several of the guys would make a
point of pulling my blouse forward so they could feast their
eyes on my naked tits, popping out of the top of the
merry-widow.  I was finding it harder and harder to walk
out to the kitchen because my legs seemed to be turning
to jelly and every male lap in the room was sporting a
prominent bulge.

The betting, too, became less restrained, with pots getting
up into the hundreds of dollars.  Despite how much he
fondled his "good-luck charm"-and he did that a lot, more
and more obviously-Geordi was now loosing consistently.
By ten p.m., he was broke, and about to withdraw from
the game.  I had long since given up any pretence at
playing; their stakes were way out of my league!

"What say we make this game really interesting?"  Bob
suggested.  Glancing my way, his mouth curved into a
sensual and evil-looking smile.  I've always found Bob
very attractive, especially his mouth, which is full-lipped
and suggestive of debauchery.

"What do you mean?"  Geordi asked a little petulantly.
"You guys know I'm cleaned out."

"Not quite,"  Kurt corrected.  Looking at me and licking
his lips suggestively.

"You still have one very impressive asset,"  Steve
rumbled. And his meaty hand shot up under my skirt to
grab my pussy.  Despite all the play-fondling to this point,
none of Geordi's friends had been so bold!  At the feel of
Steve's huge warm hand grasping my snatch, I must have
jumped about a foot in the air. My wayward pussy,
however, wasn't at all shocked and I felt myself gush
invitingly all over his big fingers, while I blushed furiously
and looked askance at Geordi.

The room was suddenly very quiet.  In the silence, Steve
lifted his hand, palm outward and showed it slowly around
the table.  The wet smear of my pussy juices was clearly
visible to everyone, before he brought his hand up to his
mouth and his big red tongue lapped up my nectar.  Five
very horny pairs of eyes fastened on me and Geordi didn't
seem to mind at all.  In fact, the bulge in his pants was
as big as anyone else's!

"All right,"  he agreed, a slow, lascivious grin spreading
over his face.  "Wanna see the merchandise?" and
reaching over to where I stood, poised for flight, he
yanked the tie on my skirt loose and pulled it off in one
swift movement.

So there I stood, as those five pairs of hungry eyes raked
over me, from the tips of my black, stiletto pumps, up the
sheer length of my stockinged legs, past the lacy garters,
and came to rest on the curly red thatch of my bush and
the barely visible point of my swollen, pink clit.

"Take the blouse off, darlin',"  my lover drawled.  "You
don't need it any more and I want everyone to see the
nice present I gave you today."

As if in a trance, my hands moved up to obey him.  I felt
as if I had slipped into an alternate reality.  Was my lover
really planning to auction me off to the highest bidder in
a poker game?  The thought was terrifying and terrifyingly
exciting.  With trembling fingers, I began to unbutton my
blouse. . .

       *          *         *

"OK, let's play some poker,"  Geordi rubbed his hands
together, as my blouse slid off my shoulders and slithered
to my feet.

I stood there in my beautiful merry-widow, my nipples
tautly peaked, feeling the goose-bumps rising on the
cheeks of my ass and my pussy lips pouting outwards
with desire, and my lover wanted to play poker!

"OK," Bob quipped, "Some one hold her down.  I'll poke
'er."  The sudden burst of bawdy laughter broke the
tension in the room.  Even Geordi seemed to relax, while
Steve swung into action.  Heaving to his feet, he lifted the
huge coffee table and swung it off to one side of the
room.  A trail of playing cards and money marked its
wake, but, in the flurry of shirts being pulled off and flies
being unzipped, no one noticed.

My god, I thought, this is really happening.  Swallowing
hard, my legs shaking, I stepped into the vacant space
where the coffee table had been.

"No one has to hold me down."  Thank god, I had found
my voice.  I looked down at the five men gathered around
me, all in varying states of undress.  Several of them
already had their cocks out, stroking themselves.  I was
amused by this piece of male redundancy.  There wasn't
a cock in the room that wasn't already standing stiffly at
attention to salute me.

"That's my beautiful girl,"  From his position, kneeling at
my feet, his trousers pooled around his ankles, Geordi's
hand shot out to give me a resounding slap on the ass.

"Enough!"  I stamped my foot, setting my tits and ass
jiggling.  "We'll do this my way, or we won't do it at all!"

"We'll do this any way you like,"  Steve soothed.  He was
standing behind me now, his big, warm hands cupping my
breasts, rolling my hard, pointy nipples between his
fingers.  I could feel his erection pressing into the crack
of my ass and resisted the temptation to turn and see just
how big he was.

"We'll do it _every_ way you like,"  Bob added, licking his
lips lasciviously.

Kurt stretched out on the floor, his head between my feet,
and gazed up at my cunt.  Geordi moved in front of me,
his hands grasping my hips, sliding down to my bush,
parting it, sliding down further to press my thighs apart
and open the dripping wet lips of my  pussy.  Beneath
me, Kurt sighed ecstatically.

Doug and Bob began to unfasten my garters, slowly rolling
my stockings down.  Steve lifted me off my feet and held
me in mid-air against his chest, while Kurt removed my
shoes, pulling my feet apart.  Kneeling in front of me,
Geordi embraced my waist and buried his face in my
mound, his tongue flicking out to lap my clit and pussy.

Off came the shoes.  Off came the stockings, all while I
dangled in mid-air, revelling in the attentions of these five
tumescent men.  Everywhere I looked there were hard,
throbbing cocks saluting me, their bulbous heads red and
angry, oozing pre-cum.  Hands fondled me, stroked me,
mouths opened to murmur instructions, tongues licked lips,
licked me.  I was floating on a sea of male lust, feeling an
answering tide of female lust surge within me.

Steve lifted me higher.  I felt his big, hot prick slide down
the crack of my ass and pop through between my legs,
bouncing up to slap wetly and my pussy lips.  Bob on my
left foot and Doug on my right foot were busy nibbling and
sucking my toes, pulling my feet towards them until I was
widely spread-eagled.  Any woman who has never
experienced a man on each foot licking his way up has
not lived, in my humble opinion!

Having, for the moment, satisfied his voyeuristic
tendencies, Kurt made himself useful by pushing all the
cushions into the centre of the room.  They formed a
sizeable platform on which they could fuck me.  They're
_all_ going to fuck me, I thought.  I'm going to fuck them
all, I thought, stretching luxuriously and spreading myself
wider for them.

Geordi was standing in front of me now, his erect penis
pressed into my belly.  While he fingered my clit, moving
closer to me, he leaned up and kissed me passionately
on the lips, his tongue probing deep into the warm wet
recesses of my mouth.

Now using only one arm, wrapped tightly around my waist,
Steve was still holding me in mid-air.  His free hand
began to explore my curves, stroking down over my ass,
probing between my legs, his big finger found my cunt
and pushed upwards.  Even his finger was as big as most
men's cocks!  His cock felt like a fist between my legs
and when he started to guide himself into me, I felt my
pussy lips stretch almost to breaking.

"Stop,"  I gasped, pulling my mouth from Geordi's. 
"You're too big."

"Now, maybe,"  Steve's voice was a deep rumble in my
ear, soothing and confident.  "We'll open you."  But he
stopped trying to push his rod into me and went back to
finger-fucking me, slowly and gently.

Geordi pushed his index finger into my mouth and,
obediently, I sucked, regarding his warm, brown eyes
solemnly until I had to close my eyes against the
sensations that were washing upwards from my feet.

Bob and Doug were still busily sucking my toes, their
hands stroking higher and higher on my legs.  Pulling me
wider and wider apart, their mouths soon followed where
their hands led, stroking and licking upwards on my legs.

Soon they were holding me horizontally about 4 feet in the
air.  Steve's arm under my shoulders supporting me, while
his free hand fondled my breasts.  Kurt's mouth was busy
suckling at my tits, wherever Steve's hands left an
opening.  Doug and Bob, each still carrying one of my
legs pulled me wider yet as their heads moved in towards
my crotch, one above and one below.  Bob focused on
my clit and pussy, his sensual mouth fastening on my
nether lips to suck, nibble, probe and lick me.  Doug now
seemed to be crouched underneath me.  I felt his hands
spreading the cheeks of my ass and his mustache tickled
me as he buried his face in my ass, his tongue sliding out
to lick me, probing and diving into my tight, little hole.

Geordi pulled his index finger from my mouth and, moving
to my head, aimed his penis at my mouth.  My lips
opened greedily to take him in.  I love sucking Geordi's
beautiful, 6" cock.  It's just the right size and shape to fill
my mouth completely.  Tipping my head backwards I was
able to take him completely into my mouth and feel the
smooth heat of his cock head at the back of my throat. 
He pumped gently into me for a few minutes so I could
enjoy him and taste the first drops of him pre-cum.

Then they were moving me.  I felt myself lifted and
turned, heard moans of protest from Doug and Bob as I
was moved out of range of their hungry, wet mouths. 
Lifting me as easily as he might a child, Steve was turning
me to face him.  His big hands went under my ass,
spreading my cheeks wide.  His fingers walked inwards
and probed my swollen pussy lips, pulling them open for
him.  My legs encircling his waist,  my arms went around
his neck and I stretched up to kiss him passionately.  I
could feel his huge cock pushing my thighs apart, but it
no longer intimidated me.  Bob and Doug had done their
work well.  I was opened, I was ready, more than ready
for Steve to guide his enormous dick into my waiting cunt.

That first penetration was one long, slow filling thrust. 
Lubricated by Bob and Doug's tongues and my own
juices, Steve's cock oozing pre-cum, glided into me for
what felt like hours.  That first inward push seemed to go
on forever and I closed my eyes in ecstasy.  My cunt lips
stretched and stretched to accommodate him, enfold him,
pull him deeper.  His tongue pushed into my mouth and
deeper into my throat, in an echo of his cock, which
seemed to be bursting past my cervix, right up to fuck my
very womb.

I was trembling uncontrollably all over as Steve started to
pump in and out of me.  Each withdrawal left me wanting
more of him, more deeply, and soon my hips were
thrusting to match his.  The wet, slurping noises of our
intercourse were clearly audible throughout the room and
the smell of our mingled juices was a heady perfume.  As
I opened my eyes i could see three, hard horny men
standing around waiting for their turn to fuck me.

Someone pressed against my back.  Geordi, one hand
coming round to fondle my tits was going to take
advantage of my vulnerable backside.  Steve's big hands
still held my ass, pulling my cheeks invitingly open and I
now felt Geordi's hard little cock nudging insistently at my
butt-hole.  His other hand moved between my cheeks to
guide himself into me.  One finger, slick and cold with
some lubricant, slid easily, deeply into my tight, little
ass. 

"We're going to fuck you every which way til Sunday, hon" 
His voice, thick with passion murmured in my ear.  He
nipped my lobe and his breath was hot and heavy on the
back of my neck as his cock found its way into my ass.

"_Every_ which way,"  I agreed breathlessly, now feeling
those two hard cocks filling me beyond my wildest
dreams, moving first in then out, then in again. 
Alternating thrusts, their mouths alternatively finding mine
to kiss me deeply while their cocks pushed into me
insistently, thrust into me deeply, pounded into me
punishing my wicked, tight little cunt and my naughty little
ass.

Steve's huge cock and Geordi's smaller one both fucked
into me, filling my cunt and my ass, their alternating
movements gliding past each other inside me, each must
be clearly felt by the other through the thin membrane that
divided my vagina from my anus.  I felt that membrane
stretch, my pussy-lips stretch, my cunt stretch, my ass
stretch, every part of me expanding in the first stages of
a mind-blowing orgasm.  I shook and writhed and moaned
in their grasp, but I was firmly locked between them, the
female meat in an all-man sandwich that kept on pounding
mercilessly into me.

Suddenly I was conscious of those other three waiting
cocks.  Bob, Doug and Kurt, penises at the ready, were
watching avidly. I stretched out my arms to reach them. 
My fingers just grazing the tip of Bob's throbbing rod, I
captured a drop of his pre-cum on the tip of my finger and
brought it to my lips to taste.  Sweet!  I wanted more.

"Give me more," I moaned.  "I want to suck cock.  I want
to make you all cum, all over me, inside me, all at once!"

"Greedy little hussy,"  Kurt teased, but his cock spasmed
and oozed more pre-cum.  They slowly lowered me, and
we realigned ourselves so I could fuck and suck more of
them.  Steve pulled me down onto his lap, my thigh
straddling him.  Somehow Geordi had stayed with us, his
cock still firmly planted in my ass.  Now I could reach up
to where Kurt's waiting cock hovered just in front of my
mouth.  I opened my mouth and pulled him in, sucking
him into my waiting cavity.  Bob and Doug were on either
side of me and I grasped one hard cock in each hand.

Heaven!  Steve's cock in my pussy pumped in and out. 
On each in-thrust of his, Geordi pulled his rod slowly from
my ass; in, out, out, in, alternating until I couldn't tell
where any of them began or where I ended.  Kurt was
now pumping his sweet, little cock in and out of my
mouth, each thrust just nudging the back of my throat,
while I stretched my lips forward to fully suck him in.  My
tongue laved his shaft, my lips nuzzled his balls and my
hands moved frantically on bob and Doug, each grasping
a hard, hot penis, jerking them up and down, lubricated by
their own pre-cum.

My pussy was again throbbing, my lips and mouth
throbbed, my ass contracted with pleasure and my womb
began to spasm in orgasm.  Not yet, I thought, not yet. 
I sucked frantically.  Cock in my mouth, cock pumping in
my cunt, pulling out, cock in my ass jabbing in, my hands
jerking, stroking, madly trying to bring off Doug and Bob. 
I felt like a little bead, strung on a necklace of penises.

It was happening!  I felt Kurt stiffen and he thrust deeply
into my face, his cock spasming as my mouth was flooded
with a sudden wash of his sweet cum.  Under me, Steve
pumped and pumped, driving himself into me.  Then he,
too stiffened, his rod jerking in me and my cunt was
awash with his gushing cum.  Next Geordi, thrust into my
ass, filling me completely, as Steve was still deeply
embedded in my cunt.  Geordi's cock quivered, jerked and
spurted hot cum up my ass-hole.  I was floating on cum,
but there was more...

Through the red haze of my own orgasm, I was still trying
to bring Bob and Doug off.  Neither had far to go, and
soon their cocks, too were spasming in my hands, jerking
as they shot their loads all over my hands and arms.

I swallowed Kurt's load and brought my cum-soaked
hands up to my mouth to taste Bob and Doug's
contribution.  Every part of me felt relaxed and limp as a
rag doll.

As I sagged onto Steve's broad, hairy chest.  I felt his big
cock soften inside me and slowly slither out with a small
popping noise.  Levering himself upwards, Geordi sighed
as he pulled his now limp cock from my ass.  Cum
dribbled from my cunt, my ass, and even down my chin
and hands.

The men were all grinning at each other, at me.  They
took turns stroking and kissing me.

"That is some hot, little cunt you've got," or words to that
effect were common remarks directed both at Geordi and
I.  Geordi looked as pleased as if he had invented me
himself, while I preened beneath their admiring gazes and
slowly used my tongue to lick cum and my juices off all
their cocks.

For a while we just quietly fondled each other and I
enjoyed the luxury of being the centre of attention of five
still horny men.  One by one, they recovered their potency
and took turns fucking me - doggy-style, missionary
position, me on top, them on top.  I was sandwich-fucked
several more times that night.  Once they even held me
upside down by my feet and tried it that way!  There was
a lot of giggling, poking, fucking, licking, slapping, fucking,
tickling, fondling, fucking, eating, sucking and more
fucking.  Every one of them took a turn on me, eating me,
fucking me, ramming their rods into me, until my cunt felt
numb from all that pounding, ass ached, my lips were
rubbery from all that cock-sucking and my legs were
quivering jelly.

About five in the morning, we all fell into an exhausted
slumber, huddled together like a litter of new-born puppies
in the middle of the pile of cushions.  No one was going
to go home and miss out on an incredible weekend of
sex!

       *          *         *

Waking first the next morning, I went upstairs to wash. 
Geordi joined me a few minutes later and he and I fucked
passionately in the shower until the others began coming
into the bathroom and demanding their turns.  It was the
most amazing weekend of my life.  We kept at it until late
Sunday night and by Saturday afternoon I had lost track
of the number of times I had cum, the number of times
they had cum, the gallons of cum I swallowed, the miles
of cock that were rammed into me....

The six of us still get together regularly and sometimes we
even play poker, but not often.  It's a challenging job to
keep all five of their hard cocks happy, but someone has
to do it ;-)
