Copyright © 1997,  Pedros.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.







                                            THE POKER GAME

                                                Chapter Three

                        "Hi, guys."
                        "Hi, Matt."
                        "Hello, Matt."
                         "Hi."
                         Three boys turned towards me as I walked into the kitchen. They were at the fridge getting a drink and I joined them while Jimmy rummaged through a cupboard drawer for a pack of cards.
                          "Jimmy tells me you are all bored," I said, putting my hands on the shoulders of the two boys closest to me.
                             "Yeah," replied the lad on my left, leaning in slightly towards me when I touched him. It was Todd Martin, the tallest of the three. He was a slim lad, blonde haired, a light sprinkle of freckles and the cutest dimples when he smiled. He looked rather effeminate in the face, with his fine cheek bones and full lips but his body was definitely that of a young boy. In spite of being tall, he wasn’t awkward in his movements and was a fine basketballer, his body slenderly athletic. He was wearing only a tee-shirt, cut-off jean shorts and a pair of Reeboks, open at the top as all the cool dudes wore them these days with no socks. He had an air of assurance about him and I guessed he was the oldest of the group.
                             "I reckon we can do something about that," I said to him, giving his shoulder a squeeze. He leant in a little closer and our hips touched. This very deliberate body contact elicited the first stirrings in my shorts and I glanced down and saw I was already making a bulge in the front of my soft flannel shorts. I wondered whether I should have put underpants on. The knob of my penis was clearly visible under the soft clinging fabric and I knew I would not be able to hide it from the boys. Then I realised I didn’t want to or need to. Jimmy and I hoped to show, and see, a lot more before the day was done.
                              I suddenly realised Todd was also looking down at me and I turned towards him. He was nearly as tall as me. He looked up from my pants and into my eyes and licked his lips and smiled. My heart skipped a beat when I saw that as I knew there was going to be no trouble from this boy when the fun and games began.
                       "I hope so," said the boy under my right hand. It was Dan Vanders. He popped the top of his can of drink and turned towards me without breaking the contact with my hand on his shoulder. He was the shortest of the boys, blonde hair and yet a beautifully tanned skin. He seemed to have a naturally olive complexion as I recalled from that day at the camp when I had almost caught him looking at me in the showers. I had noted his buttocks and groin were not the pale white like the other boys and I had wondered then whether he might have come from a nudist family; but I think now it might just be a natural skin colour. I looked forward to finding out! 
                         He had the brightest of blue eyes and a really cheeky look about him.  He was a typical 'Dennis the Menace’ boy and I found him the most attractive of the three.  He, too, was wearing only a tee-shirt but, in spite of the humid weather, had on a pair of jeans (with a tantalising hole near the top of his thigh at the back - through which I caught a glimpse of skin and yellow undies when I came up behind him while he was bending into the fridge to get his drink) and a pair of ankle-high sneakers laced up.    
                     Danny had a well built young body, tapering from the top to the bottom and looked like a miniature version of Michelangelo’s 'David’ when he was in the nude. He had made such an impression on me when I had seen him naked at camp that, by just closing my eyes, I could conjure up his image quite clearly. The feel of his firm flesh under my hand and my thoughts caused further stirrings in my pants and I thought I’d better slow down a bit.
                     "What about a game of cards?" I suggested, removing my hands from their shoulders and stepping back a little.
                     "I only know how to play poker," said Eric, walking away from the fridge to sit at the table with Jimmy.
                     "That sounds fine by me," I said as I moved over towards him. I saw his eyes flicker to the front of my shorts and knew he could see me outlined within them and I smiled inside. Jimmy had certainly chosen well. I did not think there would be any worries at all in getting all of these boys to join in our plan. 
                    I stood beside Eric and ruffled his short dark hair. "Its the only game I know too, sport."
                     He blushed and looked down and found himself only inches away from my groin. I was watching Jimmy watching Eric and I smiled when I saw the expression on Jimmy’s face. It was obvious my hardening penis was bulging the front of my shorts - I could feel it. And I knew the soft material did nothing to hide it. In fact, it accentuated it. And, from the look on Jimmy’s face, Eric was getting an eyeful! Jimmy glanced up at me and gave a wink and a conspiratorial smile. 
                     "Watcha lookin’ at, Eric?" he said teasingly. I frowned at him, but with a smile.
                    Poor Eric. He didn’t know what to do or where to look. He stammered a couple of unintelligible words then fell silent, looking at his teasing friend. I felt sorry for the youngster and moved away to sit in a chair opposite him. He was blushing crimson and found it hard to look at me.
                    I reached across the table and put my hand over his. "Take no notice of him, Eric. Its my fault. I guess I should have put on some undies. But I didn’t know I was going to entertain four young men today," I lied. He blushed again because, by my words, I had made it clear I knew what he had been looking at and I had drawn everyone’s attention to the fact I had nothing on under my shorts. "But, what the heck!" I went on. "We’re all guys. We’ve all got one ... haven’t we?" I looked inquiringly at each of the boys in turn. "Well?" I said after a long moment of silence and they all laughed and answered yes , they had. "Hmmm!" I wondered. "You don’t seem too sure about that." They all giggled again. "Maybe we’ll have to do something to find out whether you do or don’t," I continued, looking from one to the other.
                    "What do you mean?" asked Eric, a little nervously, but at the same time relieved I had drawn attention away from him. He was a slightly plump young lad, still at the 'puppy-fat’ stage but not overweight, sweet looking, dark brown hair cropped short and large dark eyes. He was dressed in an open necked shirt, blue jeans and also in laced up Reeboks. I guessed him to be about the same age as Jimmy.
                     "We could play strip poker," I said. "Its just the same as ordinary poker but the loser of each hand has to take an article of clothing off. That way I’d get to see if you do have something between your legs."
                      "Only if we lose," said Dan. "You might end up losing and we’d get to see that thing of yours."  They all laughed.
                      "I wouldn’t mind if you did," I responded. "What about you? Would you mind showing me yours?"
                       That made them stop and think. 
                       "I wouldn’t mind," Todd said after a short pause. He blushed when he said it though. "What about you, Dan. Are you game?"
                        Dan looked at the older boy. He knew he was being challenged and didn’t want to lose face. "No worries," he said boldly, but I saw  a hint of nervousness in his eyes.
                        They all looked at Eric. "I dunno," he began. "What if someone comes? What if you guys tell? I’ve never done this before. It’s all right for you lot. You’ve got brothers. I don’t."
                        He was obviously nervous and I felt I should intervene before he got distressed. I stood up and went over to him and put my hands on his shoulders. "Its okay, Eric. We understand. If you don’t want to join us, that’s fine. We will still be able to have a game between the four of us. You can sit in the lounge and watch TV until we’ve finished. We might be a while though. If we take too long, you’ll be able to let yourself out, won’t you?"
                        Eric sat silently, taking in my words. I knew he didn’t want to be left out and by letting him know the alternative, I knew he would make up his mind pretty quickly. Jimmy had begun shuffling the pack of cards he had taken out of the cupboard drawer and Eric watched him.
                        "All right," he finally said. "I’ll play. But you better not tell!"
                         "No-one will tell anyone anything. Will they?" I said, looking at each of the boys, who shook their heads. "What we see and do here is only between us." The boys nodded agreement, all a little nervous now the decision had been made. "Okay, " I continued. "The rules are this. It’s Show Poker and at the end of each hand, whoever loses has to take off one bit of clothing. If someone has nothing more to take off, " I grinned around at them, "he has to pay a forfeit. He has to do what the winner of that hand tells him. No 'ifs’ or 'buts’. Agreed?"
                       "Agreed," the four boys responded simultaneously. They were starting to get caught up in the excitement.
                       "Okay. All get a seat and Jimmy can deal first as he’s got the cards."
                       "But what if someone’s got less clothes on?" Eric asked as we sat around the table and Jimmy began dealing out the cards.
                       "It doesn’t matter, really. Someone gets naked a bit quicker than the others. If they lose, that is. As it is, I’ve got the least on. I can only lose twice!" I said. "The aim of the game is to get everyone naked anyhow,"
                        "Let’s make Matt lose twice!" Danny laughed.  
                        "You can try," I laughed back. "It’s the third time that will be interesting. You better start thinking of what you can make me do!"
                        While we were carrying on, Jimmy dealt the cards and the boys got down to some serious playing. Would you believe, but I lost the first hand and had to remove my shirt, much to the boys’ delight. I knew they were all willing me to lose the next, but that wasn’t to be.
                         Danny was the first of them to begin undressing and he took off his shirt. He made a real show of taking it off, teasing us with glimpses of his dark nipples before lifting it over his head to reveal his beautifully developed chest. He truly was a miniature Adonis, almost as beautiful as my Jimmy. His muscles were well defined and I had to keep myself from reaching over and stroking him. It wasn’t time for that, yet.
                         Danny lost the next two hands and I felt myself becoming erect as he stood up and put his foot on the chair beside me to take off his shoes. He bent over to unlace his sneakers and my eyes travelled down his smooth tanned side to where he was covered by his jeans. He didn’t wear a belt and his jeans hung low on his hips, the tops of his buttocks exposed to us. My eyes continued lower, along his stocky legs to his feet. With his foot raised, his jeans leg had ridden up and I could see his slim ankle as he unlaced his shoe, opening it up as he did so bringing more of his foot to my sight. He did not wear socks. 
                         The boys were more interested in the flesh being exposed around the waist of his jeans and through the hole in them than in his feet, and had begun making ribald comments, which Danny just ignored. My penis was almost fully erect by the time he removed his second sneaker and I saw him looking at the tent it made in my shorts as he placed the shoe with its mate on the floor. I felt him look up at me, but my eyes were fixed on his bared foot and I guess he realised what was turning me on because he moved his foot towards me on the chair. 
                       His feet were as beautifully proportioned as the rest of him, the sides straight, the arch high. The tendons of his toes rippled across the top of his foot as he flexed them, then massaged each one, easing the strain of their confinement within his sneakers from them. His toes were stocky like the rest of him, a gap between the fourth and big toe, the smaller toes touching each other. The nails were trimmed and clean, the ends of each toe rounded. I needed to feel them.
                   I reached out and put my hand around his ankle then stroked it down the length of his foot and over his toes and off. I looked into his eyes. "Very nice," I said softly, just to him. The other boys had lost interest and were dealing the next hand. Danny looked straight back at me, and the expression on his face told me he was uncertain of what exactly was happening between us, but at the same time was curious and a little pleased at the effect he was having on me. He said nothing, but glanced back down at my lap before removing his foot from the chair and sitting down.
                    Eric lost the next hand and was embarrassed as he unbuttoned his shirt and took it off. I was interested in seeing him because I couldn’t remember him being one of the boys in the showers at camp. As he removed his shirt, I could see he was less developed than the other boys. His chest was that of a young boy, unlike Danny’s, and his nipples were small, pale nubs on puppy-fat breasts. He looked almost like a pre-pubescent girl and I could understand his embarrassment in front of the others. Todd didn’t help by reaching out and tweaking one of his nipples.
                     "Ouch! Cut it out, Todd! I’m not going to play this if you’re going to be stupid!"
                      Eric looked as though he might have gotten up and left so I thought I’d better intervene, but Todd saved the situation. "I’m sorry, Eric," he said, putting his hand on the smaller boy’s shoulder. "I didn’t mean to upset you. Its just I like your body." He blushed. "I mean ... I wasn’t trying to make fun. I just wanted to touch you..." He trailed off, his face red at his own words. The other boys didn’t say anything.
                       "Hey, its okay. Both of you. You shouldn’t be ashamed of your body, Eric. And you shouldn’t be ashamed about being attracted to him, Todd. We are all different shapes and sizes and we are all attracted to different shapes and sizes. It would be really boring if it wasn’t that way, wouldn’t it?" The boys all glanced towards me and nodded. Jimmy gave me a conspiratorial wink, letting me know everything was okay.
                         "Let’s get back to the game," he said, shuffling the cards again to deal.
                         The boys all took it in turns to lose for the next few hands and we were soon all sitting around the table bare to the waist. My penis was in a permanent state of semi-erectness at the sight of the young flesh before me. Jimmy and Dan were the two most beautiful, with their firm chests and large dark nipples. Todd was pale, his chest thinly fleshed, his nipples pale pink rosettes, while Eric was tanned but slightly plump. They were still both attractive young boys, though, and I was looking forward to seeing them fully naked. It wasn’t going to be too long, the way the game was progressing.
                         "Uh oh!" Dan was looking at the cards spread on the table. "Looks like I lose again." He stood up and undid the button on his jeans and slid the zipper down. The others began to whistle. Danny grinned and wriggled his hips like a stripper, slowly lowering his jeans. They caught on his underpants as he pushed them down and I was given a tantalizing glimpse of pale olive buttock flesh before his underpants snapped back. The sight I was left with was just as exciting. Danny dropped his jeans to the floor and stepped out of them. He was left standing only in a yellow pair of hipster briefs. They were very erotic against his tanned skin, but it was the bulge in front that I was most interested in (and I guessed Jimmy was as well). 
                          Dan’s undies did little to hide what was in them. The boy’s penis was firm, jutting into the soft material and the rounded plum of his glans was outlined quite clearly. He didn’t appear to be stiff and he jiggled with his movements as he kicked his jeans behind his chair. Beneath the jut of his organ, his balls made quite a bulge in the pouch of his pants. They appeared heavy and quite large, almost adult size, the two eggs distinctly outlined. I was surprised and more than a little intrigued by them. How I wanted to see him! My penis by this time was hard and upstanding, tenting my shorts. 
                         Danny pirouetted once before resuming his seat and, as he turned my way, I saw him glance down at my lap and give a smile. I reached out and put a hand on his bare thigh when he was seated, softly rubbing up and down from his knee to the leg of his underpants. He didn’t stop me, but put his hand over mine to let me know it was all right. I stopped my hand at the top of his thigh and felt him turn it against his bulging groin. I slid a finger under the elastic rim of his underpants leg and touched the bare flesh of his scrotum, sliding it below the soft, sweaty sack, feeling his testes sliding around inside. Danny jumped as I touched him and the hand over mine squeezed tightly, but he didn’t try to pull me away and I stroked over his warm eggs. They were as large as I had guessed and the skin over them was smooth and rubbery. I was becoming very excited and, fortunately, Jimmy brought me back.
                         "Hey, Uncle Matt. Not yet! Hands on the table." He had a cheeky grin on his face.
                          The other two boys looked at Danny and me and realised what was going on and gave bashful grins, I think suddenly understanding what might be in store and still a little tremulous about it. Danny also blushed and gave an embarrassed giggle as I removed my finger from under his undies and my hand from his groin, giving his leg a final stroking before putting my hands on the table.
                            "What’s up?" I asked innocently. "I was just looking for my card. I thought I’d dropped it." I grinned. "Dan was helping me look for it. Right, Dan?"
                           "Oh yeah!" Jimmy laughed and the others joined in. "We all believe that!"
                           " Was it in his undies?" Todd asked. "I saw you take your hand out."  He was sitting the other side of Danny and must have seen me when Jimmy drew attention to us.
                                "You jealous?" Danny asked him, grinning.
                                "Who me?" Todd replied. Then he laughed. "Yes!" and they all cracked up again.
                          "Come on. Deal the cards," I said, laughing along with them. The game was getting interesting. The boys were all hooked into it and I felt that all of them would stay until the end and do whatever was asked of them. There was an air of anticipation, a smell of nervous excitement in the kitchen. It seemed as though we had just reached a point where they had made the decision to relax and enjoy what was going to eventuate.   


Continued.........................


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....