Copyright  © 1997, Pedros,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.




                                            THE POKER GAME



                                              CHAPTER FOUR

                      "You lose, Uncle Matt!" Jimmy hooted and the boys all clapped. Now was the moment of truth. I would be the first one naked.
                      I was pleased it was me because by me being naked and demonstrating I was prepared to expose myself, plus the fact I was erect, I thought would make it so much easier for the boys to do likewise. Or else it would scare them off and put an end to the game. It was a nervous moment.
                      I stood up, my shorts doing nothing to hide my state and I saw four pairs of eyes drop. Teasingly I turned my back to them. I wriggled my hips as I slowly lowered my pants, exposing my buttocks to them. They all hooted and clapped some more. I prided myself on my fitness and I knew the shape of my body would be pleasing to the boys. My buttocks were firm and tanned. I bent forward from the waist, my legs straight and slightly spread and lowered my shorts to my ankles, knowing the boys were looking between my buttocks and could see my balls hanging between my thighs. Their whooping and clapping had ceased and I could sense them all watching me intently. I raised one leg from my shorts and spread wider, still bent over. I knew my penis was just visible to them below my testicles. and I took the end of it and pulled it downwards then let it go again. It sprang up and slapped my belly, making a solid 'Whack!’ and one of the boys, I think it was Eric, said, "Wow!". Another gave a nervous laugh.
                          I stood up straight and stretched my arms above my head then turned slowly around, my hands clasped behind my head. It was now or never. The boys were all silent. My heart was beating fast because what happened from this moment on would determine the outcome of the afternoon. I was giving them permission to be uninhibited. They would either accept or reject. I faced them, naked and exposed. The boys’ eyes were glued to my erection. They were all fascinated and Jimmy looked up at me and smiled. The other boys said and did nothing, although I saw their breathing quicken and their eyes not stray from my groin.
                        It was okay.  I let out my breath and relaxed a little.
                        I took my seat and Todd dealt the next hand. I could see Danny staring at my penis still and I turned slightly towards him and opened my legs a little. If he wanted to look, I’d give him the best view. He eased himself inside his underpants and sat back on his seat and I could see he, too, was erect, his yellow briefs tented. It looked to be a nice size, a good match for his large testes and I wanted to see it. I willed him to lose the next hand! 
                         He didn’t.
                        Todd did. He was still wearing his cutoff shorts and Reeboks and I expected him to take off the shoes. He surprised us by standing up and starting to lower the denim shorts.
                            "Heeeeey, boy!!" Danny whistled. "Now we’re groovin’"
                            Todd said nothing but looked straight at me and dragged his pants from his hips. He wasn’t wearing underpants! Once past his hips, the tall lad let go of his shorts and they dropped to the floor, leaving him standing bare before us. All eyes again went straight to the most interesting area, mine included. Todd had a long, skinny penis and it was half stiff, curving out from his hairless groin. He was uncircumcised and the foreskin protruded completely over his glans, the prepuce a wrinkled fold of skin almost closed up at the tip. His testes were small but dangling in a very loose sack at least an inch and a half from his body. I had never seen a boy hung like that before. They swayed delightfully with his every movement and I could see the other boys were as fascinated as me by them. I lifted my gaze and looked at Todd in total. He was slim, almost skinny, his body straight up and down. His belly was slightly convex and his navel protruded from its centre, a neat little button about the size of his pale nipples. His hip bones were visible but his buttocks were still nicely fleshed as I saw when he turned to flick his shorts from around his feet. His legs were long and lanky, the thighs and calves completely devoid of any hair. His slim ankles disappeared into his open-necked Reeboks and he looked utterly delectable standing naked dressed only in them. In spite of his slender frame, Todd looked athletic rather than skinny.
                             My eyes ran back up to his groin and, much to the delight of the other boys and to his embarrassment, his penis was stiffening under our scrutiny. As it slowly erected, the foreskin was stretched tighter over the swelling glans and the end began to pull back exposing the pale pink of his knob. Todd brought his hands around to cover himself.
                            "Uhn-uhn!" I said, looking up at his blushing face. "I didn’t hide myself, did I? Let us look at you, Todd. You’ll get to see all of them in a while. There’s no need to be shy."
                          I got up and walked around to him, my erection even harder now and stood behind him while I was talking and I reached out and took his forearms and put them back by his sides. My penis touched his buttocks and I pressed forward slightly to let him feel me against him. He stiffened when he became aware of what it was against his skin, but relaxed within a moment.
                            "That’s great," I told him quietly, my mouth near his ear so the others couldn’t hear. "You’ve got a lovely body. Don’t ever be ashamed of it." I then went back to my seat. Dan’s eyes were fixed on my hardness as I came around him and sat down. I glanced in my lap and saw a glistening drop of pre-cum starting to ooze from my slit. I would soon be leaking very obviously and I wondered how the boys would deal with that. The fact that Jimmy had found it intriguing and had been excited by it when he had first noticed it made me think these boys would also be interested. I knew Dan could see it now so I did not bother to hide it or wipe it off.
                             Todd was smiling as he sat down again, no doubt pleased he had gotten through the first challenge okay and maybe because I had let him know he looked great. I saw him touch himself and look at Eric and the younger boy blushed, but he didn’t look away from what Todd was doing. It was obvious to me that Todd was attracted to the younger boy and I thought this quite odd because they were so unlike in physical appearance, yet both were beautiful in an almost girlish way. Jimmy and Dan, on the other hand, were truly masculine, even at their young ages and there was a definite attraction between them (and me to them!).
                      The cards had been dealt again while I was musing and we played the hand out. Todd lost again and I thought I caught a little grimace of disappointment from Eric, not that Todd had lost, but that he hadn’t. He was the most dressed of us all and I think he was wanting to be like the others. Todd stood up, his penis still erect. I noticed the glans was still covered by the stretched foreskin but it had retracted enough to expose the top of his glans, molding itself over the swollen head in a very alluring way. It made his penis look like a smooth rocket, jutting up from his pubes.
                         Todd only had his Reeboks to remove and he slid them off swiftly and sat down. I never even got to see his feet which was very disappointing. I looked over at Jimmy and he shrugged his shoulders at me as if to say,"Bad luck," but he smiled to let me know he would help me get to indulge our fantasies.
                        It was my turn to deal and Eric lost. He grinned triumphantly and stood up. He had his jeans and sneakers on and he elected to remove his shoes. I think he really wanted to take his jeans off but he wouldn’t have been able to take them from his legs with his shoes on so he removed them instead. He put his foot on his chair to undo the laces and I watched in anticipation as he did so. Again I was to be disappointed. Eric was wearing socks and I still could see nothing when his shoes were removed. I think Eric was disappointed, too, as the others didn’t show much interest when they saw what was exposed. Jimmy took the cards and began dealing before Eric had even sat down. The party was in danger of falling flat, like my penis. I realised it had started to wilt and I put my hand in my lap to try to stimulate it again. It didn’t do much good.
                      Eric lost the next hand and he smiled again. He was now hoping he would lose. I think he wanted to show the others he was as game as them and maybe also wanted to let Todd see him naked. But he didn’t stand up. He just undid his belt and pushed his jeans down, easing his backside off the chair to lower them and reaching under the table to take them off his legs. He threw them into the corner behind him. Dan, Jimmy and I couldn’t see what he still had on.
                         "Hey! That’s not fair!" Jimmy protested. "Stand up so we can see as well."
                         "Yeah," echoed Dan. "Matt and Todd showed us, now its your turn."
                          Eric blushed. He wasn’t as brave as he made out, but the boy’s comments gave him no alternative. Shyly he stood up. He was nude.
                          "Hands by your sides!" Jimmy said, smiling.
                          Slowly Eric took his hands away from in front of him and put them by his sides, exposing himself to us all. He had an erection but it was a little thin stalk jutting upright from a pudgy pubic mound devoid of hair. His testes were two bumps either side of his perineum, the skin over them smooth and pale. He was really undeveloped and I would have felt sorry for him ... if he hadn’t look so beautiful. Todd seemed to think so, too, judging by the way he was looking at his young friend.
                          Eric’s puppy-fat gave his young body an almost feminine appearance, his angles softly rounded. His chest had what were almost a young girl’s pre-pube breasts with pale pink aureoles around nubby nipples. His belly was slightly rounded, his navel deep-set. There was an indent at the base of his belly then the slight bulge of of his pubic ridge. The base of his penis seemed to protrude from a cave, the surrounding flesh plump and seeming to fold around the little hard shaft. But his penis was beautiful, smooth and pale, unblemished and capped by an exquisitely formed glans. He was uncircumcised but his foreskin left his crown exposed when he was erect. It was a darker shade of pink. A trace of pale blue veins showed faintly beneath the thin skin of his member. The ridge along its underside flowed smoothly into the ridge that ran between his thighs and buttocks. His testes straddled this ridge, two little eggs held tightly under the skin in their pouch. The tubes running around them were visible under his pale skin. His thighs were smooth for as far as I could see, the table blocking my view of his lower legs.
                          Eric slowly lost his shyness as we all looked at him and he realised we were not going to make comment on his size compared to myself, Todd and what we could deduce about Dan under his underpants. Jimmy still had his shorts on and only I knew what delicacies were hidden by them at this stage. After a few moments of being under our scrutiny, Eric sat down. Again I had not got to see the boy’s feet. I was getting a little frustrated, but I was unsure of how to let the boys know what it was I wanted to see without being explicit and I didn’t know how they would react to that. They had only begun to get used to being undressed in front of each other and me and, whilst they seemed to be okay about it, I was still a little worried that it would not take much for them to change their minds. I was in a little bit of a dilemma, not knowing which way to go next.
                         But Jimmy saved the day for me. I was the loser of the next round and he won the hand. It could not have been better.
                         "Forfeit! Forfeit!" the boys cried when they saw my losing hand.
                      "Jimmy, you’ve got to make Matt do something because he’s got nothing left to take off," said Dan. Did I detect a hint of eagerness and maybe longing in his voice? I’m pretty sure I did.
                      I leaned back in my chair and looked at my nephew, waiting for him to decide my 'punishment’. He gave the impression of deep, concentrated thought. 
                       Then he looked at me, a gleam in his eye, and said," I want you to remove Eric’s socks." 
                        The boys groaned. It didn’t sound very exciting for a forfeit.
                        "With your teeth!" Jimmy added and laughed. The boys all hooted along with him. Now it was getting interesting.
                        I stood up and walked around to Eric’s chair, my half-erect penis curving out thickly and now shiny with pre-cum.  I could feel it rising under the boys’ stares and Eric gazed at it in awe as I came up to him. I think he wondered what I was going to do with it.
                      It was highly erotic being naked and moving around in front of the boys. I could feel their eyes all over my body, especially around my penis and testes and focused on my buttocks when my back was to them. If this went as I hoped, there would be no stopping the journey we had begun, I could make my needs known, and it would then just be a case of getting everyone naked.
                      "Stand up, Eric," I said to the boy as I came up to him. "And lie on the table." The boys whooped with delight at that. Eric just looked at me, a touch of anxiety in his eyes. "It’s okay, buddy. I’m not going to hurt you," I reassured him. "It will just make it easier for me. I’m getting too old to kneel down to the floor!" He laughed nervously at that and stood up, a little too quick and unbalanced, stumbling against me. He put his hands out to steady himself and put them right in my groin, one over my penis, the other on my upper thigh and balls. This made him more flustered and he pulled his hands away which made him fall flat against me, my erection trapped against his bare chest, his hands slipping around my hips and clutching my buttocks. He scrambled himself upright and away from me, much to the delight of the other boys, who thought the whole thing hilarious.
                      "I’m sorry, Matt," Eric stammered, his face bright red. "I didn’t mean to...Uh...I...."
                      "Hey, Eric. That’s fine. I enjoyed it! You can touch me any time!" I smiled at him. He blushed even more, the colour descending onto his chest. "Come on. Get on the table so I can complete my forfeit or we’ll never get the game finished."
                      I took his shoulders and eased him back against the table. The rim of it came just below his buttocks and I leaned him backwards  onto its surface until he lay on his back, his legs trailing down over the edge. This position thrust his little stiff penis and bulging balls very conspicuously into our view and the boys stood up around the table to see him better. I was standing in front of Eric and I placed my hands under his thighs and spread his dangling legs, moving myself between them and lifting them at the same time. Eric wriggled his way further onto the table to enable his feet to be put on the surface and I let my eyes feast on his body spread open before me. He was looking around at the boys, all of them obviously aroused now, Todd’s long, slender erection aimed directly at Eric’s face, Dan’s making a large tent in his underpants, Jimmy’s doing likewise in his shorts and mine exposed and thrusting out thick and hard and really beginning to leak. When Eric saw how the boys were reacting to him being exposed so openly, he visibly relaxed and let himself look at the sexual organs around him. He even reached out towards Todd’s and let his hand brush against his friend’s length before putting it on the table underneath Todd’s hanging testicles. I saw Todd lower himself until his balls touched Eric’s palm but neither of them did more than that. I think they tried to make it look as though it was all accidental and that they were unaware of what they were doing. But I knew better.
                     While all this was going on, I had raised Eric’s sock-clad feet onto the table. I held his feet in my hands and leaned forward to run my face down his right calf towards his ankle and the top of the sock. His skin was smooth and soft and utterly hairless. I could feel his feet writhing under my hands as I opened my mouth over his skin, letting my tongue leave a trail down his shin. I tasted the sweet taste of his flesh and could smell the boy smell coming from his groin below me. 
                      I took the top of his sock in my teeth and began pulling it down over his ankle. My eyes were looking straight between his spread thighs, his genitals only inches from me, his cleft and anus exposed to my gaze. His skin was baby-smooth all over and a creamy complexion. His penis was a slightly darker cream, as was the skin over his testes, and the line from his penis to his anus was darker yet again. The anal entrance was almost invisible, just a slightly darker pucker of skin in the crevice between his plump buttocks.
                      While I dragged the sock downwards, I lifted his foot from the table, my other hand stroking up his leg to the top of his thigh, just touching his right testicle with the tips of my fingers then back to his ankle. Slowly his foot was exposed to me. I had a little difficulty getting the sock below his heel but by twisting my face around it I was eventually able to succeed. It was then easy to draw it off his foot. I dropped it on the floor and then began licking Eric’s toes. His foot was small, high arched and stubby toed. The nails were clean cut, the odour faint. His toes were closely packed, the large toe bending inwards towards its neighbour. I licked across their tops then raised his foot and tongued along the groove beneath them. 
                       He squirmed on the table and I saw the other boys lay their hands on him to keep him still. None of them was saying anything. I think they now certainly realised things were starting to develop beyond the poker game. Todd put his hand right on Eric’s little shaft, then wrapped his fingers around it, encasing it completely. Jimmy put his hand over Todd’s. Dan had moved around to be alongside Jimmy and I saw him leaning in to touch his body to my nephew’s. 
                       I turned my attention back to the Eric’s foot. I put the one I was holding back down on the table and picked up the other and removed the sock. The practice on the first one made this an easier task and I was soon holding his bare left foot in my hand. It was a twin to its mate, even down to the curved-in big toe. I licked across the top of his toes, then underneath before slipping my mouth over his big toe. I began sucking it, using my tongue to press up under the knob and tease its underside. It was like sucking a warm, roughened plum and I swirled my tongue around it, enjoying the feel and taste of it in my mouth. I was holding his leg up straight and one hand massaged the ball of his foot while my other caressed under his leg from ankle to thigh. My penis was achingly erect now as I sucked him, using my fingers to stroke the tendons and sinews of his upper foot and my thumb to press and mold the fleshy sole.
                     Eric was now arched back on the table, his young body taut and stretched making him appear slimmer. His penis was still encased in Todd’s hand and he was now holding Todd’s testicles, his hand wrapped around the boy’s sack. Dan was stroking Eric’s chest, fondling and teasing his nipples into stiffness. I saw a small patch of wetness on the front of his underpants and realised with excitement that he was able to come and I would probably get to see it. It almost made me come!
                     I suddenly felt a hand wrap around my organ and I groaned, my mouth still full of Eric’s toe, and it was all I could do to stop myself from ejaculating. Jimmy had come up beside me and it was he who was holding me. He knew I was close to climaxing and he didn’t do anything to hasten me along. He squeezed my shaft just the once and released me, taking hold of Eric’s other foot. He raised it up to his mouth and took the big toe in and began sucking on it. He copied me, stroking the boy’s leg and foot while he sucked. We pulled Eric’s legs wider apart, our caressing hands moving up the inside of each leg to meet at their junction in his groin. It was more than poor Eric could take and he gave a cry and spasmed, his young body jerking, his feet squirming in our grasp. Jimmy and I held fast, sucking harder on his toes and watching the youngster writhing. It was extremely erotic. Todd held his penis and Dan tweaked his nipples and Eric moaned and bucked under our ministrations.
                     Finally he stilled.
                     "Yuk!" said Todd, unclasping his hand from around Eric’s penis. The palm was shiny with fluid and he looked at it curiously. "You pee’d or something!" he cried. "Look!" He pointed to Eric’s softening boyhood. "Its covered in goo! So’s my hand!"
                      I was surprised. Eric didn’t look developed enough to have climaxed, but he certainly had. I removed his toe from my mouth and smiled at Todd. "Its not 'goo’ or 'pee’, Todd. Its sperm. It’s what comes out of us when we have a climax, or come. It won’t hurt you."
                      "In fact it’s rather nice," piped up Jimmy, squeezing Eric’s foot. "Haven’t you guys ever come before?"
                       "Not me," gasped Eric, leaning up on his elbows and looking at himself in surprise. He touched his sticky penis, and brought his finger up to have a look at his discharge.
                       "Me neither," Todd said, not knowing what to do with his wet hand. 
                         "I have," Dan said. "Or at least I think I have. I woke up one night with sticky stuff on me and in my bed. I was really scared. I thought I’d broken something." He laughed, rubbing Eric’s chest. "It sure looks as though it feels good. I can’t remember how mine felt. All I could remember was a nice sort of dream and then I woke up wet."
                          Eric sat up. "It did feel terrific," he said. "But scary, too. I didn’t know what was happening and I couldn’t stop it. It just started and sort of took over. Oohh. I’m still all tingly." 
                          "I’m surprised, Eric. You don’t look as though you are developed enough to come. Looks can be deceiving, can’t they?" I said to him and he beamed. He felt really important and grown up. "That was supposed to be my forfeit. A good one for you." 
                           I reached over to the counter behind me and got a hand towel from its hook and passed it to Todd. "Here, use this to wipe yourself. I reckon you should clean Eric as well seeing as how you made him come."
                           "Me?" Todd said innocently. "I was only holding him. Did that make you come, Eric?"
                            "That ... and what you and Jimmy were doing, Matt. It felt really nice you playing and sucking my toes." He got down off the table and took the towel from Todd and wiped his shrunken penis. His testes were still tight. "Wow! My legs feel a bit wonky after that!" He sat back in his chair.
                        "You look as though you are coming, too, Matt." Dan said, looking at me as I moved back towards my chair. He had reseated himself.
                         I looked down and there was a streak of pre-cum down the length of my penis. "No, Dan. I haven’t come yet. That’s a fluid that leaks out when we get excited. It helps lubricate our penises so we can make love more easily. Your’s is leaking, too."
                        He looked down in surprise at the wet mark on his underpants. "Really? Jeez! I feel all funny down there but I didn’t know that was ...." He pulled the front of his briefs out and looked at himself. "Wow! I am ..."
                       I leaned over and looked down with him. His penis was magnificent. It was jutting upwards in his pants, the red head covered in his fluids, the slit on top secreting another clear droplet. It was about four inches long, circumcised as far as I could tell, and about twice as thick as my thumb.
                       "Why don’t you and Jimmy take your clothes off,"  Eric suggested. "Todd, Matt and me are undressed."
                        "’Cause we’re going to finish the game," Jimmy retorted. "I’ve got a few more forfeits to give out yet."
                        "That’s only if you win and we lose," Eric replied. "Its your turn to deal, Matt. Make Dan and Jimmy lose!"
                       I pulled my eyes away from Danny’s lap and picked up the cards. There was still a lot more excitement left in this game and I could prolong my discovery of this glorious youngster for a little longer.


Still more to come...............................


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....