Archive-name: 3plus/pokeradv.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Big Poker Game, The


   In order to do justice to this description of a unique poker game I need
   to introduce  the players.   Ladies first  naturally, Ceil  is a  petite
   red-head  with  measurements  that  run  34-23-35 and besides having the
   tightest pussy I have ever experienced  is a ball of fire in  bed.  Dian
   is more  demure brunette  5 feet  4 plainer  than the  other ladies with
   smaller tits and a fantastic ass that as it turns out really gets hot in
   a bi-sexual grouping.  Carol is a tall perfectly proportioned blond with
   a figure that runs  36-25-36 over her 5  foot eleven inch frame,  and an
   equally diverse  sexual appetite.   Patti is  a petite  dirty blond with
   young firm tits and  a fantastic ass, she  loves to suck cock  and pussy
   and takes her time giving pleasure.  For myself I sport a 10 inch rod on
   my 6 foot 180 pound frame and  just love to suck and fuck pussy,  mouth,
   and assholes of as many women as I can.

   To start  the ladies  made me  set the  rules for  the game,  which were
   simply five card draw nothing wild except for the sex.  All players must
   ante and no raises.   The winner is the  holder of the highest  hand and
   the looser the holder  of the low hand.   The winner gets to  remove the
   lost piece  of clothing  and do  whatever he  or she  wants to what gets
   uncovered.  The looser can ask for additional stimulation as long as  it
   doesn't require the removal of additional clothing.

   I had a  feeling this was  a setup since  all of my  poker partners were
   dressed  in  similar  outfits,  skirts  and  blouses, with more than one
   showing hard stiff nipples even at this early stage of our adventure.

   HAND 1:

   This first hand went quickly with Dian winning over Ceil both girls were
   a bit nervous as they left the table but Dian wasted no time in removing
   Ceil's  blouse  revealing  her  small  firm  tits  with their erect pink
   nipples.  The site  of this had  me fully erect  immediately.  Dian gave
   Ceil a full deep  kiss then descend to  her firm naked breasts  fondling
   them and sucking hard on Ceil's  stiff pink nipples as though they  were
   miniature cocks.  Ceil  took Dian's hand  and pushed it  under her short
   skirt  and  from  Ceil's  ever  increasing  moans  of  pleasure  and the
   squishing sounds I knew Dian's fingers were fully inserted up Ceil's hot
   wet pussy.   After about  two minutes  of this  hot pairing  Ceil had an
   orgasm and Dian  removed her sopping  hand and proceeded  to suck Ceil's
   juices from her fingers.

   HAND 2:

   The girls took their seats and  play resumed.  The next hand was  won by
   Patti with Carol ending up as the looser.  Patti went over to Carol  and
   swiftly removed her blouse loosing the most perfectly formed set of tits
   I have  ever seen.   Patti started  right in  on Carol's fantastic boobs
   sucking and  licking every  inch of  them and  stopping occasionally  to
   lightly nip Carol's inch long  erect pink nipples.  Carol not  being shy
   now that she was being ravaged by Patti pulled up her skirt exposing her
   light  blond  bush  grabbed  Patti's  hand  and forced 3 of Patti's slim
   fingers up her  hot slippery cunt.   Carol climaxed soon  afterward.  To
   show her  future intentions  Patti bend  down pulled  Carol's cunt  lips
   apart and planted a long wet kiss directly on Carol's twat slipping  her
   hot wet tongue up Carol's tight wet love hole.

   HAND 3:

   At the start  of this hand  I had a  raging hard-on just  watching these
   ladies enjoy themselves.  I got lucky and took the hand winning it  over
   Dian.  I could  hardly contain my  delight and lust  at the prospect  of
   sucking on Dian's soft tits and rock hard pink nipples.  I took her away
   from the table and took off her  blouse freeing a set of firm tits  with
   erect pink  nipples nearly  3 quarters  of an  inch long.  I immediately
   began to lick her left tit nipping her hard nipple as I sucked.  At  the
   same time I fondled her right tit and rolled her erect nipple between my
   fingers.  This action really got Dian going and she reached for my  hand
   and moved it between  her legs and under  her skirt.  Her wet  hot pussy
   was great and she  spread her legs wide  opening her cunt to  my probing
   fingers.  I pushed 3 fingers up her tight soft hole and started  rubbing
   her hard clit  with my thumb.   Dian started moaning  loudly almost from
   the second I  had started on  her sweet slit  and climaxed violently  in
   under two minutes.  Removing my  fingers from her pulsing twat  I licked
   and sucked  her sweet  pussy juice  from my  hand and  fingers, her  cum
   tasted great and the look on her face was one of satisfaction.

   HAND 4:

   Well the saying goes "you win some and you lose some" well I lost and if
   this is losing  let me forever  lose.  I lost  my shirt to  Ceil and she
   took off my shirt with a nasty but seductive look.  After I was naked to
   the waist  Ceil rubbed  my cock  thru my  pants until  I thought the cum
   would come out my ears.  She  rubbed her firm hard nippled tits  against
   my chest and let me suck those taught pink nipples.  After a short  time
   she bend down an lightly bit my rock hard erection thru my pants until I
   thought I would lose  it right there.  Only  once she had stopped  did I
   notice her right hand stuffed up under her skirt.  Ceil had been  finger
   fucking her  hot box  the whole  time.  She  offered me  her cum  soaked
   fingers which I promptly licked clean.

   HAND 5:

   As the next hand was dealt I could sense Patti's uneasiness at being the
   only one still fully dressed.  Her disquiet was soon relieved however as
   she lost to Carol.  Carol deftly removed her blouse and went to work  on
   her young firm melons and pert hard nipples.  Patti pulled her skirt  up
   to her waist almost as Carol began to take her nipples between her teeth
   and fingers.   Patti drew  Carol's hand  to her  lightly downed cunt and
   Carol slipped 2 of  her long fingers deeply  up Patti's wet tight  cunt.
   Embracing Patti Carol rubbed her full firm breasts against Patti's  just
   as Patti came to a panting orgasm.  Carol slowly pulled her fingers  out
   of Patti's twitching  pussy and slowly  licked Patti's cum  from each of
   her fingers.

   HAND 6:

   Now that everyone  was naked from  the waist up  things began to  really
   heat up.  As I began to deal the next hand the ladies were rubbing their
   own tits  and Ceil  and Patti  both had  one hand  up under their skirts
   working on their  pussies.  I lost  this hand to  Patti and was  soon to
   learn if her pussy liked to be probed.  Patti moved to my side  stripped
   off my pants  and began by  stroking my ridged  cock.  She moved  to the
   side taking one of  my hands and placing  it on her firm  tit.  I cupped
   her hot tit and began rolling  the rock hard nipple between my  fingers.
   Patti then took my other hand and put it up under her skirt onto her ass
   and rubbed my fingers  up and down from  her hot tight cunt  hole to her
   puckered little asshole  I needed no  further instruction and  rammed my
   fingers up both her wet tight  pussy and throbbing anus.  This made  her
   hot as hell and Patti proceeded to force her wet mouth down covering  my
   straining ten inch meat.  I could feel  the head of my cock go down  her
   throat as  she tickled  my balls  with her  nose.  Patti  then stuck her
   finger up my  asshole I thought  I would loose  it right down  her tight
   throat as she sucked my cock and finger fucked my anus.  I kept pounding
   my fingers in and out  of her cunt and ass  and just as I thought  I was
   about to shoot my massive load down her hot throat Patti stopped sucking
   stood up and  raised her skirt  and pushed that  hot moist slit  into my
   face.  I opened her pussy lips and sucked and licked her wet cunt  until
   she came.  Not missing a stroke Patti spread her legs farther apart  and
   sat down on  my stiff prick.   I could feel  her shiver as  my hard tool
   slipped up her hot wet slit.  Once Patti had my ten inches fully  rammed
   up her vise-like cunt  she began a frantic  up and down stroking  action
   which brought both of us to a moaning orgasm in under three minutes.   I
   kept shooting my  hot sperm up  her sweet tight  cunt till I  thought it
   would come out of her mouth.  After the last of my massive load had been
   milked out of  me by Patti's  pulsing throbbing twat  she bend down  and
   sucked my still hard cock clean swallowing our sweet mixture of cum  and
   cunt juice.  Patti brought her  hand from its position cupping  her cunt
   to her mouth and swallowed the cum that had collected.  Patti then  went
   from girl  to girl  at the  table letting  them lick  some cum  from her
   sopping slit.

   HAND 7:

   After Patti's  display of  her fucking  talents the  ladies were  really
   worked up and as I dealt the next hand I reminded the girls that since I
   was now naked  I would be  anteing up with  sex services.  Ceil  won the
   next hand beating  Carol who looked  overjoyed at the  prospect of being
   worked on by Ceil.  The site of these two ladies going at each other was
   too much Patti and Dian both had their hands busy on their own tits  and
   cunts during the whole time.  I too  had my cock in my hand and  stroked
   the ten inches  of my meat  until I thought  I would go  out of my mind.
   Ceil took  her defeated  partner to  the floor  and stripped off Carol's
   skirt revealing  a lush  cunt so  wet with  anticipation that the juices
   were  running  down  her  legs.   Ceil  started on Carols fantastic tits
   licking them and biting those stiff pink nipples until Carol was moaning
   incoherently.  Ceil worked her way down Carol's belly until she had  her
   fingers buried in Carol's cunt and anus and was licking and sucking  her
   stiff long clit.  During  her trip down Carol's  hot body Carol had  two
   quaking orgasms and just when we  thought the show was over Ceil  got up
   and  went  to  the  dresser  and  brought  out  a strap on double dildo.
   Turning to  face the  table Ceil  lifted her  skirt with  one hand while
   licking and sucking the dildo to  wet it.  She then proceeded to  spread
   her cunt lips and force  9 to the 18 inches  of the fat plastic cock  up
   her pussy.  Pulling Carol to her hands and knees Ceil licked and  sucked
   Carol's exposed cunt and asshole  until Carol's breathing was coming  in
   short spasms.   Ceil took  a position  directly behind  Carol spread her
   sopping pussy lips and forced  the exposed 9 inches up  Carols throbbing
   pussy and fucked her doggie  style while she fingered Carols  tight butt
   hole.  Ceil kept this up until both she and Carol had cum 3 times.

   HAND 8:

   After Ceil's display with Carol no one could imagine what the next  hand
   would reveal.  As luck would have  it I took the next hand  winning over
   Dian.  As I rose to collect my prize the ladies licked their lips at  he
   site of my rock hard 10 inch prick standing straight out and promising a
   deep probing fuck for Dian.  Moving quickly to Dian I licked and  sucked
   her firm tits as I stripped off her skirt.  Dian had a pretty pink pussy
   showing just a  small tuft of  hair on her  mound and clean  shaven pink
   lips shining  with cunt  juice.  Reaching  between Ceil's  hot thighs  I
   removed the dildo from her clutching pussy.  It was still slick with her
   and Carols pussy juice, spreading Dian's hot cunt lips I started to lick
   her stiff  clit with  long up  and down  strokes as  I pushed  the dildo
   slowly up her pulsing  twat.  It took only  2 minutes of this  action to
   bring Dian to a screaming orgasm.  Thinking we were done Dian complained
   that she  needed my  big cock  in her  and showed  her disappointment  I
   assured  her  we  had  just  started  and  her mood changed immediately.
   Moving Dian to her  hands and knees I  removed the dildo and  filled her
   hot wet slit with my cock ramming the full ten inches into her until  my
   balls were slapping her  pink cunt lips.  I  then inserted my finger  up
   her exposed anus and fucked her cunt and fingered her asshole until  she
   had cum twice.  I then pushed the  dildo up her pussy and rammed my  hot
   stiff cock up her tight anus.   Dian came twice in rapid response  to my
   anal thrusting.  Finally I to gave in to the intense pleasure of fucking
   Dian's tight asshole and shot my load up Dian's hot ass.  Pulling out  I
   watched as the other girls licked  my cum from Dian's sweet anus  as the
   pushed and twisted the dildo still lodged in her pulsing twat.

   HAND 9:

   By now everyone was  worked up to a  fevered pitch, Patti and  Ceil were
   the only ones  left with any  cloths on and  we commenced with  the next
   hand trying  to correct  this problem.   Success was  close at  hand and
   Patti lost to Carol who had  recently been fucked senseless by Ceil  and
   her double dildo.  Carol  took Patti to the  floor beside the table  and
   stripped off her skirt showing the  rest of us her lightly downed  pussy
   and pink protruding pussy lips.  Carol began licking Patti's erect  pink
   nipples while ramming two slim  fingers up her sopping cunt.   Patti who
   was now moaning with delight managed to work her own fingers up  Carol's
   sweet cunt  and asshole.   This sight  has us  all hot  as hell.   Carol
   worked her way down to Patti's throbbing pink pussy and proceeded to eat
   her to two explosive orgasms.  This action continued until Patti's  deft
   fingering of  Carol's pussy  and anus  brought Carol  to a well deserved
   climax.  Rising from her position on the floor Carol retrieved an 8 inch
   vibrator and a rectal probe  from the still open dresser  drawer.  Patti
   showed her delight at the prospect of having both her holes pleasured by
   these toys by getting up on all fours with her sweet pussy and  puckered
   anus facing us at the table.   Carol first rammed the anal probe  up her
   own cunt  to lubricate  it then  slowly inserted  in Patti's pink rimmed
   anus forcing it deep in her ass.  Licking the vibrator Carol switched it
   on and plunged it deep in her  own cunt making sure it was wet  with her
   juices before she plunged it fully up Patti's tight cunt.  Carol  picked
   up the  strap on  double dildo  and forced  half it's  length up her own
   sopping  slit  she  strapped  it  on  and took up position below Patti's
   packed pussy and  ass.  Carol started  licking Patti's stiff  protruding
   clit while she pounded the toys up Patti's cunt and anus.  This was  too
   much for Patti she came twice in  the course of a few minutes, the  last
   climax Patti  passed out  from the  pleasure pinning  Carol beneath her.
   Unruffled Carol  removed the  toys from  Patti's holes  and proceeded to
   lick her cunt  and asshole until  Patti was revived.   Moving to Patti's
   mouth Carol gave her a deep kiss then offered her the probing end of the
   double  dildo  which  was  still  clenched  in  her sopping cunt.  Patti
   engulfed the plastic organ with her  mouth as quickly and deeply as  she
   had mine earlier.   After a few  minutes of this  play Carol layed  down
   with the  exposed 9  inches of  the dildo  pointing straight  up.  Patti
   needed no instruction, she quickly  straddled the exposed fat shaft  and
   while rubbing Carol's exposed clit rammed the entire 9 inches up her own
   stretched slit.  At the table we could hardly believe our eyes as  these
   two foxes entirely engulfed the 18 inches of the dildo and were  rubbing
   their clits together and  fucking themselves frantically.  Finally  this
   action was too much for even these hot ladies and they came moaning  and
   screaming and both passed  out.  Ceil, I and  Dian got up and  picked up
   the girls removing the dildo  which was still clenched in  their sopping
   pussies.  Laying them next  to each other Dian  began to suck and  pinch
   their still erect  nipples while I  licked Carol's cunt  and Ceil tongue
   fucked Patti's pussy while fingering her  anus.  In no time we had  them
   revived and worked up again.

   HAND 10:

   We  all  returned  to  the  game  but  wondered  how the next hand could
   possibly top the pairing we had just witnessed.  I was sure Ceil who was
   the only one still having any  cloths on threw this hand.  In  any event
   she lost to  Dian thus removing  the last vestige  of clothing from  our
   lusty group.  Dian  lead Ceil to  a position in  front of the  table and
   removed Ceil's skirt.  This gave all of us at the table a great view  of
   her red haired pussy.  Dian stuffed  two fingers up her own slick  pussy
   then pushed them into Ceil's  mouth Ceil sucked Dian's sweet  cunt juice
   from her  fingers with  lust filled  eyes.  Dian  then licked and sucked
   Ceil's  erect  nipples  working  her  way  to Ceil's soaking cunt.  Ceil
   quickly came as a result of  Dian's expert tongue work on her  hard clit
   and sopping cunt.  Unable to stand after her climax Ceil was directed to
   a chair  by Dian,  this move  gave us  all a  great view  of what was to
   follow.  Dian spread  Ceil's legs wide  apart resting her  legs over the
   arms of the chair and exposing Ceil's hot throbbing pink pussy and anus.
   Picking up the anal probe Dian inserted it up her own asshole for all of
   us to see.  She worked her own asshole while licking and sucking  Ceil's
   pink pussy and puckered anus.  Just as Ceil was about to cum again  Dian
   removed the probe  from her own  asshole and plunged  it up Ceil's  anus
   bringing her  to an  explosive climax.   This was  not the  end of their
   tryst  at  all  Dian  continued  her  licking and picked up the vibrator
   turned it up full and rammed it up Ceil's hot sopping slit.  Dian  began
   reaming Ceil's cunt and anus with ever increasing strokes while  licking
   Ceil's stiff erect  clit.  Ceil's hands  went to her  tits squeezing and
   twisting her hard  nipples.  Ceil began  asking to lick  and suck Dian's
   cunt and asshole.   In order to  quiet Ceil's ardent  requests Dian rose
   and placed her hot wet slit on Ceil's mouth while she continued  fucking
   Ceil's cunt and ass  with the toys.  Ceil  reached down grabbing the  18
   inch dildo from the  floor and rammed one  end up Dian's cunt  while she
   licked and sucked her stiff clit.  This was too much for both the ladies
   and the both began cumming bucking their hips and moaning with  pleasure
   as their sweat covered bodies convulsed in orgasm.  After a few  moments
   of rest  Ceil pulled  the cunt  juice covered  dildo from Dian's pulsing
   pussy and started to tongue  Dian's asshole while she slowly  forced the
   dildo up  Dian's back  door.  Dian  responding in  kind removed the anal
   probe from Ceil's anus and moved the Vibrator from its position deep  in
   Ceil's stretched pussy and rammed it up her throbbing asshole.  After  a
   few  minutes  of  mutually  rewarding  ass  reaming  Dian got up and got
   another dildo from the drawer.  The picture of Dian striding around with
   that big dildo sticking out of  her ass was too much. pulling  Ceil onto
   the floor Dian  removed the vibrator  from Ceil's stretched  anus.  Dian
   then bent Ceil's spread legs back over her head and squatted over Ceil's
   exposed cunt and ass ramming the second dildo up Ceil's wide open pussy.
   Grabbing the  free ends  of the  two dildos  Dian slowly lowered herself
   until they  were plunged  up both  their cunts  and assholes.  These hot
   ladies fucked each other this way until they had cum twice more and just
   could not continue.

   The poker game was over.

   After this hot duo the pretense of a game was dropped in favor of a more
   direct  approach  where  we  could  all  enjoy fucking sucking and other
   pleasures together.  This pleased me as  I had only gotten to fuck  Dian
   and Patti, so far and desperately wanted to ram my hot throbbing dick up
   Ceil's and Carol's hot pussies tight assholes and wet mouths.

   The girls decided since I was the  most in demand that the four of  them
   fuck my brains  out.  They directed  me to the  bed where they  layed me
   down on my  back.  Dian began  sucking my cock  making it rock  hard and
   throbbing.  She then got Carol  to straddle my pulsing prick  and guided
   her onto my thick 10 inch shaft forcing her down until I was balls  deep
   in wet tight slippery cunt.   Patti meanwhile brought Ceil over  and had
   her squat  over my  face allowing  me to  tongue and  suck her hot pussy
   while Patti fingered Ceil's tight anus.  Patti stopped fingering  Ceil's
   asshole and moving to the side grabbed my hand and mounted it.   Forcing
   two  fingers  up  her  swollen  slippery  pussy and another up her tight
   asshole Patti began  humping my hand  as though it  was two men.   Carol
   began to pound her tight cunt up  and down my rock hard cock while  Dian
   licked Carol's sweet  asshole.  Dian then  mounted my free  hand ramming
   two fingers up her  cunt and a third  up her well lubed  anus.  With all
   this going on  I knew I  couldn't hold out  long and just  as I came and
   began pumping my hot load of  sperm up Carol's tight wet hole  Ceil came
   grinding her  hard clit  into my  mouth and  drenching my  face with her
   tasty pussy juice.   Dian and Patti  were right behind  the other ladies
   and dumped huge amounts  of hot cunt juice  on my upturned hands.   Dian
   who was now  directing the action  told Carol to  get off my  still hard
   cock and let each  of the other ladies  lick my cum out  of her steaming
   cunt as  Carol sucked  my throbbing  cock clean.   This was  a fantastic
   sight and the combination  of Carol's mouth and  tongue on my prick  and
   the site of  the other ladies  sucking and licking  my sperm out  of her
   cunt kept me  rock hard and  ready.  In no  time the girls  had finished
   licking my cum  from Carols sweet  pussy and were  ready for more.   For
   their next feat Carol  and Ceil switched positions  and now it was  Ceil
   who lowered her hot slippery cunt down my engorged prick while Patti and
   Dian spread Ceil's slippery cunt clips and rubbed her clit while  finger
   fucking her  tight little  asshole.  Once  Ceil had  forced my  big cock
   balls deep in her  tight slit and begun  pounding up and down  with long
   fast strokes Carol mounted my  face pushing her still cum  stained pussy
   onto my mouth.  Responding  to her needs I  began to drive my  tongue up
   her hot tasty slit  and lick and suck  Carol's hard clit Dian  and Patti
   once again mounted my hands only this time they both rammed two  fingers
   up both their  twitching twats and  tight slippery assholes.   It wasn't
   long before we  all came to  our moaning climaxes.   Ceil raised herself
   off my throbbing  rod and dutifully  sucked and licked  it clean as  the
   other ladies sucked my cum from her twitching pussy.

   Now Patti  and Dian  demanded equal  time giving  in to  their demands I
   prepared to give  them the pounding  of their lives.   Patti moved first
   straddling my stiff prick as she  directed Ceil and Carol to spread  her
   ass  cheeks  Ceil  grabbed  one  cheek  while Carol did the same opening
   Patti's anus Ceil quick to see an opening licked two fingers and  shoved
   them up Patti's asshole wetting it and forcing it further open.  Not  to
   be left out Carol rammed two  fingers up Patti's cunt and began  to lick
   her clit.   As Patti  descended onto  my fully  erect ten  inch rod Ceil
   removed her  fingers allowing  my cock  to penetrate  Patti's tight  hot
   anus.  Patti immediately set up  a steady rhythm pounding my  dick fully
   up her asshole  with each stroke.   Dian now moved  to straddle my  face
   allowing me to force my tongue up her tight anal opening.  I probed  her
   anus like it was heaven itself  as Ceil licked her pussy and  sucked her
   clit.  Feeling around I  was able to locate  Ceil and Carol's cunts  and
   assholes and promptly rammed two fingers in each of their hot  openings.
   After all  of us  had cum  again Patti  cleaned my  cock with  her mouth
   retaining my somewhat  sagging erection as  the other ladies  licked and
   sucked my load from her asshole.   This act was then repeated with  Dian
   ramming her tight asshole over my straining prick as I licked and tongue
   fucked Patti's sweet cum stained asshole and fingered Ceil's and Carol's
   cunt and anal openings as they licked and sucked Patti and Dian's  cunts
   and clits.  After a crushing round of orgasms I needed to get some rest.
   Carol complained that I had not fucked  her in the ass yet and she  felt
   cheated.  Rising to the challenge I stroked my now flaccid cock until it
   was once again stiff and hard.   I then directed Carol to a  position on
   all fours in the  center of the room.   Having Dian and Ceil  spread her
   willing ass  cheeks I  had them  lick Carol's  anus until  it shone with
   their saliva.  While I made myself  ready I instructed Dian and Ceil  to
   probe Carol's asshole with their  tongue and fingers.  I then  had Patti
   take a position under Carol and  begin to finger fuck her cunt  and lick
   and suck her hard clit.  Carol was already half way to her climax when I
   directed her to eat Patti's cunt and finger her pussy and anus.   Moving
   to Carol's  exposed rear  I dispatched  Dian and  Ceil to  suck and lick
   Carols hanging tits which brought Carol to her first climax.  While  she
   was cumming I  rammed my hard  cock doggy style  up Carol's sweet  tight
   pink anus until I was balls deep and pounded my thick cock into her anus
   until Carol had two additional orgasms.   Soon I could not hold out  any
   longer and shot my hot sperm up her twitching anus.  Removing my prick I
   moved to her face and fucked her mouth cumming again flooding her  tight
   throat with my  sperm as she  convulsed in orgasm  from the other  girls
   sucking and licking my load from her sweet asshole.  This was the end of
   our game as  I could no  longer get it  up.  But the  ladies promised to
   include me in their future plans.

--
