                           STRIP POKER PARTY
                             By Dive Master
   
   The girl with the long dark hair lost again.  Slowly,
tantalizingly, Renee began unbuttoning the small buttons down the
front of her blouse.  As each button slipped through her fingers,
the fabric parted further to show the tanned flesh of her chest,
and to reveal her large breasts which seemed ready to burst through 
the lacy black bra she was still wearing.   

   While Chuck looked admiringly at her perky breasts, caressing 
their curves with his eyes, the girl with the auburn hair to 
his right shuffled the cards for the next round of their game.  
So far, it was just plain strip poker, but the girls, when they 
persuaded him to join them, had promised him some interesting 
variations later...

   It was late at night, he had just been about to leave the party
when the four girls had come up to him.  They were the only people
still in the house, all the other guys having left already.  After 
some embarrassed giggling and shuffling among the girls, a tall 
blonde asked him if he wanted to play cards with them.  Chuck 
hesitated briefly, wondering what they were up to.  Apart from 
the hostess, a petite brunette named Susan, with long, curly 
hair and small, firm breasts, he didn't know any of the girls.  
They all appeared fairly drunk, and in a mood for mischief.  But 
the blonde, seeing his hesitation, stepped closer, and putting 
her arms around him, promised him a real interesting game.  He 
could feel her pointed breasts rubbing against his chest, and 
driven by the growing reaction between his legs, he heard 
himself say yes.

   The five of them went into the living room and sat down on the
soft carpet in a circle.  Susan was sitting on his left, and since 
she was the hostess for the evening's party, she brought out a deck 
of cards and started shuffling them.  To his right was a curvy 
auburn-haired beauty named Jennifer, and next to her sat Renee, 
the girl with long dark hair.  Lori, the playful blonde, sat 
between Susan and Renee, completing the circle. After Chuck cut 
the cards, Susan dealt out five cards each, and the poker game 
started.

   The girl with the long dark hair lost the first round, but all 
that cost her was a pair of high-heeled shoes. "That's not fair, 
Renee," complained the blonde, "both Jennifer and I were barefoot 
from the start."  Renee smirked and replied, "Too late now, 
Lori, you should've thought of that before we started.  Besides, 
you're wearing nylons and I'm not."  "And how about you, Susan, 
what do you have on under that fancy dress of yours ?"  Susan was 
wearing a short, red, off-the-shoulder dress, and black stockings 
with seams up the back. "Soon enough you'll know." she said, "Let's 
get on with it now, I want to see some action.  Come on, Chuck, 
it's your deal."

   He shuffled the cards, and the game went on.  In the next few 
rounds, he rapidly lost both his socks and his shirt.  Jennifer 
offered to help him take off his shirt, and teasingly raked her 
fingernails across his chest as she slid the shirt down his arms.  
He then reciprocated when she lost her skirt, taking the opportunity 
to cup her ass through the lacy, powder-blue panties.  Renee then 
lost a hand to Jennifer's three Kings and had to stand and take 
off her tight designer jeans revealing a skimpy pair of silky 
black panties.  Susan lost the next hand and raised her dress to 
show a pair of thigh-high black nylons which she slowly rolled 
down her legs.

   Then Renee lost again...  Chuck tried not to stare too obviously 
when she began unbuttoning her blouse, her slender hands 
revealing golden skin as every button slipped from her fingers.
But she noticed him watching her anyway, and she returned a shy,
yet inviting smile as she sat back down.

   Next, Lori lost for the first time.  With a smile, she pulled
up the hem of her miniskirt and showed off a pair of silky, white 
stockings which she tugged down her long, slender, tanned legs.  
Then it was Jennifer's turn to show what caused the strain on her 
blouse buttons. She slowly undid one button after the other, and 
when all the buttons were open she turned to Chuck with an inviting 
smile.  He put his hands inside her blouse, around her waist, then 
moved them slowly upwards, stopping for a moment as his hands cupped
the swellings of her breasts through her powder-blue half-bra. He 
let his thumbs tease her nipples for a moment and then his hands 
continued, softly over her generous breasts and on upwards, sliding 
the blouse off her shoulders and down her arms.  He moved his hands 
back to her waist, leaned forward, and kissed first one nipple, 
then the other.  She did not draw back, so he continued kissing 
and nibbling until her breathing quickened.  But Susan interrupted 
them; "Hey, time enough for that later!  First we're going to beat 
the pants off of you, big boy."

   Lori lost the next two hands and quickly lost her blouse and 
mini-skirt leaving her in a pink camisole and matching g-string 
panties.  Jennifer's pair of threes was the next losing hand and 
she moved over to Chuck and asked him to help her unclasp her lacy
powder-blue bra.  Chuck stood in front of her and reached around 
to her back, opened it, and slid it forward with his hands 
underneath, feeling the smooth, silky texture of her skin under 
his fingertips.  When his hands approached the round curves of 
her breasts, she quickly moved back out of his reach, saying 
"Look but dont touch, Chuck - at least not yet!"  She shook her 
shoulders, making the bra fall to the floor, riveting his eyes 
to the movements of her proud, naked breasts.  The long, hard, 
red nipples making a nice contrast with the pale creamy skin of 
her tits.  Jennifer squeezed her breasts together and tweaked 
her nipples between her fingertips.

   Jennifer dealt a losing hand to Chuck and it was time for 
him to take off his pants.  Wearing only her powder-blue bikini 
panties, she knelt before him and told him to stand up as she 
started to undo his trousers.  Before she could pull them down, 
he felt several more hands sliding inside the waistband.  Lori 
had moved up next to Jennifer, and Susan stood behind him, her
firm breasts pressing against his back, her hands feeling his
ass through his shorts. "We want some fun too.", Lori said as 
she slid her fingers inside his shorts, moving her fingertips 
along his hard dick.  The joint efforts of three pairs of hands 
finally got his trousers off, his dick pushing against the 
restraint of the boxer shorts he was wearing underneath.

   After they dealt the next hand and showed their cards, Susan 
giggled and said, "Looks like this is it..."  as she stood up,
unzipped her dress and faced Chuck.  He rose as well, put his 
hands on her shoulders, and slowly pulled the dress down her 
arms.  It slid easily downwards, spilling out her perfect, high, 
round breasts.  She stood perfectly still, just shivering 
slightly as he grazed his lips over her nipples.  He let his 
mouth follow the dress, breathing softly on her stomach as it 
was gradually revealed.  Then he pulled the dress further down, 
over her hips.  A pair of tiny red panties was all she wore 
underneath.  The dress tumbled down around her feet and Chuck
cupped the cheeks of her ass in his hands, gently kneading them 
as he planted soft, wet kisses across the tops of her thighs.
Susan moaned softly, moving her hips towards him.  Chuck could 
see a growing wet spot on the front of her panties, but he 
released his grip on her hips and sat down again.  With the 
promise of more to come, he was in no hurry.

  Renee lost her bra on the next hand, and Chuck whistled
appreciatively as she released her big breasts from the black 
lace.  The white skin of her breasts was in stark contrast to 
the golden tan that covered the rest of her body.  Renee 
blushed deeply and crossed her arms over her breasts as
she sat back down.

   Jennifer's luck ran out on the next hand and she stood with
her hands on her hips and her fingernails in the waistband of
her powder-blue panties.  She turned away from Chuck and bent 
over showing him the curves of her ass as she pulled the lacy 
fabric down her silky thighs.  When her panties were at her 
feet, she stepped out of them, spread her legs apart and ran 
her hands between her thighs and up to her crotch.  Chuck 
could see her fingers rubbing between her legs and smell her 
musky scent.  Jennifer moaned softly and shuddered with a 
small climax.
   
   "Now it's time to explain the next phase of the game," 
declared Susan.  Chuck looked at her expectantly, curious about 
what he was in for now.  "Up to now, the loser's just had to
undress. But what happens if you're already stark naked and you 
lose again?"  While listening to her, he let his gaze wander 
downwards, over her round breasts with their erect nipples, down 
to the still concealed patch between her legs, and up to her 
breasts again.  "What happens is that you draw another card, 
and count around the circle to your right, until you reach the 
number on the card.  If it's your first naked penalty you spend 
exactly one minute kissing whoever sits at that spot.  Just 
kissing, mind you, no necking and fondling.  The the second time, 
you lose, that person may touch you anywhere with their hands, 
while you just stand completely passive.  The third time, he or 
she may use tongue and mouth on you.  And if you lose a fourth 
time ..." she looked Chuck straight in the eyes "...you pick your
partner and do whatever they want to do with you."  "And what 
happens if I loose again?"  Chuck asked.  Susan paused and smiled,
"Then everybody jumps on top of you, and stays there until you've 
satisfied them all."

   Chuck felt a mounting excitement as he dealt the cards for 
the next round. He looked around at the four girls... Jennifer, 
totally nude and very sexually aroused... Susan in her tiny red 
panties, with a mischievous smile on her lips... Lori, in her 
pink camisole and g-string... and Renee, in just her black bikini 
panties, still a bit shy, younger and perhaps less experienced 
than the others.  Renee met his eyes as he smiled at her, and
Chuck received a soft, appealing smile in return before she 
blushed and looked away. 

  Lori's pink camisole was the next to go, and she stood facing
Chuck and crossed her arms in front of her chest.  She grabbed 
the lacy hem of her camisole in both hands and slowly pulled it 
up over her head and playfully tossed it at Chuck.  With a toss 
of her blonde hair, she moved even closer to Chuck and rotated 
her hips in a sexy bump and grind right in his face.

   And now it was Chuck's turn to lose his boxers.  Jennifer was 
chosen for the honor.  She put her hands inside his shorts, taking 
a firm hold of his dick and releasing it from captivity.  She 
pulled his boxer shorts further down, herself kneeling at the same 
time, letting her full breasts slide over his raging hard-on, ending 
up with her lips wrapped around his cock for a quick kiss.  
"Ooooh, look at that," exclaimed Susan, "I can't wait to get my 
hands on it!"  "Just your hands, Susan?" asked Lori teasingly.  
But Chuck wasn't paying attention to them, he was looking at Renee, 
who sat transfixed, staring straight at his erect prick, unable 
to tear her eyes away from it, a look of desire mixed with 
apprehension on her face. 

   She was still staring intently while the next round was played, 
and didn't look up until Jennifer told her "Snap out of your 
dreams, Renee -- you lost.  Time for a hot strip tease!"  Renee 
hesitated, started to pull off her black silk panties, then 
changed her mind and walked over to Chuck.  She stood shivering 
in front of him, not looking him in the eyes.  He gently reached 
out to her, put his hands around her waist, pulling down the 
black silk panties slowly, carefully.  She stood naked before 
him, her long, dark hair cascading down her back.  Just the 
faintest wisp of black hair covered her pussy, the thin, 
rose-colored lips clearly visible.  Still not looking at him, 
she hesitantly reached out and touched his penis, then quickly 
withdrew her hand and sat down again.

   Chuck checked his breathing.  Renee's golden skin, as well 
as her evident timidity, were an irresistible combination.  He 
just had to have her, before the night was over.  But for now 
he had to content himself with looking, and wait for the luck 
of the cards to bring him his opportunity.

    Susan's pair of tens wasn't enough to win the next round 
and she stood up in just her tiny red bikini panties.  She pulled 
them down over her hips in one brisk motion, and let them fall 
to her feet.  Her pubic hair was brown, thin and silky.  

   Lori was the next loser and she stood before Chuck to tug 
her pink g-string panties down her legs, an inch at a time, 
standing with her pussy right in front of Chuck's face, almost 
within reach of his tongue.  He could smell her juices, strongly.  
This girl was hot!  She stood there nude, with her legs spread 
wide, proudly displaying her splendid body.  Her hips thrust 
forward, towards his face, and he grabbed her well-shaped ass 
and buried his tongue in her blonde, silky pubic hair.  "Oh no, 
none of that.  Rationed pleasures, right?" said Susan, 
interrupting them.  Lori pulled back and sat down, but Chuck 
could hear her heavy breathing, and he still had her taste 
on his tongue.

    Susan lost on the next round.  "Oh my", she exclaimed, 
drawing a card from the pack.  It was a two.  She counted 
"Chuck one, Jennifer two... come on, Jennifer."  The two girls 
leaned forward, across Chuck, their lips meeting and joining 
for a deep kiss.  The two pairs of breasts were swaying just 
a few inches from his face, occasionally touching.  But 'no 
fondling' was the rule of the moment, tempting as it was to 
just reach out and grab a double handful. The girls broke 
their kiss after a minute, both slightly out of breath.

  In the next round, Chuck was the loser - if loser was the right 
word at this stage. He drew his card, got an eight, and counted 
around the circle, ending up with Lori. She stood up and joined 
him for the kiss, pressing her body against his, french-kissing 
him intensively for the entire minute.  His hard-on throbbed as 
it was squeezed against the smooth skin of her stomach.  Susan 
was next.  She looked flushed and excited as she drew her card, 
a ten, and counted - then her expression changed into a puzzled 
frown: "But I count back to myself!  Now what am I supposed to 
do?"  "Exactly as the rules say," replied Jennifer, "for one 
minute you must touch and caress the person your card indicates.  
So go ahead and touch yourself, Susan, right where it will do 
the most good."  Susan blushed, she was obviously not in the 
habit of masturbating in public - but as she laid down on her 
back, and slowly caressed her stomach and breasts, she couldn't 
hide her pleasure. Chuck watched, fascinated, as she moved one 
hand further down, spreading her legs and giving him a good look 
at her pussy before her hand reached her most sensitive parts, 
and a loud moan escaped from her lips.  When the minute was up, 
Jennifer had to forcibly interrupt her and remove her hand, 
telling her "Our pleasures are rationed, my dear - that's part 
of the game."  After one last cry of pleasure mixed with 
frustration, Susan sat up and tried to restore some decorum 
to her flushed and sweaty face.

  Next, Lori got to kiss Susan, with considerable ardor, and 
Jennifer drew a kiss with Chuck.  This time she was careful to 
stay within the rules, with a plain kiss, but whispered soft words 
to him, a promise of more to come.  For her second nude penalty, 
Lori drew Chuck.  He told her to stand facing away from him, and 
proceeded to press his hard-on against her shapely posterior, 
bringing his hands around and up front, holding and caressing her 
breasts.  Her breathing got faster as he brought one hand downwards, 
leaving the other one playing with a nipple.  He gently touched her 
soft, blond curls, continued down, feeling the silky skin on the 
inside of her thighs, brought his hand upwards again, spreading 
her legs apart, touching her lips, feeling her wetness, probing 
carefully with one finger between her lower lips, withdrawing again 
and releasing her completely as Jennifer called time.

   Renee drew Susan for her kiss.  Clearly not what she wanted, she
checked the count twice, and then just gave her a minimal cool kiss
with closed lips.  Then she lost again right away, and this time she
had better luck with her draw.  She stood in front of Chuck, facing 
him boldly as he reached out and embraced her, gave her the kiss she
wanted, while caressing her back, down over her pert little ass,
gently massaging the cheeks.  She melted into his embrace with a soft
sigh, pressed the entire length of her body against his, slowly moving
her hips.  He just held her gently like this for a moment, then
reluctantly released her, took a step backwards, and placed his hands
on her shoulders, admiring her lithe, elegant beauty.  He then moved
his hands downwards, caressing every inch of golden skin, her breasts,
her stomach, her hips, her thighs and slender legs, down to her feet.
When he finished she was trembling, but she sat down again without a
sound.

   Chuck had trouble controlling his own breathing now, and his cock
was hot and throbbing.  This game was tremendously exciting, and at
the same time s-o-o frustrating.  Surrounded by four beautiful naked
women, but allowed to take pleasure with them only in carefully
measured portions, he felt excitement and expectation mounting a 
step at a time... mounting a big step in the next round, as Chuck 
lost, and drew Jennifer as 'handler'. She told him to lie flat on 
his back, and he could barely keep from crying out loud as she applied 
her expert hands to his balls and dick.  Then the roles were reversed 
in the next round, with Chuck giving Jennifer a treat, rubbing her 
mound with his hand, down between her pussy lips to play with her 
clit, eliciting a loud moan, then further down with first one, then 
two fingers entering her moist hole.  She squirmed under his hands, 
jutting her hips upwards, and kept on panting and moving for a long 
while even after he had to withdraw.

   Then Renee drew Susan again, and looked even more unhappy about
it this time.  But Susan gently told her to lie down on her back,
close her eyes, and relax.  She then proceeded to treat Renee's
pussy with soft kisses, and when she started to use her tongue,
licking and blowing on her clit, Renee couldn't hold back any
longer, but started to make soft mewing sounds of pleasure.  Then
Lori got to give Susan the same treatment, and Susan was a lot less
restrained in her vocalizations, gasping and crying out every time
Lori's tongue touched her sensitive spots.

   "Let Renee lose again now...", Chuck thought, while the next 
round was played, "then I get to make love to her.  But of course, 
if Susan loses, I can screw her instead, and if I lose myself, one 
of these chicks is going to suck my cock.... not such a bad deal, 
whichever way it goes - if all goes well I'll get to fuck every one 
of them before the game's over..." Jennifer lost now, and Lori gave 
her a good long licking.  Then it was Chuck's turn, and Susan 
settled down on his chest as he laid back on the floor, and 
lowered her mouth to the tip of his cock, and started giving 
him head, with her lips going up and down the shaft, her tongue 
playing around the glans.  While she was sucking him, she pushed 
her ass towards his face, in a clear invitation to reciprocate.  
With her warm and wet pussy beckoning with glistening lips just 
inches from his mouth, he didn't hesitate but put his hands on 
her hips, pulled her down, and spread her lips with his tongue.  
He didn't have to lick her for more than a few second before 
she came, violently, shaking all over, her screams barely 
muffled by his dick still in her mouth.

   Then, finally, came the moment he had been waiting for - Renee.
When she realized what she had coming, she let out a small sigh, 
laid down on the floor,  and closed her eyes.  He stood up, his 
proud dick rising rock-hard straight out from his loins.  Looking 
up and down her beautiful, slim body, so nude and vulnerable on 
the floor, he carefully spread her legs, knelt between them, 
leaned forward and kissed her. Then he lowered his cock towards 
her pussy, first with the tip touching just the soft hair, then 
in between the lips, up and and down along the cleft, and finally, 
when she started moving her hips beneath him, and he could feel 
juices flowing from her moist hole, he pushed inwards, penetrating 
her first with the head, then with his entire long, thick shaft 
in one stroke.  She cried out and put her arms around him, pulling 
him closer, deep inside her.  Her pussy was tight around his cock, 
as he slowly moved it in and out, her hips following his movements, 
a moan escaped from her lips at every stroke.  As he increased 
the pace, her moans became louder and louder, changing into pure 
cries of joy and pleasure as she came in a shuddering orgasm.  
As he pulled out, she lay back panting, her chest heaving.   
He looked around the room, and found the other three girls all 
watching intently.  "Had fun?", asked Jennifer, one hand moving
between her legs, "Don't spend yourself all at once, please, we 
want some of that too...", pointing at his throbbing dick, shiny 
wet with Renee's juices.

   In the next round Jennifer got her wish, as she 'lost', and 
of course picked Chuck for her pleasure. "Take me, fuck me from 
behind!", she told him as she got down on her hands and knees, 
her legs spread wide, her red pussy lips open and inviting between 
the soft, white cheeks of her full, round ass.  He did not hesitate 
a second, but grabbed her hips and with one violent motion thrust 
his rigid penis deep inside her hot, wet hole. She let out a long 
deep cry of pleasure as he banged into her pussy, her excitement 
mounting rapidly as he stroked her cunt deep and hard. It took him 
less than a minute to bring her to orgasm, but still he was saving 
himself, there were more pussies in the room waiting for him...

   When Chuck lost the next time, he recalled Jennifer's words...
"Then everybody jumps on top of you, and stay there until you've 
satisfied them all..." as the four girls advanced on him, and pushed 
him down flat on his back. Susan was first, straddling his hips as 
she lowered her pussy onto his erect member, until he was engulfed 
in her warm wetness.   Lori brought her cunt to his face, and 
obscured his vision of everything but her blond curls, as he 
slipped his tongue between her lips, into her steaming hole.  But 
he could feel hands fondling all parts of his body, and knew the 
other girls were not idle.  Susan was still moving rapidly up 
and down on his dick, her fluttering pussy lips driving him wild.  
He stretched out his hands, and found soft, smooth skin with both.  
On one side, a muscular thigh, higher up moist curly hair, where 
he kept his hand, massaging the mound underneath.  With his other 
hand he encountered another hand, smaller and slimmer than his. 
He squeezed it for a moment, then continued upwards, along a 
slender arm, down to a large, firm breast, caressing it, tweaking 
the erect nipple.

   The girls changed places several times, never leaving his 
dick or tongue unoccupied for more than seconds.  He'd lost count 
of the number of female orgasms he'd felt or heard, and the girls 
were all a blur in his mind - he was surrounded by a single female 
body, with four pussies, eight hands, four mouths and eight breasts.  
His throbbing cock was on fire, he couldn't understand why he 
hadn't come long ago, when finally, driven by the new tight pussy 
enveloping his shaft to the hilt, he felt the familiar tightening 
in his nuts, and shot his load deep into the steaming hole that
surrounded his cock.

   It was the beginning of a very long evening!
