Archive-name: Amazon/police.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Never Argue with a PoliceWoman


     I have been working out at a health spa for about six 
months now and was feeling really good about my new bod and increased 
strength. As I have been doing three times a week I parked in an area 
which was designated a NO PARKING area. Just as I was getting out of my 
car this really good looking policewoman came up to me and said,  " 
excuse me, sir, you can't park here."  I said that I'd been parking in 
this same place three times a week for the past six months while I 
worked out in the health spa. She got this twinkle in her eye and 
smiled a knowing smile at me as she asked,  " well, since you've been 
working out for six months I'll bet you feel like you're pretty strong, 
don't you ? " I admitted that I did, and asked her why she asked. Her 
reply was,"I'll tell you what, let's arm wrestle - two out of three 
with each arm.  If you win, you can park here. If I win you have to 
move and I'll also think of some other " punishment " for you. Ok ? " 
Needless to say, I thought I would have no trouble in winning so I 
accepted her challenge.

     As we locked hands, using the hood of my car, I felt her 
strong grip and knew that it wouldn't be as easy as I had thought. Then 
she pushed up her sleeve and said, with a grin, " I want you to watch 
my arm muscle as I put your arm down, REAL SLOW. " With this said, she 
counted to three and I let go with all my strength - but to no avail 
-her arm didn't move. She began teasing me with statements like: " come 
on, start, what's the matter, big boy am I too strong for you ?, you 
realize that I haven't even started yet, can't you beat a girl in a 
test of strength, boy what a milk toast you are. "

     After a minute or two of this she said, " Well, if you're not going to 
start I am; so watch my arm muscle. "  Then she began to slowly ease my 
arm down and I saw her muscle get a little bigger. When she finished 
beating me, she added insult to injury by saying, " my muscle usually 
gets a lot bigger, but you were just so weak that I didn't need or use 
all of my strength, in fact I only used a small part. Are you ready to 
go again ? " As we got our grip again she said, " this time I won't 
take so long putting your scrawny arm down, this is really no contest."

     This time I counted to three, and once again gave it all of my power at 
once - again to no avail. This time she just smiled and said, " here 
goes your arm " and WHAM, my arm was down. She smiled and asked, " is 
it obvious to you that I'm too strong for you ? Do you wish to concede, 
or do I get to keep on humiliating you ? " I conceded.

     We exchanged names, hers was Teri Martin. We talked for a few minutes 
and then she gave me her address and told me to bring some shorts and 
be over at her place for dinner about six o'clock. As she turned around 
to go she said, " don't forget to move your car or I'll really punish 
you."

      I rang her door bell and when she came to the door I saw 
an even more beautiful woman and realized that in "street clothes" this 
chick had one fantastic body. I guess I stared a bit because, as we 
entered the living room she said, "well, what do you think ?"  With 
that she struck a pose which thrust her chest out and looked very sexy 
at me. I said I thought she was really attractive, but had not realized 
what a great body she had. She said,  "well, to end your curiosity; I'm 
5'11" tall, I weigh 135 lbs. of solid muscle, and my measurements are 
39EE-24- 36. After we get a little better acquainted I'll tell you what 
I thought we'd do tonight."

     We sat down on her couch and began to talk about things 
in general. We talked about what we liked to do, our jobs, and 
generally began to share some things with each other. We had both been 
so wrapped up in the conversation that we forgot about the time, and 
about dinner. About 9 o'clock Terri said that there was one area that 
we hadn't discussed that she wanted to. I told her that I felt very 
close to her and that I was willing to talk about anything she wanted 
to talk about. She began by asking me to share with her my thoughts and 
feelings when she had challenged me to arm wrestle with her. I told her 
that I had been surprised and had felt confident that I would easily 
win. Then when I discovered that she was stronger than I was I had been 
both shocked and frustrated.

     I also admitted that I had felt weak and helpless; so 
much so that I had not gone to the spa. Her next question was really 
unexpected; " tell me the truth now Tim, did my tremendous strength 
turn you on? "  I told her I really hadn't thought about it like that; 
but, I guess it had. She then asked if I had ever competed with a woman 
before in tests of strength. I told her that I hadn't; and that was why 
her beating me so easily had shaken me up so much. I asked her how she 
came to be so strong. She told me that she had always been strong and 
that she was proud of her strength. She said, " I've been doing 
exercises and working out with weights for the last month, in order to 
get even stronger. You are the first male victim of my new power. I'm 
really glad I was able to beat you so easily; I mean after all I've 
only been working out one month and you have been working out for six 
months, plus I'm only a "weak woman". I love beating men in arm 
wrestling and wrestling to; however, most men are no match for me, as 
you saw today and will see more of tonight."  I asked her how she felt 
when she put a man down as she had me this afternoon. Her reply was, " 
I feel so good when a man agrees to compete wih me because I know that 
I'm probably stronger than he is and that he is in for a shock, like 
you were today. I knew I'd win and I decided to enjoy seeing you squirm 
a little; so, I began to tease you and then slowly put your weak little 
arm down. I could feel your humiliation and as you felt weaker and 
weaker I felt stronger and stronger. It really turns me on to beat a 
male. "

      She then asked," would you like to feel my muscles ? " I 
said sure!! Terri said, " well, I'll tell you what. Let's wrestle some 
first and then you can feel the muscles that put you away. " This was 
too much for me, I knew she was strong, but I figured that there was no 
way she could beat me. So I ran my mouth and told Terri that I would 
destroy her in three straight falls. In fact I would make her beg me 
for mercy and then I would knock her out. I told her I would make her 
beg then I'd pin her in the first fall. The second fall would have her 
begging me to stop working her over using my arms. And the third fall I 
would use my legs to put her away. She laughed and said," You are right 
about what will happen, but you will be on the receiving end." We 
changed clothes and she came out wearing a baggy warm up suite. " I'm 
wearing this so that you can't say that I distracted you with my 
"female charms" and then beat you. Here are the rules: no punching or 
anything like that. Pins and submissions only. For a submission both 
have to agree; that is if you give up and I'm not ready to quit I keep 
going until I'm ready to stop."

     We started on our knees and before I knew what was 
happening she had me in a bone crushing body scissors. She turned my 
head to hers and said, " now I'm going to show you what my beautiful 
legs can do to you. When you've had enough I want to hear you beg me to 
stop squeezing you. I won't stop right away; but, I want to hear you 
beg."  Then she began to slowly increase the pressure until I thought 
my ribs would crack. I began to scream out for her to stop before she 
broke something. The pressure eased up some and she leaned over and 
smiled as she said," you know I could break you in half if I wanted to; 
but, I don't want to - yet."  Then she rolled off of my body and 
straddled me, pinning my arms down with her legs, putting her hands on 
her hips and smiling down at my helpless body. She sat there for a few 
minutes and then said," admit that you are pinned and are helpless 
against my strength and I'll let you up. "  I did as she said and she 
got up and then helped me up.  We rested a few minutes and then started 
the second fall.

     This time she really worked me over. She would get me in 
a full nelson and really clamp down, then release me to put me in a 
surfboard. She would hold then release the pressure until I was on the 
verge of submitting. Then she released me and put me in a head 
scissors. While I lay on my stomach and looked up into her face she 
began to squeeze and laugh at me. She held her squeeze while she looked 
down at me and began to tease me saying, " what's the matter big man 
-this little woman too much for you ? " Then she let up on the hold for 
a second; but before I could move she slammed her legs shut again and 
squeezed until I cried, "YES YOU ARE TOO MUCH FOR ME". While holding me 
between her powerful thighs she then said, " you know that I could 
squeeze your head like a grape, Timmy boy, and maybe crush your skull 
if I wanted to; but, I won't. I'll just make you beg for mercy."
  And with that she really put on the power and had me literally in 
tears. I began to beg her for mercy because I knew that she had the 
strength to really wipe me out. Terri said, with a bit of a laugh, " 
I'm not ready to let you submit yet."  She did release me from that 
hold; but, before I could recover she stood up then lifted me up by my 
hair.


      When I was on my feet she put me in a bear hug, lifted me 
totally off of the ground and began to squeeze with her powerful arms. 
Once again before I submitted she eased up on the pressure and said, " 
put your hands on my arms and feel how big and hard my arms get."  I 
did and they really got big and hard as rocks as she squeezed. Terri 
said, " I guess you have had enough for this round. I'm going to start 
putting some real muscle to this hold now."  I guess I panicked at the 
thought of her squeezing even harder; I began to kick and scream while 
she just laughed. She gave me one quick, hard burst of power and then 
let me go. I dropped to the floor. She straddled my prostrate body and 
looked down at me laying there totally spent. After a few minutes she 
walked away. I crawled to the couch and began to try to regain some of 
my strength and composure. In a few minutes she returned and sat on the 
couch with me and I noticed she had changed into a robe.

     " Timmy boy, any doubts in your mind that I am stronger 
than you? Thus far I have pinned you and made you submit to my legs and 
my arms. In this last fall I have a real special treat in store for 
you. I'm going to knock you out; but how I do it will be the treat. Now 
admit to me that I am too strong for you and I'll quickly end this 
slaughter." I admitted to her, and to myself, that she was indeed 
stronger than me. We got up off of the couch and she let her robe slide 
to the floor showing her magnificent body dressed in a skimmpy two 
piece bathing suit. She did some strutting around and then we began. 
Like the other two falls she took the upper hand easily right from the 
start; and once again I found myself caught between those beautiful, 
powerful legs of hers. And once again she looked down at me and said, " 
well Timmy boy, you know what I could do now, don't you? " I shook my 
head yes because she was squeezing my head so hard that I couldn't 
talk. Then she began shaking me like a puppy does a toy, from side to 
side, while she alternated the pressure between increasing then 
decreasing levels of pain. Suddenly the pressure stopped and as I 
looked up I heard  Terri say, " I'm getting bored with this, and it is 
getting late; so, I'm going to finish you off, little man, and I 
promise you won't forget how I do it."  With that she reached behind 
her and unfastened her top letting me get a good look at her full firm 
breasts. Just as I got an eye full she clamped down with such force 
that I instinctively closed my eyes against the pain and almost passed 
out. But, she wasn't through humiliating me yet. She let my head drop 
and she effortlessly got up and rolled me onto my back and lay down 
across my body.



 She brought my head up and hugged my face into those huge breasts so 
that I could barely breathe. She then rolled us both over, placing me 
on top and wrapped those fantastic legs of hers around my body.  She 
slowly increased the pressure with both her arms and legs until I was 
unconscious and limp in her powerful grasp.

     When I came to she was still in her "one" piece. She 
walked over to me,bent over, grabbed a handful of hair, and with no 
apparent effort, lifted me to my wobbly feet. She then smiled knowingly 
and asked me, " Do you want to feel my muscles? You either pay the 
proper respect to the muscles that so completely destroyed you or we go 
a few more rounds. And by now you know that you are mine. I can take 
you apart anytime I want."

      She began to flex her muscles and she made me feel and 
kiss each one. " Put your hand on my relaxed arm and feel it explode 
when I flex it." It did and it felt as hard as stone. " Do you need any 
more proof, or are you convinced that you belong to me and that I am 
the strongest." I readily admitted that she was the boss and that I 
would do what she said. And that's how I learned the hard way to never 
argue with a policewoman.

--
