Archive-name: Bestial/pony-i.txt
Archive-author: Dreamer
Archive-title: My Friend, His Pony, & I


Michael lived in a rural area with beautiful green country side in England.  
It looked like scenes from PBS/BBC nature documentaries with green pastures, 
lush trees, and overcast weather.  I was glad already that I accepted 
his's offer to visit.  This was my first trip to the country side.  I was 
so tired when I arrived from my journey from the USA that, I napped for a 
long time.  It was the next day by the time I woke.  My sleep left me with 
that groggy-sleepy-horny-hungry feeling.  Needless to say, I felt very 
relaxed too.  Michael asked if I wanted to go for a walk first before
breakfast.  We walked down a dirt road.  The weather was warm and a little
humid.  As we ambled along a slope, my host pointed out a barn and invited
me to see it.  Since we had already written each other about our attraction
to animals, I started feeling very excited inside.  But since I had only
just arrived, I didn't want to rush things.  So I stayed as cool, calm, and
collected as I could.  But since Michael invited me in, I wasn't about to
decline such hospitality.  Inside, was a nice brown pony munching on some
hay.  The pony seemed to greet Michael with much affection.  We walked over
and Michael stroked the pony.  He nuzzled my arm.  Michael smiled at me
said, "He likes you already.  See, he can tell who's friendly and who's
not.  Lets go for a walk with him." 

We left the barn and walked along the dirt road thru the hills.  The pony
trotted ahead.  The scenery was beautiful.  There were more green slopes
and some distant trees.  We took a bend and ended up back to the barn from
a different path. 

After entering, Michael started rubbing with a towel the pony.  The pony
liked being stroked.  I got a towel and helped.  He was firm and strong and
felt very smooth. I hadn't noticed at first, but Michael moved from rubbing
his hind leg to his rear, and was now petting his balls.  This excited me
very much.  Michael invited me to stroke him too.  The pony got very
excited.  He started moving around and his erection began to grow.  He was
a beautiful brown with lively alert eyes.  I was so involved in the pony
that I hadn't noticed that Michael had removed his pants and was naked from
the waist down.  Michael started to hug the pony and rub his cock against
his beautiful coat.  I continued rubbing the pony's balls and belly.  I was
nervous about touching his erection for fear of startling or scarring him. 
I slowly guided my hand forward from his balls to his slick dick.  I rubbed
his belly with my cheek.  His soft coat felt so good on face.  Michael
suggested to put my clothes on a bale of hay in front of the pony.  I had
to tear myself away from him to do so. 

I walked over to the bale and undid my pants.  As I bent over to take to my
first leg out, the pony nuzzled my rear.  His damp mouth and hot breath on
my rear excited me even more.  Michael said that meant the pony wanted to
fuck me and suggested that I lie on the bale of hay.  I said that I had
never done this and worried it might be too much for me.  He said that the
animals are very sensitive and would be gentle because he could tell that I
was nervous.  I kneeled at the end of the bale and leaned forward onto the
it on my stomach bent at the hips.  The pony walked up behind me.  His
belly brushed against my back while he moved over me.  I felt his wet dick
touch my left cheek, then felt Michael's hand on my side.  He rubbed my
cheek and guided the pony's dick to my anus.  The pony seem very excited,
but Michael told him: "Easy now boy".  The pony stepped forward, and his
warm, wet dick pressed against me firmly.  Michael told me to relax and
spread my legs a little.  As I did, his dick sank into me.  It hurt at
first because he was much larger than a man's dick, and I was a
beastie-virgin.  But it was wet, warm, and slippery enough that there
wasn't too much friction.  Michael stood in front of him so he wouldn't
step forward more until I was ready.  After a minute, my anus stopped
throbbing.  The pony already was wriggling around and wanted more.  Michael
said that he would let him go if I was ready.  I relaxed as much as I
could.  I was VERY excited.  His dick went in farther and rubbed against my
prostate.  I had never been so stimulated in my live.  The pony started
pumping in and out.  I clutched the bale of hay with my arms.  My erection
poked into the hay.  The pony's pumping kept pressing me against the hay
and it felt like I was fucking the hay. 

I looked at Michael standing beside us, stroking the pony's neck and his
own dick.  He had a nice, very uncut dick where the skin completely covered
the head even when erect.  The head of his cock was wet and oozed pre-cum
from under the foreskin.  It looked so juicy; I wanted to lick it.  But I
was so involved in the pony that I couldn't think.  The pony felt so warm
and smooth on my back and inside me.  I could feel that he really liked me,
and I liked him.  It felt like we were one.  I wanted to turn over and hug
the pony with my whole being while he screwed me.  But I started to cum,
and exploded into the bail of hay as I hugged the bale of hay with my whole
body.  It was the most overpowering orgasm I had ever experienced and
consumed me totally.  I had finished, but the pony hadn't. My sphincter was
very relaxed now and the pony was fucking with all of his animal passion. 
I was so stimulated that my erection didn't go down and I was going to climax 
a second time.  At that moment the pony started to whinny.  I squeezed my 
anus and started to cum again.  I could feel his dick pulse and my insides 
filling with my pony-lovers cum.  We were completely in rhythm; we were one.  
Eventually we both stopped and lingered in that position for a long time.  
The heat from the pony felt warm against my back.  Michael smiled and said 
that he shot twice too.  I felt his cum on my side and rubbed it into my skin.  
He stroked the pony and me together, and smiled as he said "Welcome to 
the wide world of animals".  

--
