Archive-name: Bestial/pony.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Pony


It was still very early in the morning and the little herd of miniature
ponies was dozing quietly.  They were quite used to my presence by now
and I was able to move among them without raising any alarm.  The target
of my travel was the young stud of the herd, who at this very moment was
busy having a piss, and I was on my way to help him.  He didn't need any
help, of course, but I enjoyed playing with his long flaccid cock as he
let it hang out to urinate.  Upon reaching him I gave him a quick pat
on the neck as I had before and then quickly got on my knees and reached
under him to caress and swing his penis around.  He didn't mind this and
I think he rather enjoyed it.  When he was done I continued to play with
his organ, and as usual it began to stiffen, in response to my caressing.

Ducking low, I brought my lips to the large nut that was the head of his
wonderful tool and I began to suck on it and stroke it with my tongue.
Ahh, once again I was sucking on that wonderful pony's penis!  As i sucked
and licked I stroked and pumped what wasn't in my mouth and played with
his wonderfully smooth balls.  Today was going to be special because
today somehow I was finally going to get that wonderful pony organ up
into my hole.  I didn't expect to get all of his tool in, of course,
for even though he was a miniature, his organ was still a large size in
length, though fortunately, in girth it was not much bigger than my own.

I can't recall when it was that I first conceived the desire to have
intercourse with a pony, but the idea had been germinating since my
early teens.  I think the trigger was first seeing some film of mating
horses and then shortly after being present and indeed assisting during
the breeding operations on a stud farm.  I can still recall that awesome
sight as the huge snorting stallion, his immense cock waving and flexing
underneath him, moved up to mount the waiting mares.  Before the two were
brought together, it was my job to clean the stallions cock and balls
with a solution of warm soapy water.  For some reason the stables owner
felt that a male should clean the stud, a female should clean the mare.

The first time I was sent to carry out the task I was rather hesitant and
cautious, but soon I was looking forward to the job and as I stroked his
cock with the warm water, it would stiffen  and get quite rigid.  I was
fascinated with this and it didn't take long before I was washing him
regularly and once when he was hard, stroking him to orgasm.  It was
very exciting to watch as his throbbing cock shot out great ropes of
white creamy come, which I soon developed quite a taste for.  Now some
years later I was about to act upon my old fantasy!

I has been working at this particular farm for about six months and
on this occasion the owner and her four children were away for a much
needed holiday, leaving me in charge and free to act upon my curious
desires.  A sudden flex of Smokies cock brought me back to the present
and I realized that if I went much further, I would bring him to orgasm
before I was ready.  To prepare my little hole for the expected horsey
penetration, I had strapped a large rubber dildo into my hole and now
all I had to do was remove it and get down to my hands and knees, which
I quickly did.  Smokie moved behind me and smelling the scent of a mare,
which I had applied to my behind, he acted on his natural instincts and
moved in to mount me.  This was it, the culmination of an old fantasy,
I quivered in anticipation.

Rearing up, Smokie moved forward and the tip of his penis struck at my
waiting hole and he settled much of his weight onto my back, and began to
thrust his organ into me!  I was ecstatic!  The feeling was incredible,
my whole body tingled as he pushed more and more of his pole into my
snug little hole.  Somehow he managed to squeeze his entire prick into
me and I could feel his balls slapping at the crack of my hole.  I was
getting fucked in the ass by a pony!  Without touching my own penis,
I was soon squirting shot after shot of cum as Smokie continued to fuck
me in the ass.  We had been coupled less than a minute when I felt him
begin to spurt his hot creamy load deep in my bowels.  The hydraulic
force behind his orgasm was immense and I felt every intense spurt.

As he dismounted he continued to come and the sticky cream landed on my
back and legs and soaked into the ground.  I felt wild and I quickly
swung around to get my mouth on his softening penis, so I could suck
up the last few drops.  As I was doing so, the cum still dripping
from my hole and covering my back, my own cock still waving about,
semi hard, I heard a small familiar voice say "I thought me and my mum
were the only ones who did that with him" and looked up to see Heather,
the owner's daughter, watching me, her skirt around her waist and her
fingers stroking a smooth young pussy.

--
