                             - The Pool Side -


 Hello, my name is Gee, An interesting thing happened the other night when
 me and my boyfriend were fucking.  Let me give a little description of myself
 first off.  I'm 20, 5' 4", oriental female, 34b, 24, 32.  Actually my real
 name is much longer, but all my friends call me Gee, so I'll stick with
 that for here.   Well, here's the story from the start.

 It was a warm summer friday afternoon, my boyfriend, Joe, and I went out for
 a quick swim in his pool.  I was wearing a black string bikini(one which
 always drove my boyfriend crazy with lust), and we had just gotten done with
 a swim.  He started to dry me off, starting with my shoulders and working his
 towel down my back till he reached the top of the string bottoms.  at which
 time he dropped the towel and gave me a little spank on my ass.  I turned
 around face him and we embraced in a kiss.  His hands went straight to tight
 ass and he tenderly ran his hands all over both cheeks.  I broke the embrace
 and grabbed the front waist band of his swimming suite and lead him into his
 house.  We were both still pretty wet from the swim, but I was getting wet
 from something else now as I led him up the stairs to his bathroom.  "let's
 wash off some of this chlorine, I hate the way it makes my body feel, and
 right now I want my body to feel really good" I said with a sly grin and
 stepped into his shower, "aren't you going to join me?" I turned the water on
 warm, began to remove my top.  My nipples were hard as rocks but it wasn't
 from the cold water that I was just in.  He removed his swimming trunks and
 stepped in with me, I bent over my ass facing him and asked him to help me
 take off the bottoms (I know he loves to feel my ass, and I love to tease
 him with it).  I felt his fingers slip in under the strings and slowly pull
 down the bikini bottoms, inch by inch he went, totally enthralled by his job
 at his hands.  Finally I felt the bottoms drop around my ankles and then felt
 warm kisses all over my ass, from side to side and then he spread my ass
 cheeks and kiss tenderly on my puckered ass hole.   from between my legs I
 reached back and began to reach down his trunks, "take these off" I murmured.
 We both stood up and he dropped his trunks, I put my arms around his neck and
 pulled him to my hot mouth allowing him to enter my mouth with his tongue.
 I slid my hand between us and grabbed his hardening cock, stroking it up and
 down.  When it was hard, I pulled it towards my cunt, and began to rub the
 head of his cock over my dripping slit bringing myself to the brink of
 orgasm.  We got out of the shower, and quickly dried off some.  We carried me
 to his bedroom and he playfully put me down.  He started to play with my
 breasts, pulling, tugging, and rolling each nipple in between his fingers.  I
 couldn't take it much longer, my pussy needed some attention, I began to rub
 my clit and he began to suck and nibble lightly on each nipple.  I so wet
 that just rubbing my clit my fingers began to get soaked, my lips parted
 easily to my touch and I slid one finger into my tight twat.  "uuummmmm " I
 began to moan, getting lost with the sensations of him administrating to my
 breasts and me rubbing my cunt.

 I heard his sucking sounds, and I heard myself moaning, but I also heard
 something else, someone else was moaning.  That's when we saw Janice his next
 door neighbor, she was half concealed by the doorway, but not enough to keep
 use from seeing her seeing that she had her hand up the leg of her shorts
 white shorts which were getting wetter by the minute.  we heard her let
 out a little "aahhhhhh".  Then she noticed that we saw her and her beautiful
 face blushed.  Janice is 22 year old swimsuit model, and you can see why,
 she is 5' 10" 110lbs, and measurements of 36c, 22, 34, mid back length brown
 hair, beautiful seductive brown eyes.  "I needed a cup of milk, " she tried
 to explain "and your door was open, so I just..." "No need for explanations"
 I said trying to sound as sexy as possible getting up and walking over to
 her, "in fact, we would love it if you joined us."  "well...." she stopped
 short as I began to rub her pussy through her shorts which were dripping wet,
 "ummmmmm....." was all the response more I got out of her.  I led her to the
 bed where Joe was laying his erection standing straight up.  I slid my hand
 up her t-shirt to find she wasn't wearing a bra and began to feel her tits.
 Joe moved to us and took her other tit in one of his hands and he other had
 went to work on my breasts.  she took off her shirt and now her full breasts
 were exposed for us to play with.  Joe slid his hand up her left and tugged
 her shorts off her and much to both our delight she had shaved her pussy.  I
 couln't resist and pulled her to the bed, laying her down on her back and
 buried my face in her cunt.  I thought I was wet, but she was nearly wet
 enough to make splashes, I lapped her juices with my darting tongue,
 circulating her clit, and she played with her nipples, joe came up behind me
 and began and I put my ass up for him.  He began to lick and sick my pussy,
 doing the same to me as I was her.  Janice and both were panting like crazy,
 joe had me so close to cumming but not allowing it, that I doubled my efforts
 on janice, pushing a finger into her as  I sucked her clit into my mouth.
 Janice began cumming like crazy he body began thrashing on the bed.  That was
 all I needed, I came like I never before, I collapsed on top of janice.  Joe
 layed on his back on the bed, I needed to feel his cock in me, so I straddled
 him rising and falling on his stiff dick, janice then straddled joe's face
 and was facing me.  We began playing with each other's breasts and kissing,
 our tongues probing each other's mouth.  Janice and I were moaning almost in
 unison 'ohhhhhhhhh...... ummmmmm..... ohhhhh....." janice grinned her hungry
 cunt down hard on joes face trying to his tongue in her deeper and deeper, and
 I was going faster and faster riding joe.  Janice and I came together, and we
 held each other while our orgasms hit.  Then we switched positions, now I was
 riding joe's face and she his cock, all we heard from joe was
 "uuuoooo,mmmmm...oohhh....." then he announced "oh god, I'm going to cum."
 Janice and I dismounted joe, and we each took turns licking his cock, and
 while one was licking it, the other was licking his balls.  Janice and I
 began fingering each other's pussies, while we working over joe.  Joe came
 with a vigor I have never seen in him before, and janice and I tried our
 bests to catch every drop of his cum.  I felt janices walls tighten around my
 finger and I worked faster and faster at her pussy, "UUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMM" was
 all I heard from her and suddenly her body began bucking and going wild as
 orgasms wracked her body.  She then returned the favor by eating my tight
 hole.  sucked my clit and fingered my pussy, and before I knew it I was
 moaning and bucking "aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"  I don't know how many
 orgasms went through me then, but when we were done we all collapsed on joe's
 bed, just stroking each other's bodies till we all fell asleep.

 Since that time, Janice is a regular part of joe and mine sex life.  and
 there are more story's to cum....
