Archive-name: Family/poolsumr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Swimming Pool, The


        Today was another gorgeous one.  The midsummer sun was very
brilliant, and hardly a single cloud to cover the earth.  After a slow
breakfast my mom suggested we go to the pool.  I had no other plans and
it seemed the right thing to do given the atmosphere.  My dad withdrew
from the offer, citing he had to do things around the house.  My mom
told my sister, Allison, and I to get ready to leave in a little bit.
Before long we left for the pool.
        At the entrance, I heard the familiar water rustling, and the
chlorine fragrance was quite appealing.  It was such a day where one
could hardly keep your eyes open; it was that bright.  We located three
chaises, one for each of us, and unpack ed our supplies.  My mom was
quick to oil herself and take to the sun.  From hence on she was lost
in her book, as were most moms at the pool.  Allison took the oil and
slid some upon her already too tan form.  I waited patiently for her to
finish as I watched her through squinted eyes.  The oil transfigured my
sister into a very inviting thing, far from which I usually thought of
her.  She handed me the bottle upon her finishing and soon we all lay
for the bask.
        I must have fallen asleep for I awoke to find my mother packing
her things and informing Allison and I that she was going home.  She
asked each of us if we wanted to go, but we told her we would rather
stay and walk the short distance home.  Allison arched her head up from
her chaise and looked across at me, "I'm gonna go in...", she told me.
I never really cared too much for the water itself and told her to go
on without me.  I watched as my sister took the the water.  From my
angle on the chaise Allison's form was at great perspective and seemed
to fly away as she walked to poolside.  She paused at the edge and
seemed to ponder the cold water. I sat up and watched her.  Allison was
wearing a very slim two piece; the top red, and bottoms black.  From
the rear, her bikini seemed almost nonexistant.  It was truly a French-
cut, and her rear was all but completely naked.  She slithered into the
water and I went back to the rays.  I looked around the pool and
noticed how just about all the women looked great in swimwear.  There
were exceptions, of course, but all in all, it was arousing.  Some moms
even looked great, one in particular looked as fine as a girl half her
age.  I heard the water dispatch before me, and Allison climbed from
the edge.  Since there was no ladder, she had to use the "straddle"
method to arise from the water.  The lack of bikini material was at
moment rather obvious.  Once out, Allison tugged on her bikini to
readjust the narrow fit.  She came an d sat across her chaise.  "Oh
God...fuckin' freezing!", she informed me. I noticed anyhow, for her
nipples pressed upon her bikini from her shivers. I sat up and stared
into the pool.  It was still remarkably white and brilliant outside.
It was very loud around me, but all I seemed to hear was distorted
sounds from the pool.  Allison turned to me and spoke but it seemed I
could barely hear her...it was like there existed a clear bubble around
me.  My sister's words must have been rhetorical for I did not reply
but she seemed content anyhow.  Allison fell back upon her chaise to
again recieve some sun.  My chaise was situated substantially lower
than hers, and from my angle I could see my sister at her exact side.
The hot sun sparkled off my sister's tan body and illuminated every
bump and form of her browning figure.  Her black bikini bottom soaked
in the heat and created a void of light to focus on.  Being so close, I
could see such detail of my sister.  Her moist skin was still cold from
the water and goose-bumps formed along her upper thigh.  From along the
fabric of her black bottoms sprouted tiny bits of her pubic hair.
Allison sat up, and quickly I readjusted my gaze.  She began to apply
more tanning lotion on her. I watched her, but it seemed normal, as if
I was simply day dreaming.  She lathered her fuzzy belly and along her
shoulders.  I felt a tap on my shoulder and looked to see Allison was
tapping the bottle upon my arm.  I looked to her and she instructed me
to oil her legs.  "I don't fell like bending over, could ya' please?",
my sister conned me.  I took the lotion from her and without delay let
fall some oil on her knee.  I worked the slick liquid all along her
kneecap and up her muscled leg.  I looked elsewhere as I dampened her
with the oil.  I felt my sister's cool legs begin to warm as I applied
more oil to her.  I repeated the same procedure on her other leg, this
time with more oil and faster.  I had finished near her knees and
dribbled some lubrication on her upper thigh.  I swished the liquid
around her thigh and around the side of her leg.  I noticed Allison was
already deep into her tanning and had her eyes closed to shade the
intense light of the day sun.  I spread the oil around and peeked
across between my sister's legs.  Her black bikini sucked deep into her
fleshy legs up around her body.  I inched my hands up further and
rubbed some lotion on Allison's hip region.  As I went further I began
to feel the roughness of my sister's pubic region.  I quickly pulled
away as I felt her prickly shaved area.  Allison motioned me to stop
and tugged her bikini up again.  For the next hour we sat mutually in
the sun enhancing our bodies.  The strong coconut smell of the lotion
was still among us, espcecially evident near Allison.  After a while
the sun began to fade and finally my sister awoke from her tanning
sleep.  She looked around and up at the falling sun and suggested that
we leave.  I agreed and we gathered our supplies and left for the walk
home.  We were out the pool and crossing the paved parking lot.  About
halfway across we realized the rapidly growing heat given off by the
baked ground.  Immediately I took off running for the distant grass.
After reaching the green safety I looked back and saw my sister running
as did I.  Soon she approached near and hopped onto the grass hugging
onto me to slow her down.  She held onto me like she had a wounded leg
and reached down and patted her hot feet.  "Goddam, I didn't realize it
was so fuckin' hot until it was too late...", Allison said under her
panting.  She released her hug and we went about our short journey
home.  It was still quite sunny, even though in decline, and we
scampered from shade to shade.  We agreed to take the shortcut through
the creek and headed that way.  Once there, we noticed the water level
was higher than usual and we would have to jump from rock to rock.  I
went first and made the crossing with few mistakes.  Allison tossed
across her supplies to me and began to step across.  "Be careful, that
rock is slippery", I aided my sister.  It was no good though, she
misread the rock, falling into the cold creek water.  She fell right on
her mostly naked ass and was sitting waist deep in the water in
disgust.  "Fuck!  I knew it...", she complained as I walked over in the
water and took her arm to help her up.  "Here...c'mon", I said as I
tugged her up from the freezing water.  We simply walked back to the
tiny creek shore and Allison began to check herself out for damage.
"That hurt like shit", my angry sis grumbled.  She struggled to peer
around her back down at her butt to see if she was hurt.  "Does it look
red?", Allison asked as she turned her butt to me.  It looked marvelous
but I, of course, told her it was just fine.  "Hold on...let me a rest
a second.", Allison spoke as she sat legs spread on the sandy bank.  I
waited and flipped rocks into the creek as my sister went about her
complaints.  "That water was freezing...geez, it did feel good though
today.", Allison mentioned as she looked up at the reddish sun.  I came
and sat next to her and asked her how she was feeling.  "Fine, I
guess...you know, this would probably be a good place to get a tan.",
my sister began to ramble on.  I told her the pool did just fine for me
but she quickly replied, "Yeh, but here, it's so quiet and were the
only ones....no bratty kids and ugly fat guys".  I laughed and agreed
that she was right on those accounts.  " We could probably, like, go
naked here, you know, for a real tan.  Well, me at least, I could, I
guess for you it doesn't really matter so much.", my sister suggested.
This idea struck me quite hard and made sure my reply was favorable.  I
honestly replied, "Yeh, I guess so.  No one ever really goes back here
except us.  You're right, for a guy I can usually tan all I need to tan
with pants on.".  Allison shook her head in agreeance and after a
second of silent said, "Yeh, maybe tomorrow I'll come back here...and
get the all-over tan.".  I quickly thought of a way to include myself
without sounding to forward.  "Yeh, tomorrow sounds good...it's
supposed to be real hot, like today.", I said and waited for my
invitation.  Soon Allison spoke, "I guess we'll bring a few big towels
to lay on...cause the sands too hot.  I'm not sure what to wear,
though.".  She didn't actually ask me but she did mention "we" and I
inferred I was to go along.  I thought about her last remark of what to
wear and suggested to her, "Why don't you just wear what you have on
today, no one will noticed you wore the same thing, but me.  Besides,
that's pretty close to wearing nothing anyhow."  It was silent for a
while and Allison seemed to be checking out the area around us.  My
sister leaned up a bit and sat indian style.  "Yeh, I guess I can wear
this again.  Plus, if I decide to wear my bottoms I can still get a
good tan", my sister spoke as she stood up.  I thought about her words
and realized she not only intended to go topless, but bottomless as
well.  This was better than I could have hoped and now I anticipated
tomorrow greatly.  Allison got behind me and pulled me up by my armpits
and we left the creek.  The whole way home I could think of nothing
but what was in store for tomorrow.

        Once home I still had Allison on my mind.  All through the
night I pondered the day to follow.  At night, in bed I began to have
doubts and realized our objective might not materialize.  There were
many things to obtrude our day at the creek.  For one, my mom
probably wanted to go to the pool and would no doubt ask us to go.
Surely Allison wouldn't tell mom we were going to tan naked by the
creek.  I must have fallen asleep pondering these dilemmas for I
awoke to a tap on my shoulder.  I cracked my eyes to see Allison
standing before me.  "Get up.  You are gonna go with me, aren't you?",
she asked.  At first I didn't know what she meant, then it hit me and I
returned promptly,"Oh yeh...I'll be ready pretty soon.".  Allison
informed me that mom and dad were at the mall for the day.
It had all worked perfectly, and I could barely wait for the next
hour.  I changed into my bathing suit and went upfront to see if
Allison was ready to leave.  As I entered the hallway I saw my sister
in the laundry room pulling up her bikini over her bare ass.  She met
me in the kitchen and asked if I was ready to go.  I told her I was
indeed ready....more than she knew.  Allison gathered up the necessary
supplies and we locked the door behind us.
        As the passage began we both noted the extreme heat and bliding
sun.  It was far hotter than it was yesterday giving us a great chance
to tan.  Allison had sweat pants on and said, "I'm dying in these
pants".  I knew what she had worn since I saw her dressing but still
asked, "What did you decide to wear?".  "Oh, I wore the same bikini
bottoms as I did yesterday, but no top...just this", as she tugged on
her red T-shirt.  Upon the way we talked much about the day to follow.
Allison posed, "I wonder if anyone else will be there?".  I doubted it
since no one ever was there and gave her my opinion.  She shrugged and
agreed, "Yeh, probably not...if there are we're gonna leave, o.k?".  I
agreed and we continued on our way.  We neared the creek and began to
crawl through the brush leading to it.  The creek was well hidden in
shrubbery such that no one could see in without actually going to the
water.  I was walked upon the sandy bank my heart began to race with
anticipation.  Allison staked out an area and dropped our bag of
supplies down.  She took two large towels from the bag and spread them
out next to each other.  I took a seat on one and pretended to be busy
with myself as I watched my sister in the corner of my eye.  "Looks
like it's just us...I sure hope no one shows up later.", she hoped
aloud.  I shook my head in acknowledgement of her words.  Allison
walked over and stood before me.  She looked down and threw me the
tanning oil, "Here...you better use a lot...its gonna be hot as shit."
My sis stood before me as I began to apply the oil to my arms.  I was
working the oil on my shoulder when Allison pulled her shirt over her
head.  Her small breasts were indeed quite white in contrast the her
tan torso.  I didn't want to stare but Allison made me look by
saying, "See what I mean...my tits are so white."  I glanced at them
and laughed lightly to her comment.  I was done and stared blatently at
my lovely sister.  She seemed confused and asked,"I dunno, whadda ya'
think...should I take off my bikini too?"  I had to hold back my urge
to blast out "YES" and instead offered, "It's up to you.  Do you need
to?"  Allison thought about my question and unfortunately said, "Well,
I guess not really."  My sister came and sat next to me on her towel.
She took the oil from next to me and dumped a glob on her belly.  I
watched closely as she spread the slippery subtance on her ribs and
belly.  She again took the bottle and squeezed out some oil on her
upper chest.  The liquid quickly took to drip down her breast.  She
washed the oil around on her chest and caught the dripping ointment
gleeming on her breasts.  She massaged her gooey hands over her petite
breats and pressed her greasy fingers on her dark nipples .  I felt my
penis shift in my pants and rolled over slightly to hide.  My sister
threw me the slick bottle and commanded me to oil her legs.  I was in
heaven and slowly performed my duty.  Allison watched me as I greased
up her hot legs.  After about five minutes I had done her legs and
began on her hips.  I was careful where I let the oil fall and
precisely ran my hand along her hips.  I was nervous and wasn't sure
where to go next.  Allison noticed I had stopped and said, "Here...get
under here...", as she lifted up her straps to her bikini bottom.  I
ran my oiled hand under her forbidden strap lines.  I could clearly see
her pussy the way she lifted her straps.  "Hold on....", my sister
stood up before me,"  what the fuck...", and she stripped off her black
bottoms.  Her black pubic hair glistened the reflecting sun back
brightly to my eyes.  "I hope no one shows up", Allison again spoke.  I
was very excited now and had a large erection beneath my swimming
trunks.  My sister sat back down next to me and rolled over onto her
stomach.  Her large beautiful ass bumped up high in the air.  I
couldn't help but to stare at my sensual sister.  I heard shocking
words come from Allison.  She said, "Hey, could you oil my back and
legs?".  I nervously spoke back, "Umm...I guess."  Perhaps Allison
sensed my feelings and asked, "Don't be nervous.  You've seen me naked
before, I know."  With her words I leaned over her back and greased it
up very nicely.  Next I moved down to her calfs and oiled all the way
up until I reached the base of her fatty ass.  From my angle behind my
sister I couldn't help but to notice her hairy vagina and even her
hairy asshole.  I had stopped and was looking into my sister's hairy
center when a sudden urge overcame me.  I wanted to press on and
dribbled some oil on my sister's butt cheeks.  I squished her humps
around with my palms and pulled her buttocks apart causing her vagina
to separate.  I was in shock with excitement.  The crack of her butt
was very inviting so I poured some oil down the trench and watched as
drops filled up her hairy asshole.  "Hey what are you doing!", Allison
flipped around quickly and scolded me.  "I don't need oil down there I
don't think!", my angry sister yelled.  "G eez", she said as she rolled
over, "thats good enough.".  I felt bad and embarrased by my
unwarranted move.  She was right I guess, but I couldn't help it.  I
returned to my towel next to Allison and said nothing.  A few minutes
later, perhaps feeling the tension, my sis spoke softly, "I'm sorry I
yelled at ya'.  I was just caught off guard".  I felt better my sister
felt appeased and I groaned in acceptance to her words.  After I had
almost fallen asleep in the sun, I awoke to words from Allison .  "Hey,
you better put some oil on...you're gonna burn.", she said as she
looked down next to me.  "Yeh, I suppose.  Could ya' hand me it?", I
asked of my sister.  Allison reached over and got the oil from her bag.
"Here, I'll do it...just lay back down.", she surprised me and I was
secretly very aroused.  As soon as my sister's hot hands fell upon my
belly I could feel an erection growing.  She rubbed the oil smoothly
upon my belly and chest.  By the time she reached my legs I had a large
erection quite noticable in my pants....and she saw it.  "Wow..you
sure are horny today.", my sister tactlessly stated.  I tried to play
it off, "Huh? Whadda ya' mean?".  It didn't work and my sister
furthered my embarrasment, "You know damn well what I mean....this!",
and she flicked my erection through my pants.  I didn't know what to
say; there was really no excuse, and she was quite correct.  I said
nothing and waited for sis to say something else to hurt me.
"Here...lemme see that thing.", my sister said as she began to tug down
my pants.  I was very startled and responded quickly, "Hey!  Looks
who's talking...", and I stood up and pulled up my pants.  Allison was
laughing when I turned to her.  "Geez...you sure are shy..", she
commented, " ..I've seen you many times before anyhow."  She was
correct, but still it didn't feel right stripping before my sister.
She obviously had no problem exposing her body to me; but I was, just
as she said, SHY.  "Oh, c'mon...drop em", she chided me on .  I was
beginning to feel the pressure and Allison continued her instigation,
"O.k..drop em just for a second or two."  I quickly tugged my shorts
down and my hard dick popped and bounced out from my body.  Allison
slowly walked closer to me and placed her arms on my shoulders.  "Its
so nice around here ya know?", my sister asked of me.  We were face to
face; arm in arm, and I was quite nervous........

                                        to be continued....
--
