Archive-name: Amazon/pool.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Pool


    As I was sitting around the pool, soaking in the "rays", 
I noticed this very attractive woman walk in. She picked up one of the 
lounge chairs with ease and walked over to a corner to set up for her 
"sun session". At first glance she didn't look very muscular, but as 
she was getting comfortable I noticed her calf, thigh, and arm muscles 
popping in and out, almost as if they were teasing me.

    As I tried putting the thought of her bulging muscles out 
of my mind her boy friend came down. Now, he was a big guy - about 6', 
195 lbs.; however, his legs looked weak and undeveloped compared to 
hers.  After a while they were sitting on the edge of the pool and he 
pushed her in. She came up smiling and I heard her say, " Want to play 
rough, huh ? After last night I thought you would have had enough, but 
I see you still have some doubts about me being too strong for you". 
With that she pulled him into the shallow end of the pool. Then she 
wrapped her legs around his waist, while her arms encircled his head, 
and began to squeeze. I could hardly believe my eyes; her thigh muscles 
were awesome. The fellow began to thrash around trying to get loose, to 
no avail. She began to snap her legs open and closed several times 
while he was begging her to stop. Finally, with one solid burst of 
power she almost knocked him out. She stood up and draped him over her 
shoulder and with no apparent effort carried him out of the pool.  She 
gently placed him on one of the lounges. She stood there, with a 
knowing smile, as she looked down at the helpless male.

    When he had regained some of his composure and senses she 
began teasing him with statements like: "Want to go some more ?  Any 
doubts now that I can take you anytime and anywhere I want ?  I really 
wish you were stronger so you could at least make it interesting "; 
then she said, "now go back to the apartment and wait there until I'm 
ready to come in. Your face is getting red - wonder if that's a result 
of the sun, my legs or are you embarrassed that I whipped you in front 
of these people ?".  He left with out any comment.

    I guess my face was showing my shock at what had 
happened, and maybe she saw some fascination as well; because she 
looked at me and winked. She then walked over to me and said," Why 
don't you move over by me and talk awhile ? You look like you have a 
thousand questions". After we had moved things around and were 
comfortable we began to talk and naturally the conversation quickly got 
around to her strength. She told me that she was proud of her strength 
and that she, " especially likes to put the macho men in power holds 
and then tease and taunt them. Once I get them helpless, and I always 
do, I make them admit I'm stronger than they are, beg for mercy; and 
then I increase the power a little. They all submit and the ones who 
are the most macho I sometimes will keep the pressure on until they 
pass out ".

    I told her that I was amazed at her strength and that I 
was not one of the macho types, but I could not imagine a woman having 
enough strength to pin me or make me beg for mercy. Well, that wasn't 
the smartest move in my life. She looked at me and laughed.

     Then she said, " Oh good, another victim! Bob will be 
glad to see that I can do the same thing to other men with my power 
that I do to him.  In fact I'm going to use you to really demonstrate 
my strength to him.  Go take a shower and then come on over to my 
apartment in an hour. If I have to come after you I'll make you sorry 
you didn't do as I said ".  With that she winked and walked off 
whistling. I couldn't believe it had happened ! But, I wasn't going to 
miss this chance to prove my strength against a woman.

    I knocked on her door and she answered wearing a bikini. 
She asked me in and introduced me to Bob; who said, "you realize that 
you don't stand a chance against her don't you ? She will take you and 
do whatever she wants with you and there's nothing you can do about 
it". I was trying to laugh it off and I looked over at her. She was 
smiling a wicked smile and her eyes seemed to twinkle.

    She said, " come over here Tim and I'll let you feel my 
leg muscles before we start - you'll be feeling them a lot, but you 
won't be able to concentrate on them too much then because of all the 
pain ". I went over and she flexed her thighs. I had never felt 
anything harder in my life.  I think it was at this point that I knew 
she was in fact too strong for me - at least her legs were. Then she 
said, " lets arm wrestle first 'cause I'm sure you think your upper 
body is stronger than mine and I want you to actually see how badly 
mistaken you are ". So we locked hands and Bob said, "Go". I figured 
that I'd slam her arm down fast; but, she had other ideas. Her arm 
didn't budge and she began to smile that knowing smile of hers. " We 
are supposed to start when Bob says go.  Oh, I'm sorry you did start; I 
couldn't feel it. Well, now you've had your shot it's my turn. I'm 
going to put your little, weak arm down slowly so you can feel my 
strength ". And she did ! No matter how hard I fought it. Afterwards 
she said, " I want you to know that I didn't need or use all of my 
strength to beat you - I was afraid I would snap your arm like a twig 
if I had really put the muscle to it. Are you ready to wrestle ? ".  I 
knew I was in for it but I was locked into it now. We started on our 
knees and again Bob said, "Go". As we dove for position on each other I 
was hoping to use my weight advantage to pin her. But, she easily 
muscled me off of her, wrapped her legs around my waist and began to 
squeeze me until I thought I'd pass out. She was laughing the whole 
time and began her taunting. " See my legs are strong aren't they ? Put 
your hands on my thighs and feel how hard and big they get ". I did and 
as she flexed them I again felt light headed. Then she said, " Watch 
this ! I'm going to make you beg me to stop. Only you won't be able to 
talk much ". With that she leaned back and began to squeeze then let up 
and repeated this combination about five times; working over my back 
and stomach. Then she put on one solid burst of power and I thought she 
was going to break my back. I began to flop around like a fish out of 
water and beat on those powerful thighs to make them let go. She was 
laughing at me and I heard her say to Bob; " See honey, no man is any 
match for me; it's not you.  Look at his face turning red and I haven't 
put him in my head scissors yet - wait until you see that ! ". She let 
up on the pressure some and asked me, " Have you had enough, little man 
? Is this "weak woman" too much for you ? ".
  Before I could answer she poured on the power again and I was unable 
to talk. She said, " I know you can't talk but shake your head yes or 
no to the questions: Am I stronger than You ?  Do you want me to let 
you go ?  Will you kiss my thigh muscles to symbolize their domination 
of you ? ".
     I shook my head yes to all of them. She let me go and got 
to her feet and stood over my prostrate body. She bent down and lifted 
my head up by the hair to her thighs. As I placed my lips on them she 
flexed them and pressed my face into that rock hard muscle. She let me 
lay there recovering for five or ten minutes while she strutted around 
me flexing and laughing at my helpless condition. Then she said, " I am 
getting bored with this so I'm going to work you over some more then 
I'm going to knock you out -once using my legs and once using my arms."

    Once again I found myself between those beautiful, 
powerful legs of hers, only this time it was my neck. She began moving 
her legs back and forth while she was squeezing and saying, " Isn't 
this sexy ?  I could put you out now if I wanted to, but I want to hear 
you BEG some ". Then she really began to squeeze and I knew her power; 
this panicked me and I began crying " please stop before you hurt me 
seriously". She laughed and replied, " yeah, he's finally learning. I 
could probably crush your skull, but don't worry I won't - that would 
put you out of commission too long and I want you around so I can work 
you over at least two or three times a week. " Again another burst of 
power and I began trying to get loose. She started shaking me like a 
dog does a toy. When she stopped I was almost unconscious. " Well, Bob 
I think he's almost had it. He sure gave up easily, didn't he ? Not 
that I blame him. Now watch this ! " She let me go and then stood up. 
She reached down, lifted my head by the hair and placed it almost 
gently between her calves. She waited until I had gained some of my 
senses. " Now I'm going to show you what real calf muscles feel like ". 
She raised up on her toes and flexed her calf muscles until I saw 
stars. Before I passed out she again let go and I dropped to the floor, 
totally spent. This time when I came around she was sitting down facing 
me. She lifted my head up and placed it in the upper part of her thighs 
and let go with a sudden burst of power. " Now, look at my face and 
keep your eyes open as long as you can. "  I did and she began to 
slowly increase the pressure. I watched her smile as my face turned 
into a grimace of pain. " Good night weakling. My legs are now going to 
put you out of your misery." And they did !!

    After about a half an hour rest she came up and said, " 
Time for my arms to do you in - let's go ". We wrestled around awhile 
and she put me in a bear hug. " Put your hands on my arms and feel the 
muscles grow as I squeeze you." My Lord, what strength. Her arms had 
not looked that large, but they were solid. Again I felt myself going 
out. She let me drop to the floor and immediately put me in a headlock. 
"Please, let me go I've had enough. You're too much for me. You are the 
strongest woman I've ever met. Please, finish me off ". She laughed and 
said, " OK, little one, I'm getting tired of beating you up, for now 
anyway.  I'll finish you off !." She got my head over her arm with her 
biceps on my throat. She lifted me off the floor about an inch and 
carried me like this over to a mirror. She let me watch as she smiled, 
winked, flexed her biceps and put me out.
    When I came to she had Bob in a head scissors. She 
reached over, grabbed me in a headlock and flexed every muscle in her 
powerful body. Both Bob and I went out. This time when I regained 
consciousness she laughed and said, " WOW, I've never put TWO MEN out 
at the same time. Next time I'll take you both on at the same time 
while you are both fresh. And I'll do the same thing. Anybody want 
anymore today ? "      We both said NO !!

    As she shrugged she said, " I'm going to take a shower 
and then we'll fix some dinner and spend a quiet evening here." When 
she came back in she had on a T-shirt and shorts. " I'm wearing this so 
you guys can see & feel my muscles whenever you want tonight."  We sat 
there watching TV and from time to time she would flex one of her 
muscles. It was much more fun feeling them this way than wrapped around 
my body or head.

    We still wrestle two or three times a week but I haven't 
come close to winning; but, neither has Bob.

--
