                              "The Porn Movie"

        Mandy and Jesse were juniors in college. Both came from fairly well-
to-do families, both came from rigid backgrounds, and both were virgins. Both 
had resisted sexual advances from various guys throughout their college 
carreers, because of their fear that their parents would find out - and the
fact that they had no idea what do to to satisfy anyone.

        Now, they both had fairly steady boyfriends, both of whom obviously
wished the girls would put out for them. And the girls were starting to wish
they could as well.

        It was Jesse's idea. The answer, she said, was a porn movie.

        "Think about it. All the stuff they do in those movies, we'll have to
learn some stuff, right?"

        "Jesse, have you ever actually SEEN one of those movies?"

        "Um. No, but, I mean, all the ads you see, the way the guys talk 
about them, there's gotta be something to them..." Jesse looked uncertain.

        Mandy looked at her roomate. She felt her own face turning as red as
Jesse's. "All right. I'll go if you will."

        So that Friday night found them nervously walking from Jesse's car
to the local porn film palace. A bored, middle-age woman sat in the ticket
booth, watching them without interest.

        "Um. Two, please." Mandy's mouth was dry, and her voice cracked. She
felt her face turn beet-red.

        "We're both 21", Jesse added quickly, nervously.

        The woman sneered at them. "Yeah", was her only response as she took
the money and gave them two tickets.

        Mandy almost pushed Jesse into the theater, anxious to get away from
the leering woman. Their hearts beat wildly as they heard the sound track
before they could see the screen. Jazz music and moaning. They looked at each
other nervously. "Wonder if PeeWee Herman's in here", Jesse giggled.

        At the end of the short hallway, they paused. Looking into the 
theater, they immediately noticed three things. First, there were only about
a dozen people scattered around, sitting far apart from each other. Second,
they were all males. Third, on the screen was an image of two women locked
in a mad embrace. 

        Jesse froze. Mandy had to push her to get her to move. They sat in
the second to last row from the back, eyes fixed on the screen in sheer
disbelief. Mandy left a vacant seat between them so the men wouldn't think
they were...well...lesbians.

        Finally, Jesse turned to her with wide eyes. "Holy shit, how do they
DO that stuff?" Her mouth hung open as on the screen, a woman inserted a
string of small balls held together by a string into another woman's ass.

        Mandy just stared and shook her head.

        Lost in the film, faces flushed in the flickering light, they didn't
notice two people entering the theater and sitting behind them. 

        Jesse heard a sound, a wet smacking sound. But it didn't come from
the screen. Puzzled, she turned her head slightly. Her jaw dropped in 
amazement.

        Sitting behind them were two women. And they were kissing each other.
On the mouth. Shocked, Jesse just stared. After a moment, one of the women
noticed her. Jesse wanted to sink down into her seat as the woman smiled
gently and winked at her!

        Jesse turned to the screen again and tried to ignore the sounds 
behind her. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Mandy turn around, saw 
the look on her face, saw her quickly turn back to the screen. And there they 
sat, like statues, watching as the women on the screen fondled each other as 
the women behind them kissed.

        Sometime during the movie, the women quietly left. Jesse and Mandy,
awed by the action on the screen, didn't notice. Finally, the film ended, 
and they sat there gaping as several of the men arose and hurredly left.

        They looked at each other. "That was different. Not gonna help us, 
but it was different. Wanna stay and see if the next one has guys?" Mandy
asked. Jesse shook her head violently.

        "No way. I gotta get outa here. Did you SEE those two behind us?"

        Mandy nodded. "Unreal, the kinds of people that come to these things.
Ya know?" She laughed. "But then again, WE'RE here, aren't we?"

        Jesse laughed as well, and the headed down the short hallway. As they
passed the ticket booth, the old lady leered at them once more.  

        Out on the sidewalk, they had gone about ten feet when they heard
soemone calling out to them. They stopped and, turning, found the two women
who had been sitting behind them walking up to them!

        The girls had no idea what to do. They stood there as the woman came
right up to them.

        "Hi. I'm Lila." The woman was probably twice their age, her voice
low and throaty. "This is Sasha." She motioned to her companion, who nodded.

        With great difficulty, the girls introduced themselves. Lila smiled
at them. "First time in there, huh?" They nodded uneasily.

        "Not what you expected, was it?" 

        Mandy had to laugh. "Not by any means." Lila smiled at her, her face
seeming to light up the darkness. She put her arm around Sahsa and spoke as
the girls felt themselves turning red again.

        "Tell you what. I have some movies at my place that are much, much
better than that. Interested?" Her eyes lingered on their faces as they
shuffled their feet.

        Mandy almost died when she heard Jesse say, "Sure. Is it far?"

        Lila shook her head. "No, just a few miles. You want a ride, or do 
you have a car?"

        Mandy spoke up. "We have a car." She glared at Jesse.

        "Good. You can follow us. See you there."

        Lila and Sasha got into a car parked at the curb. As the girls turned
towards Jesse's car, Mandy muttered, "Nice job, asshole. What are you getting
us into?"

        Jesse, now having second thoughts, mumbled something that Mandy
couldn't understand. They got into the car and found Lila's car pulling 
around in front of them. Mandy sighed and slouched down into her seat as
Jesse followed Lila.

        Her thoughts whirling, Jesse blindly followed the other car. Damn, 
there's no way I should be doing this. Why the hell am I? But the trip was
indeed short, and Jesse didn't have time to talk herself out of it before
they arrived in front of a Cape Cod-style house on a nearby street.

        The lights went out on Lila's car, and she and Sasha got out. Lila
came back to Jesse's car, where the two sat nervously.

        "It's OK, really. Come on in. I don't bite. And who knows, you might
learn some things." Lila's eyes twinkled. Jesse managed a weak grin, while
Mandy tried to avoid looking up at Lila. Lila, seeing the hesitation, reached
out and opened Mandy's door. Slowly, her face flaming, Mandy clambered out.
Jesse almost tripped over herself in her haste to open her own door and
join them on the sidewalk. Sasha and Lila were now holding hands, and Lila
smiled gently at the girls' nervous glances as they went up to the house.

        Telling the girls to have a seat, Lila asked if they would like a 
beer. Sasha headed for the stairs.

        "We're only twenty", Mandy stuttered. Lila grinned and said, "That's
nice. I'm forty one. Would you like a beer?" The two looked at each other,
both afraid to say yes. Lila shook her head in wonder and went into the
kitchen. She came back a moment later with three Canadian beers.

        "Here's to sex." Lila held up her bottle. The girls felt their faces
turn beet red yet again as they held their bottles up to hers. Lila then
went to a shelf and took a video out. Starting the VCR, she said quietly,
"I think you'll enjoy this."

        At least this one has a guy in it, Mandy thought. Just one, and there
seems to be about twenty girls. She watched the movie in fascination, not
realizing how quickly she finished her beer. Glancing at Jesse, she saw her
roommate staring at the screen, fidgeting in the chair.

        Lila watched quietly. She got two more beers to replace the ones the
girls had so quickly drained. Those, too, soon vanished, and were replaced.

        Jesse stirred. "I gotta go", she mumbled. Lila told her the bathroom
was upstairs, and Jesse disappeared, watching the screen until the last
moment.

        This is wild, Mandy thought. She felt strange. Sitting here, drinking
beer, watching a sex movie with a middle-aged woman. Wild. She glanced at
Lila, who smiled at her and ran her tongue around the rim of the bottle.
Mandy flushed and turned away.

        The movie ended. Jesse was still gone. Mandy stood, stumbling as her
head started spinning. "I gotta go too", she said thickly. Lila told her
where the bathroom was, and Mandy soon felt relieved. But where had Jesse
gone to? As she came out of the bathroom, she heard something down the hall.

        Her body tingled as she realized it was the same sound she had heard
Lila and Sasha making at the movie as they kissed.

        Heart pounding, Mandy poked her head around the half-open door of the
room where the sounds came from. She froze.

        Jesse sat on the bed next to Sasha. Sasha was nude, and Jesse's top
was open. Sasha was kissing her roommate! And Jesse didn't seem inclined to
stop her. Her eyes were closed, and her hand was on top of Sasha's - which
rested directly on Jesse's left breast.

        Mandy felt herself pale. Holy SHIT, she thought. What the hell's 
gotten into her? She almost leaped out of her skin when she felt arms gently
go around her own waist. She heard the rustle of breath at her ear, felt 
Lila's tongue gently flicking across her neck. Dizzy, off-balance, Mandy had
no idea what to do. Teeth tugged gently at her earlobe, and the hands around
her were slowly undoing her top, pulling it out of her jeans.

        "No", Mandy tried to say. All that came out of her mouth was "oh".

        Hands slid into her now-open top, and she felt the fingers brushing
her nipples through her bra. Her eyes were fixed on her roommate's face
as Sasha whispered in Jesse's ear. Jesse's face turned crimson - and she
lay back on the bed, arms spread invitingly. Sasha unzipped Jesse's jeans.

        A sudden tingle made Mandy close her eyes in spite of herself. The
feeling of someone kissing her neck, these strange hands on her breasts, was
becoming too much for her to handle. Just a bit giddy from the strong 
Canadian beer, Mandy reached up behind her and put her own hands around 
Lila's neck, pulling her closer.

        Lila responded by pulling Mandy's top off completely. Mandy, not sure
why, didn't resist at all as she felt Lila undoing her bra. She looked down
at her exposed breasts, with someone else's hands caressing them, the nipples
quickly hardening.

        She whirled around and grabbed the astonished Lila, holding her
tight. She pressed her lips against Lila's, and felt something deep within
her stirring as Lila's tongue gently parted her lips. Mandy's first-ever
French kiss was with a woman.

        Mandy, lost in these new sensations, didn't stop Lila as she felt
her jeans unzip and fall to the floor. She didn't stop Lila as she felt soft
warm hands slide into her panties. She couldn't stop Lila as she felt a long
finger slide quickly into her somehow-soaked pussy.

        Mandy just held on to Lila as her body rocked time and time again.
Helpless, nervous, she found herself crying as Lila brought her to yet
another shuddering orgasm. Nothing I've ever done to myself even comes close
to this, Mandy thought. She gasped as Lila's tongue again probed deep into
her mouth, and realized she was massaging her own breasts as Lila fingered
her. The tears increased as Lila gently bit the base of Mandy's throat.

        Somehow, somewhere, Lila had dropped her own jeans. Mandy felt Lila
take her hand and guide it down, down. Her breath quickened when she realized
what Lila wanted. Opening her tear-filled eyes, she saw Lila gazing at her,
her face glowing. Seeing the girl looking at her, knowing her hand was almost
in the right place, Lila nodded.

        Mandy touched something warm and wet. She gasped. Her finger slid
down just a bit more, and Lila's eyes closed. Mandy couldn't believe what
she was doing. Recognizing that her finger was at that place, that place she
loved to fondle when she was all by herself, Mandy began rubbing Lila's clit. 

        Lila's reaction almost made Mandy faint. She threw her head back, 
her mouth formed an 'o', and she moaned, long and low. Mandy's motions became
almost frantic, trying to get Lila to make that sound again, wanting for some
reason to make this woman feel so good. So good.

        Lila did indeed feel good. The young girl learned quickly, and Lila's
body soon shook with a tremendous orgasm. Panting, staring seductively into
Mandy's wide eyes, Lila gently removed the girl's hand and motioned to the
bed. Mandy turned slowly, as if dazed.

        Jesse and Sasha lay entwined on the bed, Jesse now totally nude.
Mandy felt Lila pulling her own panties down, and she stepped out of them
automatically. Lila took her hand and led her to the bed.

        She sat Mandy down and knelt before her. Her hands went to Mandy's 
thighs, gently spreading the girl's legs. Mandy watched without comprehension
as Lila's face disappeared between her legs.

        At the first touch of Lila's tongue, Mandy started crying again. What
is HAPPENING, she wondered. That question was answered by a tremor which
began in her pussy and rapidly spread throughout her body, a rush of pleasure
she never would have thought possible. As Lila expertly licked her clit, 
Mandy cried in a mixture of shame and ecstacy.

        Jesse didn't seem to be feeling any of the uncertainty that still
flashed intermittently through Mandy's overwhelmed mind. She and Sasha were
totally intent on each other, their bodies wrapped in a 69 position. As
Mandy's body quivered, she lay back, coming to rest on Jesse's body. The
feeling of her roommate's nude body against her, with an older woman's face
between her legs, was too much.

        Mandy cried out as another orgasm washed over her. Lila quickly
stood and climbed onto the bed on top of the almost-hysterical girl. She 
kissed Mandy long and deep, silencing her cries, feeling the girl calming at
her touch. She reached down and grasped Mandy's hand, guiding it again into
her pussy. As Mandy slowly resumed fingering Lila's clit, Lila took Mandy's
left nipple in her mouth. 

        Mandy gasped as a hand appeared from nowhere and grabbed her other
breast as well. Her head spinning, she finally realized it was Jesse's hand,
having found more soft flesh to caress, not realizing it was Mandy's.

        The thought of her roommate fondling her did something to Mandy. 
Through half-closed eyes, Lila saw a fire light deep inside Mandy eyes. She
gazed up at Lila with eyes blazing, and reaching her free hand behind Lila, 
pulled her face close, kissing Lila madly. Her fingers increased their tempo,
and Lila came again and again as the young woman beneath her came of age.

        Mandy had wound up laying beside Sasha and Jesse as they continued
their 69. Mandy looked to her side and saw Jesse's ass bobbing up and down
in time with Sasha's movements. Without even thinking about it, Mandy reached
up and smacked her roommate on the ass. Jesse shrieked as she came at the
same time.

        "The movie was a good idea, Jess...", she panted. Looking up, she 
saw Lila holding something, leaning over her. Small balls held together by
a string. Her eyes widened...

                              *** THE END ***
