Copyright © 1997,  Big Daddy.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.



 Porno Mom (a teen boy thinks nothing of watching porno's with
his mother until one day she surprises him by asking to watch
him jerk off.)

	My mother and I had been watching porno's together all day
long.  I knew my mother was a pervert so I never bothered to
hide the fact that I watched porn.  I was a little intimidated
at first watching movies with my mother but I got used to it
quickly.

After the third movie was over I turned off the TV.  

"That's enough for one day," I said roughly.

"You poor thing," mother said. "You must have a tremendous
pressure built up after all that."

"What do you mean?" I said uncomfortably.  I couldn't believe my
mother had said that.

"I bet you have to go release some of that tension," she said.

"Uh," I blushed.  I was going to do just that but I decided I
had to pretend otherwise for fear of embarrassment.  "Not
really."

"Oh come on," mother said.  "A young teenage boy like you? 
Certainly you have to release somehow."

"I uh..." I continued to stammer.

"I bet you could shoot a load right now that could hit the wall
from where you're at," she said.

"Mother!" I blushed.  "I can't believe you said that."

"Admit it," mother said.  "You have to release yourself soon."

"Mom, I..." I said embarrassed.

"I could help you," she said.

"With what?"

"I could help you release that tension," she said.

"Oh my god," I laughed.  "How?"

"I'm a woman," mother smiled.  "We know how to make men release."

"But your my mother!" I argued.

"That means I know even better what you need," she said.

"What do I need?" I asked.

"A place to squirt all that lovely cum you have in your young
balls," mother said.

"JESUS CHRIST!" I shouted. "I can't believe you said that!"

"What would you rather do?" Mother said as she started to pull
open her bathrobe she had been siting in all day.  "Cum all over
the floor..." the robe fell open to reveal my mother's naked
body, "or cum all over your mother?"

I stared wide eyed at my mother's huge tits for the first time. 
God they looked incredible.  Quickly my eyes darted to her
blonde pussy and she smiled,  "you could have your cock inside
me."

"Mother, I..." I managed to say as I continued staring in awe at
her beautiful body.

Mother pulled her legs up so that I could see her hot little
pussy better.

"You're father will be home in an hour," she said.  "If you want
to cum on your mother you better get started."

I stood there thinking about a million things at once.  Would my
father find out?  Was mother just kidding?  Would my cock be
smaller than she imagined?

"Just take it out baby," mother said parting her knees.  "Just
take it out and jerk off on me if you want."

I looked down at my bulging pants and back at her.

"That's it baby," mother said as she started rubbing her pussy
with her hand.  "Shoot your cum all over mommy's pussy."

I couldn't take it any longer.  I quickly reached down and
unzipped my pants.

"Yes!" Mother panted.  "Hurry baby!"

Within moments I pulled out my hard cock and watched my mother's
eyes bulge out.

"HOLY SHIT!" Mother said loudly.  "That's huge!"

I was jerking off already as I grunted and groaned with a
quickly building orgasm.

"OH GOD!" I shouted as I came right away.  My cum shot out and
hit my mother in the face.  The next load hit her square in the
tits and the next her stomach.

"Cum all over me baby!" mother screamed as she smeared my cum
into her tits.  "GOD YES!"

As I jerked off mother crawled up the chair so that my cum
dripped down on her pussy.  

"God I love to see your cum on mommy's pussy!" she said.

I looked down to see what she was looking at and I noticed how
my cum globbed in spots on her curly blonde pubic hair.

"Look at that," mother panted as I finished jerking the last of
my load onto her.  "God I never knew it could look so beautiful."

I looked down at mother and at all the cum I had shot all over
her.  Some of my load slid down between her tits and down her
neck but it was the cum between her legs that fascinated her the
most.

Mother rubbed the insides of her legs as she stared at the cum
on her blonde bush.

"Thank you baby," she said softly.

"Mother," I said.  "You said I could put it inside you."

"You want to fuck me?" she said with wild excitement in her
voice.

"Yes," I said.  "I want to badly."

"Let's go," she said as she got up from the chair and took my
hand.

"Where?" I asked.

"Somewhere where we can be alone and not have to stop when your
father gets home," she said as she led me to the bedroom.  "I'll
hurry and get dressed.  Go get the car ready."

It was a full 20 minutes of sure torture before mom came out. 
She had a suitcase in one hand and a video camera bag in the
other.

"How long are we going to be gone?" I asked when she got in.

"Just a day," she said.  "But I brought some fun stuff for us."

"Like what?" I said.

"You'll see," was all she said about it until we got to the
hotel she wanted to rent.

"I have to tell you something," mother said on the way there.

"You can tell me anything," I laughed.

"I've fantasized about you fucking me for over a year now,"
mother said.

"No shit?" I said.

"But when I saw you standing there," she said.  "When you shot
your cum all over me...."

I noticed a long pause.

"Ya?" I prodded.

"Well I realized then that I'd fallen in love with you," she
said softly.

"What are you saying?" I asked.

"I'm saying I love you," she said.  "I love you more than your
father.  I want to be everything to you.  I want to be your
wife."

"I have a confession to make too," I said.

"Tell me," mother said expectantly.

"When I saw my cum between your legs like that..." I paused.

"Yes honey," mother said.

"All I could think about was how much I wanted to give you a
baby," I said.

"OH GOD!" Mother moaned as she thought about that for a second. 
"All my prayers have been answered. I'd love to have your baby
son."

"Are you serious??" I asked.  I couldn't believe how incredible
it was to think about my mother having MY baby inside her."

"I want to have all your children," mother said.  "I want it so
bad!"

"I can't believe you'd do that for me," I said.  "God I love
you!"

The second we stopped the car at the hotel mother kissed me on
the lips.  In seconds I opened my mouth and took her hot tongue
into mine.

"Our children will be so beautiful," mother panted. 

"Come on," I said breathlessly.  "Let's go start our family."

We hardly made it through check in without pawing each other.  I
held mother's hand as we signed in which drew some stares from
the desk workers but we retired otherwise unnoticed.

We quickly dropped the bags inside the door and fell into each
other's arms. It felt only natural to hold my mother like this
as we kissed deeply with tongues.

My hands worked vigorously to unzip my mother's tight jeans and
pull them down.

As her pants came down I dropped to my knees in front of her and
began kissing her pussy through her panties.

"Oh baby!" Mother moaned as I licked her panties in front
teasing her.

I pulled down her panties next and kissed her blonde patch of
hair that still smelled of my cum.

Mother took a few steps back and sat on the bed as she kicked
off her jeans and panties and spread her knees.

I delicately touched my mother's pink clit and she cried out
faintly.

"I'm gonna eat your pussy mother," I said.  "I'm gonna lick the
pussy that is going to bare my children until you cum."

"OH GOD!" Mother panted.  "Eat me!"

Mother was cumming the second my tongue hit her juicy clit and I
eagerly lapped up every drop of my mother's beautiful cum as she
bucked and kicked beneath me.

"I can't believe it!" Mother shouted.  "My beautiful son eating
my pussy, licking up my cum!  It's heaven!"

"You taste so fucking good," I told her.  "I could eat this all
day!"

"Yes baby!" mother spat.  "Eat mommy's pussy!  Just keep eating
it - oh God!"

I pushed mother's knees up so that her ass raised up off the bed
a little and I quickly stuck my tongue in her ass.

"OH FUCKING GOD!" she screamed loudly.  "Eat mommy's asshole! 
YES!!"

Working my tongue back and forth between her cunt and ass my I
brought mother to another massive orgasm.

"Oh God thank you!" she moaned.  "Look at my beautiful son! 
Look at him eating his mother's pussy."

I could see my mother's thick cum pouring out her cunt and down
her ass and I lapped it all up as she moaned and rolled around
blissfully.

"I've never had my pussy eaten like that before," mother moaned
as I finished and stood up at last.

"You better get used to it from now on," I said.  "I'm not even
done with you yet."

Slowly I started to unzip my pants and my mother quickly pulled
off her top and bra to get completely naked.

As I pulled my pants off and stripped down my mother rubbed her
pussy as if it were sore from a long day of sex.

I walked up to the head of the bed where my mother scooted over
and got on her side.  Eagerly she reached up and grabbed hold of
my cock for the first time.

"God I love the feel of your hand on my cock," I said as she
slowly stroked my hard shaft.

"I don't deserve something so big and beautiful as this," mother
said quietly as if about to cry.

"You deserve it all," I said.  "Every inch of it."

Looking up into my eyes my mother leaned forward and kissed the
tip of my cock softly.

"You're father has only 6 inches," she said softly as she kissed
my shaft just below the head.  "This is at least 10 or 11 inches
long."

Mother kissed my cock again down a few inches as she worked her
way to my balls which were aching once again.

"Are you serious?" I asked as she kissed my balls now gently.

"I swear to god," she said as she looked up at me again.  "I've
never had anything this big inside me."

I grabbed my cock and pushed the head of it into her face.

"I want to put every inch of this in your pussy," I said.

"You will baby," she said as she opened her mouth and slid it
over my fat head.

"Oh God mom!" I groaned as she started to suck my cock for the
first time.

"I love your beautiful cock in my mouth," mother said as she
slid off of me and back down again going further this time.

"You're so beautiful I said as I watched her work my hard cock
in and out of her mouth.

"I've dreamed about giving you head like this," mother said. 
"I've prayed for this for over a year."

"Both our prayers are answered today," I said as I carefully got
on the bed and lay on my back.

"I can't believe I'm giving my son head," she said as she
scooted down and started to suck my cock again.  "I wish your
father could see us now."

"That feels so fucking good mother," I groaned as I ran my hands
through her long blonde hair.

"I can't wait to taste your cum," mother said.

"mother," I said as I lifted her chin off my cock.

"Yes?"

"I don't want to cum again until I can put it where it belongs,"
I said.

Mother looked down between her legs as if to ask.

"Yes," I said.

"Baby I'm scared," she said softly.

"Of what?"

"I'm afraid that this will all just end after tonight."

I pulled mother up to me and kissed her on the lips softly.

"I promise," I said.  "I'll never leave you."

I started kissing her neck and shoulders as she lay on her back
now.

As I worked my way to her tits my mother moaned and cried as I
nibbled on her nipples and sucked them hungrily.

I slowly climbed up on top of my mother and put my knees between
her legs as I continued sucking her breasts.

"I love you so much," she panted as my cock started to press
against her stomach now.

"I love you too mother," I whispered in her ear.

I got up on my knees now and grabbed my cock. 	Mother stared at
me frightened as I leaned over and rubbed the head of my cock
against her pussy.

"Do you want my baby?" I asked as I continued rubbing the head
of my prick around her slippery slit.

"More than anything in the whole world," mother sobbed.

I wiggled my cock back and forth a bit to open my mother's tight
cunt and I pushed my cock inside her just a couple inches.

"Oh GOD!" she moaned.  "I can feel your cock sliding inside me."

Steadily I pushed up inside my mother as her cunt stretched
around me each inch of the way.

"God I want my son's cock inside me," mother panted.  "I want
his gigantic cock up inside me!"

"You're so tight mother!" I groaned as I pushed my cock harder
to get more inside her.

"UUUHHH!" Mother cried out as I buried my cock all the way up
inside her.

"It's so much bigger than your father's," mother panted hard. 
"It's so much bigger than your father's.  Oh GOD, it's so much
bigger!"

"Do you like it mommy?" I asked.

"Oh God baby!" Mother grabbed on to me hard and wrapped her legs
around my back.  "I'M CUMMING!!!!"

"I love you mommy," I whispered as she bucked hard on my cock
over and over as if in convulsions.

"I....GOD....LOVE....OH....YOU TOO..." she gasped.

"God damn I want to fuck you," I said as I started to pull my
cock out and slam it back into her.  "I want to fuck you mommy!"
"Do it baby!" she screamed.  "FUCK MOMMY!!! FUCK HER HARD!!!"
The bed creaked loudly as I started pounding my cock in and out
of my mother's cunt forcefully. "I want your baby!" mother
panted.  "I want your baby so bad!" I pulled my mother's leg up
to drive into her better. "Does that feel good?" I asked as my
cock drilled her over and over. "God it feels so good!" mother
screamed. "Do you like my big cock mother?" I grunted as I
fucked her. "I love your enormous cock!" she shouted.  "Mommy
loves her son's huge cock!" Quickly I pulled my shaft clean out
of her and sat up. "Get up," I panted.  "on your hands and
knees." "Yes baby!" mother said as she quickly assumed the
doggie position in front of me.  "Ram that gigantic cock up my
pussy baby!"

I wasted no time in getting back inside my mother's hot cunt.

"Fuck me!" she demanded.  "fuck mommy!"

I watched my big cock sliding in and out of mother's cunt as I
drilled her from behind on the noisy bed.

As I quickened my pace mother started squeezing her tits more
and more as she became accustomed to my size inside her.

"I'm gonna cum again!" Mother shouted.  "I'm gonna cum you big
cocked stud!"

I slammed my cock hard up her pussy watching her tits bounce all
over the place as she came.

"I'm cumming all over my son's huge cock!" she panted.  "All
over that glorious cock."

"OH GOD MOM!" I shouted.  "Here I come!"

"Pump it up mommy's pussy!" she screamed.  "Fill mommy with your
hot cum!"

I shot like a cannon again and mother screamed out.

"I can feel you cumming in me baby!" she cried out.  "I feel
your cum shooting up mommy's pussy!"

I pumped a few more times until I finished my orgasm and slowly
slid out of her.

Mother fell down on the bed exhausted with me and I held her in
my arms as I drifted off to sleep.

I awoke to the lovely sensation of having my cock sucked back to
hardness by my mother.

"That's so nice," I said sleepily as I looked down and watched
mother softly licking my cockhead with her tongue.

"You really fucked the shit out of me," mother smiled as she
took my hardening cock in her hand and slowly stroked it.

"Did you like it?" I asked as I played with her long blonde hair.

"It was the best fuck I've ever had," she said.

We sat there staring at each other for a few moments until
mother spoke.

"I brought a video tape of your father and I on our honeymoon,"
mother said.   "Would you like to watch it with me?"

"What for?" I asked naively.

"It would really turn me on," mother said.

"Sure," I said.  "I'd love to do anything that turns you on."

Mother kissed me on the lips quickly and jumped up to put the
tape in the VCR and turn on the TV.

When mother jumped back in bed with me she nestled up in my arms
and grabbed my still hard cock in her fist.

The tape started with mother in her wedding dress and my father
quickly coming into the picture after having set up the camera.

Mother slowly stroked my cock as she watched the video of her
getting on her knees in front of my father and unzipping his
pants slowly.

"I just want you to see how much bigger your cock is than his,"
she smiled as she worked my hard cock up and down.

When mother pulled my father's cock out on the video I was
surprised to see how small it really looked.

Mother quickly put the whole thing in her mouth on the video and
she laughed next to me.

"I'd like to see me try that with his monster," she said.

"You could do it," I said.

"BULL SHIT!" she scoffed.

In the video my father was laying her down on the bed and
pulling up her dress.

"This is where your father eats my pussy," she said.

"not a bad idea," I smiled as I sat up.  "I want to eat you
right now."

"Oh God son," she said.  "Do you want to lick your mother's
pussy again?"

I grabbed my mother's knee and pulled it up to her chest as I
leaned over and put my head between her legs.

When I licked mother's pussy again she quivered and moaned.

I put my hand between her legs and spread her pussy with my
fingers so I could flick my tongue deeper inside her.

"Oh baby," she moaned. "I love it when you lick mommy's pussy
like that."

I pulled both of mother's knees up now and drove my face into
her cunt.

"God, you love to make me cum don't you?" she panted with heavy
breathing.

"It's not often a boy gets to make his mother cum," I growled as
I licked her hard and fast.

"You seem to do it just fine," she said.  "You're making me cum
again!"

"I get goosebumps every time you say that," I said as I lapped
at her juicy cunt.

"OH BABY MOMMY'S CUMMING!" She gasped.

"Ya," I growled.  "I wanna eat it."

"Eat my cum baby," she cried.  "Eat my fucking cum all up!"

Wiggling and squirming all over the bed mother finished her
orgasm and I finished cleaning it up with my tongue.

"Lay down baby," mother said.  "Mommy wants to ride her son's
big cock."

"I love to hear you talk like that," I said as I got on my back.	

"Get used to it," she said as she swung her leg over my body and
climbed on top of me.  "I feel like such a whore with you."

Mother grabbed my cock and pulled it up against her stomach as
she played with her tits and stared at me.

"All I can think about is your huge cock buried deep inside me,"
she said.  "I just love every inch of my son's beautiful cock."

"I love your big tits," I said as I reached up and touched them
on her nipples.  "I used to sneak into your bedroom and watch
you take showers."

"Oh baby," mother said excited.  "Tell me it's true."

"I did," I admitted.  "I used to peek around the curtain and
stare at your big soapy tits and I'd jerk off while I watched
you."

"Oh God that's so beautiful," mother said as she jerked my cock
in her hand up and down.

"I used to dream that someday I would get to touch them," I
said.  "I never dreamed I would be doing this right now."

"I used to watch you shower too," mother said.  "Of course you
were never hard, but I got to see your wonderful cock a couple
of times and I used to fantasize about making you hard."

"Well you certainly made me hard now," I laughed.

"Then I'm being a good mother?" she smiled.

"The best," I said.  "Now show me what you wanted to do once you
got me hard."

"I'd take your big hard cock," mother said as she lifted her
pussy up over my rod.   "And I'd rub it all around mommy's pussy
like this."

"OH that feels good mommy!" I said.

"Ya baby?" mother asked.  "You want mommy to put your cock
inside her a little bit?"

"Please mommy, please," I played with her.

"Ok," she said.  "But just a little bit.  After all, I am your
mother remember?"

Mother pushed down a few inches so that I just entered her tight
hole.

"Ooo, ya," mother cooed.  "Mommy likes that."

"I like it too!" I growled.

"You want mommy to put a little more in?" she asked.

"Yes."

"Ok," she said.  "But you can't tell daddy."

"I won't," I said.  "I promise."

Mother pushed down again and slid down my cock a few inches
before stopping to hold it there.

"Ya that feels so good!" she said.

"Oh mother," I said.  "It's so hot and wet!  Please put more in!"

"I don't know baby," she said teasing me.  "If I put any more in
you'd be fucking me.  You don't want to fuck me do you?"

"Yes!" I said.

"You want to fuck your mother?" she asked.  "You know it's wrong
to fuck your mother."

"I don't care," I said.  "I want to fuck you mommy."

"Ok baby," mother said as she pushed my cock all the way up
inside her.

"OH GOD BABY!" she screamed.

"It feels so good!"

"Hang on baby," she said as she started to slide up and down my
cock.  "Mommy's gonna fuck you real good."

"OH MOMMY!" I said as I looked at my cock pushing in and out of
my mother's beautiful snatch.

"Shhh," mother said.  "mommy has to concentrate."

"But mother it feels so good," I said.

"Mommy has to concentrate so she can cum," she said.  "You do
want to make mommy cum don't you?"

"yes mommy."

"Mommy loves her son's big cock inside her," she said.  "Look at
mommy's pussy.  See how your fat cock slides in and out of me?"

Mother started bouncing up and down harder making her ass slap
against my bare legs.

"You're father never made me cum like you do," she panted as she
rubbed her clit with each motion.



Video recorder



Mother was quite drunk by about 11pm and was horny as hell for
me.  By the time we got back to the hotel she had only one thing
on her mind.

"Come here goddamnit," she said as she started setting up the
video camera in the livingroom.  "Help me turn this thing on."

I willingly helped her set the camera up which she wanted
pointed at the little table in our room.

"Is it recording?" she asked. 

"Yes," I said.

"Is it focused?"

"Yes."

"Then come over here," she pulled me toward the table so that we
were being filmed.

"I want you to fuck me up the goddamn ass with that gigantic
cock of yours!" she shouted.

"Ya?" I asked.  "You sure you want that?"

Mother frantically unzipped her jeans and tugged them down to
her knees along with her panties.

"Does it look like I'm kidding?" she asked as she turned around
and bent over the table sticking her ass in the air.

I quickly unzipped my own pants and could hardly keep back my
raging cock from springing out and ripping my underwear.

"Cram that fucker up your mother's butt!" she barked at me.

"Yes mom!" I said obediently.

"And make sure that camera can see it," she said as she started
to open her blouse while laying flat on the table

I grabbed mother's hips and pulled her sideways a touch so that
the camera would have a side angle.

"I love making you cum baby," mother said.  "Fuck my tight ass
so mommy can make you cum again!"

Wasting no time I placed my cockhead against my mother's tight
bunghole and started to push into her.

"OH YA!" Mother moaned.  "Make me take all 10 big inches of my
son's cock up my ass!"

"I love your fucking tight ass mother!" I said.

"PROVE IT!" mother groaned as she grabbed her ass and spread her
cheeks wider.

"Oh I will," I said as I rammed my cock up her butt almost half
way in one push.

"OH FUCKING CHRIST!" Mother screamed out.

"Take my cock mom!" I grunted.  "Take it all the way."

"I want to be such a good mother to you baby," she panted.

"You're the best mom in the whole wide world," I groaned as I
pushed the last of my cock up her ass with a hard push.

"FUCK YES!" Mother screamed.  "You don't wish any other woman
was your mother?"

I slowly pulled my cock back from my mother's asshole and slid
it back in much easier this time.

"I wouldn't trade you for anything," I moaned.  "It feels so
good having my cock up your ass mother."

"OH GOD yes it does!" she agreed.

"You like that?" I asked as I started fuck my big cock in and
out of mother's hot asshole slowly.

"Yes baby, yes," she panted.  "I love you baby."

"I love you too mother," I said as I started pumping my cock up
her butt faster now.

"You don't know how good it feels for a mother to have her son's
cock up her asshole," she squealed.

"Fucking you up the ass makes me want to cum so bad mother," I
grunted.

"Do it baby," mother moaned.  "Squirt your cum all over mommy's
ass."

"Here it comes mom!" I shouted as I pulled my cock out and
squirted a thick wad right between the crack of her ass.

"You're cum is so hot baby!" mother panted.  "Jerk it into my
hole.  Jerk your cum into mommy's asshole!"

I squeezed my cock and pulled it until a long stream of cum fell
right into her butthole and ran down inside.

"Get the camera sweety," mother cooed contentedly.  "Get a close
up of my ass."

I quickly got the camera from across the room and zoomed in on
my mother's asshole as she held her cheeks open with her hands.

My cum was running down her tight crack and smeared all over
both cheeks.

"Look at my son's cum," mother said.  "Watch it run down my butt
and into my asshole. Isn't it beautiful?"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

