                      A TALE OF POSSESSION

The room is so beautiful!  I was thinking to myself, looking around
and noticing how expensive and lavish everything was.  This was to
be my new home.  I loved the palace already, and my husband was
just as wonderful.  I loved him very much.  I knew I would be one
of several, but I vowed to try my best to make him love me more
than any other.

Dressed in flowing silks of brilliant colors, I walked around the
room several times, turning and dancing with joy.   I finally sunk
down onto one of the huge pillows on the floor and closed my eyes.
I wondered when he would come for me, I hadn't seen him in several
days and I longed to be with him.  He had made me feel so special,
so safe, so loved, whenever we had been together, I could hardly
wait to be able to have access to him all the time.  I was unaware
of the customs of my new husband's lifestyle and thought I would
simply be able to touch him, kiss him, fuck him, whenever I wished.
I was to find out it would not be that simple.

As I waited, I was dreaming about what our nights together would be
like.  He was so smooth and sensual, an excellent lover.  I longed
for the moment when he would be inside me again.  My thoughts were
interrupted by three other women entering the room.  They wore thin
veils over their faces, yet one could tell that they were all very
beautiful.  They nodded at me and I could see them smile through
the thin fabric.  I smiled back and rose to greet them.  I said
Hello and told them my name.  They looked at each other and said
nothing.  I was confused.  Did they not speak English?  Maybe not,
they looked exotic, but I just assumed....   They each chose a
cushion on the floor and sat down.  I sat down, too, but felt very
uncomfortable all of a sudden.  I didn't know what to do now, if I
couldn't talk to them.  One of them picked up a bunch of grapes
that lay in a nearby bowl and began eating them.  She looked at me
as she put one after the other into her mouth.

"You're very beautiful," she finally said.  I was startled.  So,
she could speak English at least, but why hadn't she answered me
when I said Hello earlier?  "Thank you," I said, softly.  "I didn't
think any of you could speak my language."  "We all speak English,
but it's not recommended that we talk very much when we are in the
palace.  For that matter, anywhere.  I can see you are very
unaccustomed to our lifestyle, I suppose we will have to teach you
what to do and what not to do," she said.  I was a little anxious
all of a sudden.  I wasn't sure what she meant by that comment.
Why couldn't we speak?  And what did she mean by what to do and
what not to do?  I looked at her and asked quietly, "What do you
mean?"  "There isn't time now to go into detail, but you will learn
quickly, I assure you."  "Are you one of his wives?" I asked,
certain of her answer.  "Yes, all of us are.  I can see he has made
another wise choice," she said smiling at me.  "He prefers thin,
dark-haired women.  Ones with supple, sensuous bodies.  He enjoys
using them frequently.  You will be surprised at how you will be
used."  Used?  I had never thought of being "used" by my own
husband.  I always thought of sex as being mutual, not that one
person used the other for their pleasure.  But, I suppose you could
think of it that way.

Before we could say anything else to each other, the door opened
quickly and two well-built, handsome men walked in and straight
over to me.  The other girls seemed to know what was happening, I
was completely confused.  They all quickly got up and huddled in
the corner as the men stepped one on each side of me and reached
down to pick me up by my arms.  They pulled me to my feet without
saying a word.  "What's going on?  Where are you taking me?" I
asked as they led me out of the beautiful room and down an equally
beautiful corridor.  Their grip on my arms was very strong, I
couldn't move at all, I was nearly being dragged down the hall.
They said nothing, just stared straight ahead.  "What are you
doing?" I began to get scared.  They continued down the hall until
they reached a set of stairs and we went down them into a darker
part of the palace.  This seem to be a basement of some sort;
actually, more like a dungeon.  I couldn't tell what was going on,
they just led me on to their destination.

We reached a room with a big wooden door and they opened it and
literally threw me inside.  There were the same big pillows on the
floor, but this room was not nearly as beautiful.  It was still
decorated with expensive taste, but very subdued colors and no
other furniture other than the pillows.  I stood up as they shut
the door and locked it behind them.  I was alone in this room, not
knowing why I was here or what was happening to me.  I walked
around and tried to figure out what this was.  I had no idea, and
just when I was about to give up trying to figure it out, I heard
a key in the door.  It had been about half-an-hour since my abrupt
upheaval from the other room.  The door opened and in stepped my
new husband with the two men who had carried me here.  He looked
stern, solemn.  I rushed to him, throwing my arms around his neck
and kissing him.  "I was so scared, why am I here?  Oh, it doesn't
matter, I'm just glad to see you," I gushed.  He removed my arms
from his neck and pushed me gently but firmly away from him.  I was
startled. What was going on?  How in the world could he be mad at
me when I hadn't even seen him for days?

"What's wrong?" I asked him.  He said nothing.  He walked around
me, looking me up and down with his smoldering eyes. Usually, this
made me feel sexy, but now it was making me nervous.  He snapped
his fingers and the two guards came over to me and seized my arms,
holding me firmly in my spot.  I gasped and looked at him for help.
He walked slowly toward me and stood so close to me that I could
feel his sweet breath tickling my lips.  "You must learn the rules
of my palace, my dear," he said softly, his tongue reaching out to
lick my lips.  My tongue responded by reaching for his, but he
pulled away.  "This is what I mean.  You are too brazen, too
forward.  You must learn deference and submission to me.  I will
ask you this question once:  when you came here, did you smile at
anyone on your way to the room you were in previously?"  I looked
at him, puzzled.  "What are you talking about?" I asked, starting
to get irritated.  "DO NOT use that tone with me!" he whirled
around and grabbed my chin in his hand.  I was taken aback.  This
was my husband, the man I loved, what was going on?  "Answer the
question, NOW!"  "Y-yes, I suppose I smiled at many people.  I'm so
happy to be here, to be with you," I answered in a shaky voice.
"My dear, you are not to smile at any man other than myself, and
sometimes not even me, without authorization first.  It is good
that you admitted to this breach of the rules, if I had had to call
in the witness, you would be in far more trouble," he said, sliding
his hand down from my face to my breasts and squeezing each of them
slowly, making my nipples hard.

"I don't understand.  Why can't I smile at anyone?  I'm happy, why
can't I show it?" I said.  "This is another rule.  You may not
speak unless given permission, do you understand?  And when you do
speak, you will not ask so many questions.  You will simply obey.
Now, for the earlier mistake, you will be punished."  Punished?
For something I didn't even know I was not supposed to do?  This
was ridiculous!  "What are you talking about? I didn't even know
about this stupid rule!  How can you punish me?" I screamed.  He
looked at me and any compassion that he had felt before quickly
disappeared.  "For that little outburst, you will be punished even
more severely.  Do not EVER question me or my rules.  You simply
obey.  Or suffer the consequences..."  "You may take her to the
room, now," he ordered the guards.  "Prepare her well, I will enjoy
this."

My mind was reeling.  I couldn't understand what was going on.  I
knew he was serious about the punishment, but what could it be?  I
was trying to sort all of this out as the guards dragged me into
another room adjacent to the room we were in.  They opened the door
and pulled me inside.  They never let go of my arms.  The room was
dimly lit, but light enough to see everything in it.  I think it
was more for mood than anything; it seemed very ominous, which I
soon learned, was exactly correct.

They pulled me over close to a wall.  They lifted my arms and
before I knew what was happening, they had strapped my wrists into
leather wrist cuffs which hung from the ceiling.  "What are you
doing?  What's going to happen to me?" I asked, not really
expecting a response.  And not getting one.  I struggled against my
restraints, but with no success.  I kicked and pulled and cried out
for them to release me, but they stayed silent and motionless
beside me.  One of them walked out of the room and back into the
other room where my husband was. I could hear the faint sound of
voices, and then the guard returned.  He called the other guard
over and talked to him softly, out of my earshot.  I strained to
hear their conversation, but I could not.  They finished talking
and walked back over to me.  My back was toward them and I could
feel their warmth close to me.  I felt a hand reach out and touch
my shoulder.  I wasn't struggling much anymore, my arms had grown
tired.  One guard leaned in close to my ear and whispered, "Your
master wishes us to prepare you for his punishment.  The more you
resist, the more severe the punishment.  We will tell him of
everything, I suggest you cooperate."  I didn't know what to do.
I believed that what they said was true, but how could I just
accept this outrage?

I suddenly felt four hands on my body.  Two of them reached around
me and squeezed my tits roughly.  The other two ran down my back
over my hips and ass, and down my legs; slowly, sensuously.  I
jumped and tried to pull away from them, but they grabbed at me
roughly.  "What are you doing?" I pleaded with them.  "As I said,
we are preparing you.  Your master wishes to find out how
responsive you are."  I couldn't decide how to react.  I knew if I
struggled, the punishment would be more severe, but I couldn't just
let them fondle me freely.  However, being restrained as I was,
there wasn't much else I could do.  My body began to betray me.  As
their hands caressed it through my silks, I began to moan with
pleasure and felt the wetness beginning to form between my legs.

"So, little slut, you enjoy being touched, do you?" one of them
teased.  I didn't say anything.  "Let's see how much you enjoy it."
He reached around me and unbuttoned the tiny buttons on my silk
blouse and removed it.  My breasts were completely exposed to him.
He cupped them and pinched at my nipples.  They grew in spite of my
willing them not to.  I began to struggle again, I wasn't sure what
was coming next.  Was this my punishment?  Or simply a test?

My husband entered the room just then.  He looked at the guards
fondling my restrained body.  I could feel his eyes against my
back.  I wished I could see his expression.  "So, how is the
preparation going?" he asked the guards.  "Sir, she is quite
responsive.  She seems to be enjoying it very much," one of the
guards replied and pinched my nipple hard.  "No, no, I don't!" I
protested.  "I don't want them touching me!"  "Well, my dear, you
don't have much choice in the matter do you.  I have ordered them
to touch you.  And, you have not been instructed to speak.  Another
addition to your punishment," he answered me with his voice velvety
and strong.  I decided not to say anything else.  Surely, he
wouldn't let them do much more than touch me, so I guessed I could
stand that.  His next command startled me completely.

"Strip her!" he commanded the guards.  Strip me?! What on earth was
he talking about?  What was he going to do to me?  Or worse, what
was he going to let THEM do to me?  I gasped and struggled to get
away from their hands, obviously to no avail.  Their strong hands
gripped my body firmly and one of them held me still while the
other literally ripped my clothes from my body.  I was completely
nude, completely vulnerable and exposed.  "What are you doing to
me?" I screamed.  Then I remembered what he had said about speaking
without permission and questioning his orders.  I had broken the
rules again.  He must have been aware of my observation for he
walked over to me and slid his hand between my legs while he spoke
softly into my ear, "Yes, my dear, that WAS a mistake.  Another
addition to your punishment.  I shall enjoy this immensely."  Oh,
God, what was going to happen to me!

His fingers worked their way inside me and I moaned with pleasure,
temporarily forgetting what was happening and grinding my hips back
onto his hand trying to work his fingers deeper.  He fucked my wet
pussy with his fingers quickly and hard and then withdrew them,
wiping the juice on my ass.  "Prepare her," he commanded to the
guards, who had watched the whole scene with interest and arousal.
I could see the bulges beneath their thinly clothed crotches.  They
walked over to a cabinet and opened one of the doors, withdrawing
a bottle of liquid.  I couldn't tell exactly what it was, it looked
a little like oil or water or something.  They walked back over to
me and one of them knelt on the floor and grasped my ankles firmly,
holding my legs open and in place.  The other dripped the liquid
down my back, letting the stream run down the crack of my ass and
between my legs.  The liquid was warm and felt very much like oil,
only thinner.  He began to rub it roughly into my skin, first my
lower back and then my ass, spending quite a bit of time pulling
and rubbing at my cheeks, and finally the backs of my thighs.  As
he was finishing, he drew one finger up between my legs and flicked
at my opening quickly.  I jumped and gasped, and my husband, who
had been watching the whole scene and noticing how I had responded
to the ointment with more pleasure than I wanted to, called the
guard over and told him to show his finger.  "It is wet, sir," the
guard informed my husband.  "I see that.  Thank you," replied my
husband, his voice very stern.  I knew I was once again in trouble.

He walked over to me and firmly, roughly, grabbed my right ass
cheek, squeezing it to the point that it almost hurt.  "Now, you
are ready to begin your punishment. Do you have any idea what I'm
going to do to you?" he asked me.  "No, darling, I don't.  But,
please, please don't be too severe, I am not aware of all of your
rules.  I'm sorry if I have displeased you, I will try to do
better," I pleaded with him, hoping my deference to him would
persuade him to give me another chance.  "You will not TRY, you
WILL do better, I will make certain of that," he replied.  He left
my side and walked to a sort of vanity that hung on the wall above
the cabinet.  He opened the door and I noticed an array of whips,
paddles, and other torturous devices.  My eyes grew wide and I
began to struggle once again.  The other guard was still holding my
ankles and he began to use more strength to secure me.  My husband
chose a long-handled cat-o-nine-tails and a fairly large and heavy
paddle from the cabinet and closed the door.

He walked back over to me and showed the instruments to me.  "I am
going to whip you.  I am going to strike your pretty, little ass
and the backs of your thighs mostly, but I may decide to strike
your back as well.  When you have been sufficiently whipped and
your ass is burning and red, I am going to spank you with this
paddle.  It will hurt terribly and you will beg me to stop, but I
will not.  This is the beginning of your punishment for this
evening.  I am being very lenient with you because you are not
aware of the rules of my palace.  You could be received a much
harsher punishment.  When I am done beating you, the guards will
release you from your bonds and take you to my chambers.  There you
will be restrained on the bed until I come to you.  You will be
lying on your back, so that you can feel the punishment your ass
has received.  When I am ready for you, I will come and take you in
whatever way I wish.  I WILL NOT be gentle.  You will be used and
taken and you will satisfy me, or this will begin again.  Do you
understand?" he asked me.  I only nodded mutely.  "If you resist
and pull away from the guard holding you, I will beat you harder.
If you make me restrain your ankles as your hands have been
restrained, I will use a real whip on you.  You do not want me to
do that, I promise you.  You are my wife.  Now, I will train you to
be my slave, as well."  Then, he kissed me.

He walked away from me and motioned for the other guard to follow.
The one guard held my ankles tighter, anticipating the reaction
from me when the cat fell on my skin.  I tensed every muscle in my
body.  I had no idea what to expect, I had never been hit with
anything before, never even been spanked.  I knew he would not be
gentle, but I prayed he would take some pity on me.  I heard the
loud crack of the cat before I felt it.  When the pain came, it
shot through my ass like fire.  I couldn't even cry out because I
was in shock.  I had never felt pain like that before in my life.
This was going to be a horribly long night.

My legs jerked involuntarily with each strike of the cat.  I could
feel the welts on my ass rising angrily.  The guard had no problem
holding my legs, I was numb with pain.  My back had a sheen of
sweat on it and I was crying uncontrollably, pleading with him to
stop, even though I knew he wouldn't until he was satisfied.  After
about the one-hundredth stroke, he did stop.  My thighs and ass
felt as if they were on fire.  I didn't think I'd ever move again.
He walked to me an pulled my hair back from my tear-soaked face,
kissing my cheek.  "Very good, my dear.  You have behaved well.
Now, it is time for your spanking," he said.  I had hoped, prayed,
that he would forget about that or at least decide not to spank me
tonight.

He reached for the bottle of liquid and poured some into his hand.
He touched his hand to my burning ass and I thought I would die!
He rubbed the liquid into my skin and once again prepared my
tortured body for more punishment.  The liquid seemed to make the
strikes against my skin even more intense and painful.  "Hand me
the paddle," he ordered the guard not holding my ankles.  The guard
picked up the instrument of pain and walked over to him, handing
him the paddle and taking the whip from his hand.  As he started to
walk away, my husband stopped him and beckoned him back to my other
side.  "Touch her ass, caress it, I'm sure she would love it.  I
think she needs to be touched," he commanded him.  The guard
happily obeyed.  His hands were not gentle either, he grabbed and
squeezed and my welted ass cheeks, making them burn with new pain.
I cried out and squirmed against my bonds.  This continued for a
few minutes more and I felt my husband's fingers once again slide
into my cunt.  I was dripping wet; I knew it, but I couldn't even
feel it running down my legs because of the pain in my ass and
legs.  I was suddenly aware of how aroused I was and began to moan
in pain and ecstasy.

"I told you she likes it," he told the guard.  "That is why she
must be punished further, she must learn to control her desires."
With that he raised his hand and brought the paddle down
mercilessly against my ass.  I raised up onto my toes and screamed
with pain.  His fingers pumped into me again, and the paddle struck
the other ass cheek.  I was hysterical!  I didn't know what to
feel.  The pain and the pleasure were equal, I was being pulled in
two different directions.  He slid his fingers out of me and
wrapped his arm around my waist, holding me firmly against his hip
as he began spanking me severely.  The paddle was heavy and cold,
but soon grew warm from the heat of my ass.  Each swat was harder
than the last, and I knew I was going to pass out soon if he didn't
stop.  He gave me two hundred with the paddle and then handed it to
the guard to put away.  He released my waist and I slumped in my
restraints.  All of my weight was on my wrists, my legs were
completely weak.  The guard released my ankles and stood up.  "So,
dear wife, do you understand what it is to be punished for
displeasing me?" he asked me sweetly.  "Yes," was all I could
manage to get out.  "Oh, you do?  No, I don't think so, for your
punishment is not complete.  Have you forgotten?  You have work yet
to do.  You will be taken to my chambers to satisfy me now.  If you
please me, you will stay  with me all night, if not, you will be
taken back to your chambers to sleep.  Take her now," he commanded
the guards.

They unfastened the wrist restraints and lowered my aching arms to
my sides.  I could hardly stand and they virtually carried me out
of the room and down another hallway, up several flights of stairs
and through a huge door into the most lavish, beautiful room I had
ever seen.  I was still dizzy with pain and felt quite faint.  They
laid me down on the huge, soft bed and pulled restraint cuffs from
the sides, fastening my wrists once again and my ankles as well.
I could feel my swollen, sore ass against the fluffy, soft pillows.
They didn't cushion the pain at all.  They began to touch my body,
pinching my nipples and sliding their hands down my stomach and
between my legs, probing me.  I struggled as much as I could, and
they told me, "Do not mention this to your husband.  He would not
like us to touch you without his permission.  If you say anything,
we will tell him you asked us to do it.  He WILL believe us, and
you will be truly punished."  I was scared and simply let them do
what they wanted to me.  After they had brought me close to the
edge of orgasm, they quickly withdrew their hands from my body and
left the room, leaving me alone and wanting and in pain.

I must have dozed off into a light sleep.  When I awakened, my
husband was above me, his huge cock teasing my lips.  I opened my
mouth and sucked him slowly.  He moaned in ecstasy.  I sucked and
licked at his cock for what seemed like forever.  He grew and grew
in my mouth and I wanted desperately for him to put it inside me.
I knew he would, but I also knew he would not be gentle.  He pulled
his cock from my mouth and leaned down to kiss me, his tongue
prying open my mouth and probing it roughly.  I knew this would be
a long night.   He broke the kiss and moved down my body to my
tits.  He bit my nipple, making me cry out in pain.  His hands then
replaced his mouth and squeezed them roughly.  His mouth wandered
down between my spread legs, and he licked and sucked at my cunt
quickly and insistently.  He teased my clit and fucked my hole with
his tongue, never letting me come, but bringing me closer and
closer until I thought I would die.

He stopped eating me and shoved his fingers into me, fucking me
hard with his hand.  I pushed my hips upward, dying to orgasm.  My
body started to quiver and he slid his hand away from me and pushed
his fingers into my mouth, making me suck my own juice off of his
fingers.  "Whore," he said and then moved between my legs and
shoved his thick cock inside me.   He fucked me hard and fast and
without thought to my pleasure.  My arms and legs being bound gave
me limited movement and I strained against the restraints.  I
couldn't help but enjoy the feeling of him inside me, in spite of
the pain in my ass each time he rammed me and the restrictions
placed on my limbs.  Suddenly, he took his hard cock out of me and
reached down unfasten the ankle restraints.  He shoved my legs up
and slammed into me again, deeper and harder this time.  I could
feel my orgasm building inside me and I wasn't sure if I should
contain it; I didn't know if I could.

My ass was sliding back and forth against the soft bed and
beginning to get irritated in spite of the comfortable bedding.  I
started to whimper, partly from pain and partly from pleasure.
"You like this my little slut?" he teased me.  "Yes, I love it!
Release me, please, so that I may give you more pleasure," I begged
him.  He threw his head back and laughed as he pounded my wet cunt.
"I am not that foolish.  This is punishment, not fun.  You are not
supposed to like it.  If I release you, you will be my equal, you
are NOT my equal.  You are my toy, and I am playing," he told me
and fucked me faster.  I started to come at the sound of his words
and the feeling of his cock inside me.  My body shook and convulsed
and in the middle of it, he stopped and withdrew himself from me,
taking my source of pleasure with him.  I looked at him,
devastated.  "No, please!  Let me come, please!!" I begged him.
"You will come when I allow it," he commanded.  He reached above my
head and released my wrists.  "Thank you, thank you!" I gushed.
"This is not for your pleasure, this is for mine," he said, and
turned me over onto my stomach.  He ran his hands over my back and
down my still swollen ass and thighs, spreading them open.  "I like
what I have done to your ass, it is very, very nice to see the mark
of my punishment on you," he said appreciatively.  He spread my
cheeks and tickled my asshole with his finger, slowly, but not
gently, pushing it inside me.

"Oh, God, no!" I said and pulled back from him.  "Be still.  This
is what I wish, and I WILL take it.  You will like it, I'm sure.
But don't make it harder on yourself.  Take what I give you, and do
not resist or it will be three times worse.  However I want it, I
will have it.  Do you understand?" he said.  "Yes," I answered and
stopped squirming.  His probing hurt, but yet, it felt extremely
good as well.  I could feel a different sensation forming in the
pit of my stomach as he probed and prodded my ass with his finger.
He was right.  I DID like it.  I wanted more, and my wish was soon
granted.

He slid his finger out of my ass and shoved his cock into my
dripping pussy once again.  He fucked me slower this time, using my
juice to coat his dick.  Pulling it out, he moved up slowly,
insistently began to insert it into my tiny ass.  "Oh, I don't
think I can take you there!" I said, praying he wasn't going to try
to get his huge cock inside me.  "You can if I wish it. And I DO
wish it," he replied.  "I will not be deterred, but I will say
this, I love you and I will not hurt you beyond what is good for
you.  Now, be quiet and open your ass for me, slut."  I shut up and
held my breath, waiting for him to enter me.  The pain was
terrible, but only as bad as the whipping and spanking I had
received earlier.  My ass had been punished quite completely
tonight.

With one final thrust, he slid into my ass.  I gasped with relief
and pain.  He groaned with ecstasy.  "You are very tight.  I like
that, but I will have to train you to take me here whenever I want
it," he said, matter-of-factly.  Then he began to move in and out
of my ass.  I thought I would die!  He felt wonderful!  There was
still some pain, but it was all part of the pleasure now.  He began
to really take me, thrusting hard and fast and banging my ass with
wild abandon.  He gripped my hips in his hands and fucked me for
all he was worth, my sore ass cheeks bouncing against his hard
body.  I felt him swell inside me as my own orgasm built quickly.
We came together in a flood of passion, both of us screaming and
moaning.  I felt his hot come flow into me and another stream of my
own run down my legs.  He fell against me, still inside me and held
me close to him while he regained his strength.  When he had
recuperated, he pulled his cock out of my ass and lay down on the
bed, pulling me down next to him and cradling me in his arms.  "You
must know how I love you.  That is why I want you to learn.  You
are incredible and I love your passion.  It is mine and only mine.
And I will do with it what I choose.  Do you accept this?" he
whispered to me.  "Yes, darling, I do," I replied, and meant it
with all my heart.

We slept then and he held me in his arms.  I assumed that he had
been satisfied and was not going to send me back to sleep alone.
I snuggled next to him and all the pain in my body melted into
love.  I smiled and kissed his cheek tenderly. It was worth it.


THE END
