Postage Due by Peaches (2/3)

My next misplaced mail incident happened five days later.  I was alone one
evening at the radio station writing advertising copy, when I heard a
knock on the street door.  Thinking it was Jeff, I ran to open the door 
without checking first.  To my surprise there stood Brother Wayne, my 
Southern Baptist preacher.  He was a balding, large man around 58 years of 
age whose voice could truly scare the Devil out of you.  He had never smiled, 
since I had known him.

"Brother Wayne.  What brings you out so late?"   I cheerfully greeted him,
inviting him into the office.

"I have something that belongs to you, Peggy Sue.  It was with the church
mail.  I opened it before looking at the address."  From behind his back
came an opened envelope and out of the envelope were the latest issues of
"Strictly Speaking Spanking" and "No Nonsense Ladies".

In his best fire and brimstone voice, "Peggy Sue Randall, do THESE belong
to you?"

I cringed...wishing to God I could disappear.  "Yes, Brother Wayne. 
They're mine."

His face was furious.  In fact, he was so mad that he couldn't speak.  The
only sound was the station's music tuned to a satellite network.  How
appropriate...the song on the air was Travis Tritt's "Bible Belt".  He
listened as he paced, then turned as an idea came to him.

"Peggy Sue, I believe that song is about a corrupted young woman who leads
her pastor to damnation.  IS THAT YOUR PLAN!!!"  

I quickly moved behind the desk and shook in my pumps.  My voice cracked
with terror, "NO SIR!  I was just ...curious."

"I think subscribing to THIS...." shaking the mail in my face,  "...is
taking curiousity a bit too far.  As a caretaker of our children I'm sure 
your headmaster would like to know what his teachers read."

I gasped in disbelief.  I'm an adult.  This is my mail.  I thought of what
I would like to say...but held my tongue.  This man scared me as badly as my
Dad when I knew I was about to GET IT.

"Peggy Sue, I think your father should see these too.  You may be 36, but
you don't have a husband to answer to.  You know from my sermons that women
cannot make decisions for themselves.  So, that leaves your father to deal
with your conduct."

I panicked,  "No Brother Wayne.  I couldn't bear my father hearing about
this or seeing those issues.  He wouldn't understand.  I'll do anything you
say, if you will let me answer to you,  my spiritual father, instead of my
Dad."  Yes, I spoke again before thinking.

He stood quietly a moment, then could it be...he smiled.  "Peggy Sue,
listening to that song brings to mind the different kinds of Bible Belts. 
Of course, there is the area of the country we live in; and there is the one
I use on errant sheep."  His hands moved to his buckle and slowly he removed
the belt...doubling it...slapping it against his thigh.

I swallowed hard, but my mouth was dry.  It felt like my heart was beating
between my legs.

He grinned mischievously, "Peggy Sue, you agree to having your wicked butt
whipped?"

glump..."Ahhhh...Yes...Sir."

"Then strip yourself naked from the waist down and come over here to be
chastised by your pastor before God's eyes!" He bellowed.

I slowly unzipped my professional skirt and pushed it down to the
floor....followed my my slip, pantie hose, and peach french cut panties. 
He continued to slap the belt against his thigh.  I almost lost my balance as
I came around the desk, clutching the hem of my blouse...trying to hide my
pussy.  Trembles continuously vibrated my body as I stood before my minister.

"Peggy Sue Randall.  An English and Sunday school teacher should not
possess such literature.  You teach children.  You should only read the 
Bible, it has all the answers you need.  You remember your verse....spare the 
rod and spoil the child."

I was staring at the floor during his tirade hoping to find a hole to
crawl into quickly.

He roared, "PEGGY SUE.  LOOK AT ME!"  My head shot up as tears rolled down
my cheeks.  "I want you to bend over and grab your knees.  I want those
heels three feet apart.  If you try to touch your butt or move before I am
done, then we'll start again....next Tuesday night in front of the
Deacons.  UNDERSTOOD."

I swallowed hard.  "Yes Sir."  Slowly I assumed the position, hoping there
were three feet between my heels.  I guess there wasn't, because he
reached down and pulled my right ankle our four more inches.

Brother Wayne did not start immediately.  In fact, he stood against the
wall watching my butt twitch for fifteen minutes....it felt like hours to
me.

Finally, he was ready to start.  Walking up behind me he spoke sternly,
"Before this night is over your backside will be dark red and blistered. 
Peggy Sue, you're receiving this whipping not only because of your mail,
but also because of the lesson you chose for your class last Sunday.  WE
DON'T TEACH EVOLUTION TO MY FLOCK!"  Rubbing his belt across my buttocks
as well as my inner and outer thighs, he continued,  "Your ancestors may
have been apes, but mine were not.  However, young woman, I promise to
soon have you hopping like a baboon grabbing your nasty ass."

Brother Wayne stepped back to take aim.  "Peggy Sue, remember to hold that
position...hands on knees and butt pushed out for discipline.  Failure on
any of those points and it will be Tuesday with the Deacons.  Understood?"

"Yes...Sir."  My voice cracked in dread as I tried to prepare myself.

CRACK!  "OWWWWW!" CRANK! "OHOHOHOH!" CRACK!

Brother Wayne took pride in being filigent, whether if it was his sermon
or chastising an irritating independent woman.  His belt didn't leave an
unmarked inch between my upper hips to just above my knees.  He also
worked his tool of discipline between my legs reddening my inner thighs.

"PLEASSSE BROTHER WAYNE! IT HURTS!" CRACK!

I somehow manage to hold position.  However, my secret need was also being
satisfied, as I felt myself becoming wet and feeling those special strings
pulling.

Brother Wayne must have noticed it too,  because suddenly he stopped. 
"Young woman, are you getting sinfully excited by this?"

I bit my lip...and moaned.

"ANSWER ME THIS MINUTE!" WHACK!

"No Sir!" I cried, but Brother Wayne confirmed his suspicions by reaching
with his hand to cup my womanhood.  I jumped with the shock of his bold
hand investigating my private parts,  then cried out with arousal near the
breaking point.

Still with his hand cupping me, he commanded, "Young woman, you will
control this.  If you don't, I promise to whip you daily till you learn
discipline."  I trembled with sexual excitement.

"ENOUGH!" he yelled as he grabbed a armless chair...sitting down ...and
throwing me across his lap.  He position me so that my fanny was raised
high...grabbing one cheek and separating it from the other...he started
whipping my crease.

 I screamed and kicked....beating the floor with my fists...."NOOOOO
Brother Wayne!"  But he continued to strap me there as well as between my
thighs....as a wild gleam glowed in his eyes and his pants began to fill
with his own arousal.

He pushed me to the floor saying, "Get to a corner."  I grabbed my heated
flesh crying....and as I rose I proved him right by dancing and squeezing
my nasty ass.

"ENOUGH!"  Brother Wayne grabbed my arm and hauled me to a corner.  He
lifted my blouse and tucked the hem under my bra strap, so my red bottom
was on display.  While I stood there, he read verses on woman's submissive
role and discipline of children.

Finally, Brother Wayne told me to face him.  He stared for a while at my
eyes, then said, "I still see the Devil in you."

"NO, Brother Wayne!  I learned my lesson.  I'll be good." I shamelessly 
pleaded.

"You still have much to learn.  I want you in my office Sunday morning at
eight sharp.  Perhaps an hour over my knee will teach your naked bottom
how to behave like a God-fearing woman.  Also your buttocks will be
tender... very tender..while you teach Sunday school.  I might sit in on
your class to watch you wiggle on a hard wooden seat."

All of a sudden Brother Wayne grabbed me by the waist bending me forward,
and raised his hand for ten quick hard hand smacks.  I could barely stand
it, since there was no warning.  I cried out and lifted one leg then the
other during his volley.  He released me, walked to the door, then turned
to review his work.

"Yes, I believe my hand will do nicely."

I was rubbing and crying with renewed energy.

"Peggy Sue, who gave you the nickname 'Peaches'?"

sniff...sniff..."My Daddy."

"I bet it was after he spanked your naughty bottom till you couldn't sit."

I didn't answer, but he was right.  Brother Wayne picked up his
Bible....leaving my mail...and walked out the door.

It was three days before I could sit comfortably; but unfortunately the
forth day was Sunday, and the fire he promised was reawakened in his
office.
