
                                POW2.TXT -- 2/5
      M/F, MILITARY, WAR, CAPTURE, RAPE, NC, BONDAGE, GANG, HUMIL, TORTURE

DISCLAIMER; This story includes descriptions of rape, torture, and bondage. If
descriptions of sexual activity, particularly non-consenual sexual activity,
offend you, DO NOT READ THIS STORY. IF YOU'RE UNDER TWENTY-ONE YEARS OF AGE, DO
NOT READ THIS STORY.

DANGER: THIS STORY IS POLITICALLY INCORRECT. This is a work of fiction; any
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This story may be electronically reproduced and distributed where the laws
allow so long as it is not changed in any way. I've appreciated the comments
and suggestions I've received from readers and welcome further comments. All
flames will be ignored.

INTRODUCTION: Largely because of the scandal caused by the Navy's 1991
"Tailhook" convention, the ban on women flying U.S. combat aircraft was lifted
on 28 April, 1993. This story is a "what-if" look at what might have happened
if "Tailhook" had happened before the 1991 Gulf War and as a result women had
flown combat aircraft during that war.

       ******************************************************************

                            The Mother of All Rapes
                                   by Conwic
                                 conwic@aol.com

                                    Part #2

      Diana hung for over two hours. Her arms burned as they were slowly pulled
out of their sockets by her weight. The pain as the clamps bit into her nipples
grew worse as they cut into the flow of blood to the sensitive nips of her
breasts. But mercifully, the pain peaked and then began to recede into a dull
throb as her nipples grew numb under the assault. Growing ever worse were the
cramps in her intestines from the laxative. She felt as if she were going to
explode. The pressure in her gut was indescribable. But no matter how hard
Diana tried, the tape prevented her from relieving herself. She could only hang
there in agony, covered in a cold sweat, and wait.

      When Yazeed reentered with a crowd of guards, Diana was appalled to see
that there were at least ten men in various stages of undress with him. As they
crowded around her stroking her muscular body, she frantically tried to
communicate to Captain Yazeed that she would tell him anything he wished if
only he would release her. She'd give him the fuck of his slimy life if only
he'd call off his animals. However, all that came out of her gagged mouth was a
series of unintelligible grunts. But the Captain was not really interested in
bargaining for information. He wished to break her. First he ordered one of the
guards to remove the clamps on her long nipples. When he released the clamps,
Diana could feel nothing for a moment. Then the blood and the feeling poured
back into the sensitive nipples, bringing a wave of pain. Diana had never felt
anything remotely like it. As she suffered with the return of sensation to her
breasts, one of the guards held a tin bucket under her ass. A second pulled the
tape off her straining anus and allowed the torrent of shit to shoot out of
her. Diana had never felt such a sense of relief; for a moment she even forgot
the burning sensation in her nipples and her impending rape as the pressure in
her intestines receded. The heavy smell of shit did not seem to bother the men
crowded around her. They used a small hose to clean the splattered feces off
her ass and legs. Then they pushed its nozzle up her stretched spincter to
clean out the fecal matter remaining there. Diana felt a shock as the cold
water filled and then flowed from her bowels and into the drain below her. The
first man followed the hose with his cock so quickly that Diana had no
opportunity to close her spincter. She felt his cock enter her bowels, sending
pain and a kind of cramps through her intestines into her belly. It seemed as
if he were forcing his fist up her rather than his cock. Diana struggle wildly,
grunting and twisting her torso as she tried to escape the penis invading her
asshole. The guard wrapped his strong arms around her and held her still. His
cock, already half way in, disappeared entirely inside her when he made another
powerful thrust into the captive pilot, actually lifting her a few inches by
the force of his thrust. The guard remained motionless for a moment as he
savored the warm tightness of her virgin ass. Then he began to fuck her. While
he plowed her ass, he held her in a bearhug, the sweat streaming off both their
bodies. Diana fought him, her muscles straining in a futile effort to escape
the burning pain from her raped asshole. The pain increased with each stroke
until Diana knew that she must die, that he had torn her insides to shreds.

      But she did not die. The first man lasted only few minutes in her ass
before he came. Now her asschute was slick with his cum and wide open. The next
man replace him as soon as he pulled his still dripping cock clear. The second
man sank into the depths of her ass with his first stroke. Brutally he rode the
suspended female pilot, not giving her a chance to adjust to the new cock.
Diana was wailing into her gag with each jack hammer thrust. Her face was
streaked with her tears and snot as well as her sweat. She twisted and turned
her body, trying to escape the grip of her rapist; but her struggles only
goaded on the man raping her to more brutal thrusts. A third man replaced the
second without a moment's respite. The pain in her ass was diminishing slightly
as it was forced open by the invading cocks; a kind of numbness began. Diana
still fought each thrust by her rapists, her muscular arms and torso flexing
futility. But with each new attacker, her struggles weakened. By the seventh
man, Diana was simply hanging limply in the ropes as the guards plowed her
asshole. Her body was shinny with sweat. Her thighs were covered with a sheet
of cum which had run down her legs to dry in a white scum on her tanned skin.
Diana's head rested on her chest as her body was jerked up and down like that
of a puppet by the guard's thrusts. At Yazeed's order, the guard raping her ass
began to twist and pull on her sore nipples to get her to struggle again. The
new pain coming from her abused nipples did made Diana fight feebly,
involuntarily milking his cock as her body struggled feebly to escape.

      As the guards sodomized the Western female, Captain Yazeed sat in a chair
a few feet in front of her where he had an unobstructed view. She was really
magnificent looking as they raped her, he thought, admiring her muscular body.
He had found her struggles incredibly arousing. The sight of the muscular woman
being sodomized into submission had left him with a painfully hard cock
straining against his fly. He would have liked to have joined his men in gang
raping Diana. But it would have been below his dignity as an officer to share
her with enlisted men. He would have to wait. For now, he savored the look of
agony in her eyes. The eyes were always so expressive with women, he thought.
He noted the clenched hands, a trickle of blood showing where her fingernails
had torn the skin of her palms. Her nipples had been abused until they were a
deep, dark red and very swollen. Judging by her weak cries, their continued
abuse was evidently extremely painful to Diana. But mainly, he savored the look
of defeat evident in her face. She had learned a great deal in the last two
hours. He had plans to teach her much more.

      Diana was barely conscious now. She felt only a sensation of burning
fullness in her ass which combined with the pain from her arm muscles and
tortured nipples to drive conscious thoughts out of her brain. She couldn't
think; she could only feel the pain and humiliation consuming her. When the
first few men had sodomized her, her mind could not accept what they were doing
to her. She had fought them like an animal would fight a trap, struggling
wildly even though she knew that she had no hope of escape. Now she had no
strength left to fight. She could only hang there helplessly as they abused and
humiliated her.

      By now all ten of the guards had left their cum in her asshole. Yazeed
toyed with the idea of allowing them a second chance at her. He wanted to see
this arrogant woman abused further until she was only a shell of her former
self. Fom his past experience, he was sure that the gang rape had shattered her
physiological armor and left her vulnerable. Continuing, he reasoned, would
make her even more compliant to his demands. He ordered the guards to stand
away from her. Yazeed walked behind Diana and stared at the results of the
guards' rape. Her spincter was still open, its edges protruding outward. A
stream of whitish cum literally poured out of her ass and on to her thighs. The
cum was drying in a sticky sheet which stained her thighs halfway to her knees.
Diana was moaning softly into her gag, her head resting on her chest. Her
breasts were heaving as if she had run a long distance; her muscular body was
soaked in her own sweat and that of the guards. Yazeed knelt in front of her as
he absentmindedly stroked himself. He stared at the exposed cunt of the captive
female pilot. He ran one hand up her leg and then to her cunt lips. The bare
skin around her cunt allowed him a clear view of the delicate inner lips,
protruding slightly. He ran his fingers over them and into the cunt itself.
Good, he thought, she is dry. He had been afraid that she might actually be
aroused by her anal rape. This was much more satisfactory.

      He ordered the guards to untie her feet and retie them in front of her in
preparation for raping Diana's untouched cunt. They tied her legs to the room's
pillars, spreading them obscenely and leaving her literally sitting in the air.
Since she was only half conscious, he had another man break two capsules of
ammonia under her nose. He wanted her awake. When Diana began to stir, the
first guard positioned himself between her legs and forced his shit covered
cock into the unlubricated channel of her cunt. The dry walls of her vagina's
channel pulled at his cock, providing a stimulating discomfort for him and a
sharp pain for the woman. The man forced himself into her until his cock was
buried to his pubic hairs. Then he held it there, savoring the warmth of the
once arrogant female officer's tight cunt. Yazeed wanted the American woman to
see the face of her rapist. He held his cigarette to her left nipple until the
glowing tip almost touched the swollen nub. When her eyes popped open and she
looked him directly in the eye, Yazeed signaled the guard to begin fucking her.
He fucked brutally, shredding her unlubricated cunt walls as he put all his
strength behind each thrust. He would pull out until only his cockhead was
still inside her then thrust into her again with the force of a piledriver. It
seemed to her that he was hitting her cervix with every thrust. She knew that
she must be bleeding from the pain in her dry cunt walls. But there was nothing
she could do except hang there and submit to his rape. The guard held onto the
woman's muscular asscheeks for leverage as he brutally fucked her. He hovered
over her, his face only a few inches from her's. He could see tears rolling
down her cheeks as he raped her. These tears of humiliation streaming down the
face of this muscular but very feminine woman aroused him more than the tight
grip her cunt had on his cock. A low wail began to come from the woman's gagged
mouth; it pushed him over the edge. He came, filling her dry cunt with his hot,
sticky cum. Sated now, he withdrew and let the next man take her.

      The next man used her just as brutally. In an instant he was rutting
inside her like a boar in heat. Diana was nauseated by the sight of his
grinning face. But when she closed her eyes, Yazeed used his cigarette on her
nipple again. Even in her abused condition, the pain was overwhelming. With
Yazeed holding her head up, she was forced to watch the faces of man after man
as the grinning soldiers used her cunt, like they had already used her asshole,
as a depository for their disgusting cum. While not as painful as the plunder
of her ass, the way she was forced to watch the gloating men rape her was even
more humiliating. She felt like a slut. Diana was overwhelmed by revulsion. She
struggled to escape. It did no good; her efforts only goaded the men on to more
brutal attacks on her. At least she was spared the humiliation of understanding
their crude comments as they mistook her struggles for the throes of passion.
As man after man raped her, Diana's struggles lessened until her sweat soaked
body again hung limp in the ropes suspending her from the ceiling. Her asshole
still dripped cum out of its distended spincter; now her cunt was also covered
in the white spendings. It wasdripping in globs from her abused vagina to the
floor below by the time the last man had finished with her.

      Captain Yazeed ordered the now exhausted guards out of the chamber,
leaving himself and his translator alone with Diana. He stood between her legs
and savored the sight of Diana's cum covered cunt. The sight of the whitish
fluid dripping out of her drew him to her abused vagina. He crouched between
her legs to peer inside her half open cunt lips. Fascinated, Yazeed spread
those lips with his fingers to get a better look. The mixed smell of her cunt
and the men's cum drew him on. He pushed two fingers of his right hand inside
her swollen cunt lips. The fingers "squished" as he forced them inside Diana.
He added another finger, then another. Then he closed his thumb against his
palm and pushed his hand further into the American's cunt. With a second push,
his whole hand disappeared into the woman's cunt. He moved it in and out,
creating more of that squishy sound as his fist moved inside the seman
saturated cunt. Gradually, Yazeed pumped his arm harder and harder until he was
fisting the hanging woman with all his strength. Diana's numbness to her
surroundings changed abruptly when his fist penetrated her. Now she felt a new
agony as his fist expanded her sore vagina to two or three times its normal
size. The sensation was far more painful than those produced by any of the
guard's cocks. Diana wailed into her gag. She felt herself being torn in two by
the fist invading her. She knew this would kill her. Once again she found the
strength to struggle against her bonds as he punched his way deeper inside her.
But her strength soon failed her. She hung passively as he continued to
brutally fist fuck her vagina. The translator stared at Diana. He could
actually see the Captain's fist moving under the skin of the woman's flat
stomach. Its movements were accompanied by sounds usually associated with those
a plunger makes as it clears a stopped-up toilet. As he fist fucked her with
one hand, Yazeed used his other hand to stroke his cock, masturbating in time
with his thrusts inside Diana's cunt. Again and again he used Diana as his
punching bag. Finally, he jerked his fist out of her cunt, sending a new blast
of pain to Diana's overloaded brain. Straightening up, he frantically pumped
his cock until a stream of cum shot out and onto Diana's stomach and breasts.
Diana was too exhausted to respond, even to the agony of his fist tearing its
way out of her. She hung senseless, aware only of the feeling of emptiness
inside her now that the fist had disappeared.

      Yazeed was exhausted as well. He could manage nothing more than to plop
down in his chair and stare at Diana's hanging form. Eventually, he had the
translator untie her and leave her lying on the cold concrete floor on her
back. He knew that she was broken but he still wished for her formal surrender.
She had to tell him her unit, base and mission.

      He let her lie on the cold floor for fifteen or twenty minutes while they
both recovered. Then he had the translator drag her to her knees and take off
her gag. Her arms dangled uselessly by her side as a result of the earlier
suspension. Quietly he ask his three questions. Matching his tone, the
translator ask mildly, "What was your unit, your base and your mission?"

      Diana had no thought of lying to him this time. She said, "4th tactical
fighter squadron, 388th wing, Mindhat. I was to bomb a suspected chemical
weapons production site north of Baghdad."

      The translator spoke to Yazeed, listened to his reply, and then told
Diana, "See how easy that was. If you cooperate with us, you will not have to
suffer another rape. But you must do everything the Captain tells you to do.
You must do one more thing. Then you can sleep. The Captain says you must suck
him off with your mouth. Do this and you can sleep"

      Diana did not resist as the Captain stood in front of her, unzipped his
pants, and placed his erect penis in front of her face. He grabbed her by the
hair and guided her face forward. She simply opened her mouth and allowed his
penis to penetrate her lips. Carefully, she closed her lips around it and began
to suck, licking its undersides with her tongue. She concentrated on pleasing
this man with all her soul, using her tongue and lips expertly. The soft,
sucking sounds that came from her mouth were painfully humiliating to her; but
Diana was too afraid of this man to complain. It was the sight of Diana
slavishly sucking his cock as much as the sensation of her tongue working on
his penis that brought Captain Yazeed to the point of no return. He wrapped his
fingers in her hair and began using her face as if it were her cunt. His
thrusts rapidly picked up speed while Diana gagged helplessly under him. She
was choking, unable to draw a breath, when he began to climax. Diana swallowed
the hot load he shot into her mouth without protest; she could feel the cum
burning its way into her stomach. She was grateful her ordeal was finally over,
at least for the moment. Yazeed withdrew his penis from her mouth and smiled
down at her. He traced his fingers over the woman's lips and into the small
stream of whitish cum trickling out of them. He picked up a glob of the thick
cum on the tip of his finger and looked at it for a moment. Then he pushed his
cum covered digit into the kneeling women's mouth and wiped it clean on the
surface of her tongue as she stared submissively at him, too frightened to
protest. He was pleased. They had made a good start; tomorrow he would begin
working with the woman on the script the foreign ministry had provided. He
would have her on CNN calling for an end to the criminal bombing in 3 or 4 days
at most. He'd have time for his son's birthday party after all.

                               End -- Part 2 of 5
