
                                POW3.TXT -- 3/5
      M/F, MILITARY, WAR, CAPTURE, RAPE, NC, BONDAGE, GANG, HUMIL, TORTURE

DISCLAIMER; This story includes descriptions of rape, torture, and bondage. If
descriptions of sexual activity, particularly non-consenual sexual activity,
offend you, DO NOT READ THIS STORY. IF YOU'RE UNDER TWENTY-ONE YEARS OF AGE, DO
NOT READ THIS STORY.

DANGER: THIS STORY IS POLITICALLY INCORRECT. This is a work of fiction; any
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This story may be electronically reproduced and distributed where the laws
allow so long as it is not changed in any way. I've appreciated the comments
and suggestions I've received from readers and welcome further comments. All
flames will be ignored.

INTRODUCTION: Largely because of the scandal caused by the Navy's 1991
"Tailhook" convention, the ban on women flying U.S. combat aircraft was lifted
on 28 April, 1993. This story is a "what-if" look at what might have happened
if "Tailhook" had happened before the 1991 Gulf War and as a result women had
flown combat aircraft during that war.

       ******************************************************************

                            The Mother of All Rapes
                                   by Conwic
                                 conwic@aol.com

                                    Part #3

      A nude Major Diana Barker knelt submissively in front of the her seated
captor as Captain Yazeed angrily berated her in Arabic for her lackluster
performance in the last propaganda broadcast. As she had been painfully taught
to do, the captured pilot knelt with her legs spread wide, exposing her sex
which was still swollen from the gang rape and fisting of five nights before.
Diana held her arms up with her hands clasp at the back of her neck,
involuntarily thrusting her large breasts forward as if offering them to her
torturer. She could feel Yazeed's eyes on her breasts and wished feverently for
something to cover them. But knew he would keep her nude unless actually
filming; only then was she given her flight suit to cover herself. Diana
realized that the submissive positions and her degrading nudity were meant to
humiliate her and to destroy her will. But knowing this did not help her cope
with her rapidly diminishing self-respect. Consumed with fear and guilt, Diana
was losing touch with who and what she was and beginning to allow her captors
to define her in their terms instead.

      As his translator converted his words into English, Yazeed held the
electric baton, which its American maker appropriately called a "cattle prod,"
prominently in his right hand. Diana was painfully familiar with this device,
having felt it work on her cunt and breasts before. Though it left no lasting
marks, she knew that it would burn like fire when used on her sensitive
feminine regions. Yazeed could see her eyes nervously following the baton as he
rose and stood above her kneeling form. He used the cold metal of the baton to
lightly rub Diana's large nipples into erectness as the translator droned on.
He thought he could see a tear forming in Diana's left eye as she braced
herself for the shock. Her muscular body was shiny with sweat now. A faint
tremble was visible in Diana's torso each time the metal baton touched her
moist skin. When he had both nipples fully erect, he touched the tip of the
baton to the left nipple and pressed the button activating the device.

      Diana's body grew rigid as the electricity tore through her breast,
ripping the breath from her lungs. "UUUGGGGGGGGHHLLLLMMMM," she screamed as
every muscle in her body tightened involuntarily from the shock, jerking her
body erect.

      Then the pain was gone as quickly as it had come, leaving the nude woman
whimpering softly, her left breast tingling but strangely senseless. She kept
her hands tightly clasp behind her head to avoid another shock for moving while
she fearfully waited for Yazeed to continue. Yazeed began softly rubbing the
metal prod between her legs toward her exposed cunt. Diana closed her eyes, the
tears streaming from them now. Terror possessed her completely as she felt the
hard cylinder pressing against her erect clit! She held her breath as he rubbed
it over her sensitive sex, waiting for the pain to consume her again. He didn't
make her wait long.

      "UUUUUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHLLLLLMMMMMMMM!!!!!"

      As a nude Diana was withering in pain on the concrete floor of her
prison, her future was being decided by Saddam as he lectured his war council
on the inevitability of his victory. He had been very disappointed by the
failure of his propaganda broadcasts to energize an anti-war movement in the
United States. Although he had provided numerous films to the American media
featuring Diana Barker and four male pilots confessing to bombing hospitals and
schools and professing eternal support for the "brave Iraqi People," nothing
had happened. In fact, public opinion had turned against him as a result of the
films. Even the initially favorable American Media had turned against him. It
was clearly impossible to understand these people. Fortunately, he had an even
more brilliant plan. It was inevitable now that the Americans would attack and
that his army would be defeated. But, if he could bloody the imperialists
before his army's inevitable defeat, he could still emerge as the Arab hero. To
do this he had to have one successful battle and then prevent his army from
turning on him in their defeat. The key to doing these two things lay in
controlling General Hamid Rashid, the popular commander of III Corp and his
army's best commander. Saddam silently congratulated himself on his foresight
in not ordering one of those helicopter "accidents" for Rashid which had
befallen the other heroes of the war with Iran. Now Rashid was available to win
him his one victory. But the man still had to be made so unacceptable to the
Americans that they would never support him if he tried a coup in the war's
aftermath. From his extensive dossier on the general, Saddam knew that the
General was a sadist who had tortured to death for his own gratification
several Kurdish women captured by his troops. He would send Rashid the American
female pilot. The gift would cement his loyalty in the short run. Then evidence
of the General's sadism, collected by his spy in the man's headquarters, would
give Saddam the means to destroy him after the war. As his subordinates wisely
agreed, the plan was brilliant.

      Within hours, Diana had been taken from the custody of Captain Yazeed,
fed, and clothed again in her flight suit, though without any underclothes.
Then she was put into a civilian car and began the dangerous trip to Rashid's
headquarters in southern Kuwait. She had her hands cuffed in front of her but
was otherwise treated well by her silent guards. As the distance from Yazeed
grew, Major Barker began to feel a sense of elation at her apparent escape from
that sadist's control. She began to think that the worst part of her captivity
was over. As her confidence grew, so grew her anger at the pain and humiliation
which had been inflicted on her by Captain Yazeed. Diana began to believe that
the Iraqi in charge at wherever it was they were going would be someone normal
-- as if Captain Yazeed was not normal for Saddam's Iraq. Old habits began to
reassert themselves as she started planning about how she would get that
bastard Yazeed for what he had done to her. By the time she arrived at Rashid's
headquarters, she had convinced herself that it was payback time.

      General Rashid was, in his own mind at least, the modern reincarnation of
Saladin, the warrior who had destroyed the Christian crusader kingdom almost
exactly eight centuries before. His enemies in the army -- which meant any
officer above colonel in rank -- whispered that he was mad. But it was not the
stories of his cruelties toward women that prompted this opinion. It was his
obsession with the American movie, "PATTON." They said that he modeled
everything he did on that movie, which he had watched over a 100 times by his
own accounts. Ruthless, arrogant, and cruel; he nevertheless commanded the
respect of the junior officers and NCOs for his battlefield successes against
the Iranians. This was the man Diana thought was going to help her and upon
whom she had the poor judgment to unload her pent-up anger. It was also her
great misfortune that the general spoke fluent English.

      The General was initially so astonished that a woman would address him in
such a disrespectful manner that he was speechless. Diana took this as
acquiesce and launched into her demand that the General "do something" about
Captain Yazeed. General Rashid silenced her with a powerful backhand slap
across her face. It took him several moments before he could trust his voice so
great was the rage consuming him. He had been insulted in his own headquarters
in front of his men by a woman, an American woman who had the termidity to call
herself a warrior! When he could trust himself to speak, he dismissed the
woman's escorts and ordered two of his men to take her into his private
quarters. There, he ordered them to strip her and tie her in a standing spread
eagle, face against the wall. Then he told them to get out.

      The General studied Diana's muscular back and buttocks with considerable
interest. Her smooth skin was unmarked. He would change that. Unbidden, his
orderly brought him his preferred instrument, the long, hard rubber fan belt
from an Army 5 ton truck. Then he left. Rashid had first seen a fan belt used
on a man as a lieutenant in 1968, when his sergeant had shown him the army's
way of making Kurds talk. Heavy and brutal, the belt was like the man using it.

      Rashid ignored the pleas for mercy coming from Diana; they lacked the
intensity to interest him. That would change after a few blows with the belt.
He began work, choosing Diana's hard, muscular asscheeks as his first target.
Using all his strength he brought the heavy belt down across her buttocks. A
long, muddy-red streak appeared across the untanned, almost white flesh. Slowly
and methodically, he repeated the stroke again and again as the captive woman
screamed.

      Diana felt as if she were being flayed; It felt as if the skin was being
stripped off her ass. Bound against the wall, she could do nothing to escape
the maddenly slow strokes though she tried, her powerful arm and leg muscles
helplessly flexing in a futile effort to escape. The pain burned itself from
her buttocks to her brain with each stroke. Almost as bad was the wait for the
next stroke -- the pain still fresh in her mind. She screamed repeatedly but
had no idea what she was screaming.

      "UUUUGGGHHLLMMMMMM!! Noo!! PLEASE, PLEASE OH! UUUUUUGGGGGHHHHLLMMMMMMM!!
STOP PLEASE!!"

      Diana's screams were clearly audible throughout the headquarters as the
General wished them to be. No one could humiliate him and escape; let those
lackeys and cowards listen, he thought as he savored Diana's screams. Her
asscheeks were covered in dark red stripes now. Between strokes, he could see
her body shake with sobs. He began to work on the sensitive tops of her thighs.
There the belt met her tanned skin to produce an even deeper red stripe.

      "UUUUGGGGGHHHLLLMMMMMMMM!!!!!"

      "OOHHHHH!!! PLEASEEE!! STOP! NOOEEEE... UUUGGGHLLMMMMM!!!"

      Slowly, methodically, Rashid worked down her thigh backs and then back to
her punished buttocks. He laid each stroke with care, ensuring that on her
buttocks the new stripes crossed the old to increase Diana's pain. Then he
moved up to the small of her back.

      "UUUGGGHHHLLLLMMMMMMMM!!!! UUUGGGGGHHHHLLLLLMMMMMMMMM!! PLEASEEEEE!!"

      Now the general was lashing Diana across her back, the end of the heavy
belt just long enough to reach around her to strike the sensitive sides of her
large breasts. The sheer weigh of the blows was driving Diana into the wall.
Tears and snot streamed down her face as she screamed into the hard, cold
surface of the wall. Her body was covered in a cold sweat, making it shine in
the harsh light of the room. There was a new intensity to her screams. Diana
was convinced that he was going to flay the skin off her back!

      "UUUGGGGGGHHHLLLLMMMMMMM!! AAHHHHHHH!!! UUUGGHHHLLMMMMMM!!
PLEEASSEEEEEE!! AHHH!! STOP!!!!"

      The blows stopped though Diana's body remained tensed as she waited for
their resumption. Instead, she sensed the General standing behind her and then
felt his hand spreading her asscheeks. Involuntarily she tensed even more. Then
in a feat of will she made her muscles relax. Diana knew what was next; he was
going to sodomize her. After the anal gang rape she had suffered with Yazeed,
she knew better than to fight him. She felt the head of his cock press against
her no longer virgin asshole and then the familiar burning sensation as it
pushed past her stretched spinster. Then she felt the familiar pressure as his
penis filled her colon, sending painful cramps through her guts and into her
brain.

      "AHHHHH!!!!!! OOHHHH!! It hurts, Pleaseee!"

      Rashid was pleased to find her so easy to penetrate. He loved the way her
colon seemed to squeeze his cock as it burrowed inside her. As Diana's body
arched up in an involuntary and futile attempt to escape her impalement, he
drove his cock all the way into her. Then he reached around the woman to grasp
her breasts in his hands. The General found her large ,erect nipples and
gripped them between his fingers, squeezing them in concert with his thrusts
into Diana's ass. He savored the way she squirmed under him; it aroused him
more than the physical aspects of simple sex ever could.

      "American slut. You are my prisoner! You will do whatever I say, when I
say it. If you defy me in the least thing, I will beat you with that belt until
there is no skin left on your body," Rashid rasped into her ear as he continued
riding her ass, "You will show me the respect I deserve, whore!"

      Diana involuntarily tightened her spinster from shock when the General
spoke to her in English. A thrust and a painful twist of her sensitive nipples
reminded her not to fight him. She rested her head against the wall and tried
to relax her whole body, hoping to get through her rape with as little pain as
possible.

      "Slut, you will answer me when I speak," He barked, squeezing painfully
on her nipples as he spoke.

      "Yes Sir, I... I'm... AAHH! I'm sorry, Sir," Diana choked out between the
moans as he sodomized her and tortured her nipples.

      Apparently satisfied, Rashid concentrated on fucking her ass. The tempo
of his thrusts increased as he pumped harder and harder into her ass. Diana
thought it felt as if he were pushing a baseball bat up her ass. The pain
seemed to Diana to go on forever as he rode her torn and bleeding ass and tried
to rip her nipples off of her breasts with his fingernails. It was all she
could do to lean her head against the wall and concentrate on breathing between
screams. Finally, the jackhammer thrusts stopped and she could feel a hot
liquid filling her intestines. Diana stood in a daze as he untied her hands and
retied them behind her back. Then he untied her feet and lead her to a bed in
the corner.

      He made her kneel beside the bed and said, "I am going to test your
obedience. If you fail, I will whip you twice as hard as I just did." Producing
a pistol from his holster, Rashid continued "I order you to lick your filth off
my cock. If your teeth touch my cock, I will kill you."

      The pistol to her head, Diana stared in disgust at the dark stains on his
half erect cock. Her stomach turned at the thought of where it had just been.
But she was too frightened to refuse. Slowly and reluctantly, she stuck out her
tongue and ran it up the underside of his shit stained penis. She continued
licking his cock until all the dark stains were gone and the half hard organ
was shinny with her saliva. The bitter taste of her own feces filled her mouth
but she continued licking until not a trace of her shit remained.

      "Excellent, whore. Now turn your attention to the material on the bottom
of my boots. That, I believe, is what you Americans would call camel shit. Get
rid of it!"

      The next morning, a thoroughly broken Major Barker was prepared for
another humiliation. By the General's perverse reasoning, since she had
embarrassed him in front of his subordinates, she would be humiliated in front
of them. She was dressed in her flight suit but in such a way that it
emphasized rather than covered her body. The front was open and the zipper
sides pinned back to her shoulders so that her breasts were totally exposed.
The crotch of the suit had been cut out entirely, exposing her shaven cunt and
most of her buttocks, complete with the still painful bruises from her whipping
the night before. She knelt on the sand in front of the headquarters with the
headquarters personnel drawn up in a formation to her right. Diana had
instinctively assumed the submissive position taught her by Yazeed; her legs
spread and her back straight with eyes downcast. She had no idea what was going
to happen to her. But she knew that if she displeased the General he would
inflict some horrible punishment on her. The General was making some kind of a
speech to the assembled soldiers in Arabic; he seemed to have forgotten her for
the moment.

      When he finished, a cheer came from the soldiers. The General walked the
few feet to where Diana knelt submissively. As Diana watched anxiously, he
opened his fly and took out his cock. Was he going to rape her in front of
these men, she wondered. Then without warning, the General began to piss in her
face. A stream of warm, stinking piss hit her in the face, burning her eyes and
running between her open lips before she could react. A shuddering Diana
quickly surpressed her initial impulse to bolt. Instead, she simply dropped her
face to stare at the ground while he continued to direct his piss on to her
face and hair. It ran over her head and onto her naked chest, coating her
breasts. It ran down her stomach and over her sensitive cunt before running
down her legs, soaking the flight suit legs in the process. She was drenched in
his smelly urine. Despite the strong survival instincts which had gotten her
this far, at this moment Diana wanted nothing so much as to die. She had never
felt so thoroughly humiliated in her life. She had been used as a toilet by
this arrogant camel jockey. To make it even more humiliating, his use of her as
his toilet had been witnessed by forty cheering Iraqi soldiers. As they cheered
and fired weapons into the air, the General forced open her mouth with his
thumbs. Then, as he held it open with one hand, he directed the last trickle of
urine directly into her mouth as she looked up at him helplessly. Neither the
bitter taste of his piss hitting her tongue nor the feeling of his hot piss
filling her stomach was worse than the terrible sense of humiliation she felt.

                               End -- Part 3 of 5
