
                                POW4.TXT -- 4/5
      M/F, MILITARY, WAR, CAPTURE, RAPE, NC, BONDAGE, GANG, HUMIL, TORTURE

DISCLAIMER; This story includes descriptions of rape, torture, and bondage. If
descriptions of sexual activity, particularly non-consenual sexual activity,
offend you, DO NOT READ THIS STORY. IF YOU'RE UNDER TWENTY-ONE YEARS OF AGE, DO
NOT READ THIS STORY.

DANGER: THIS STORY IS POLITICALLY INCORRECT. This is a work of fiction; any
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This story may be electronically reproduced and distributed where the laws
allow so long as it is not changed in any way. I've appreciated the comments
and suggestions I've received from readers and welcome further comments. All
flames will be ignored.

INTRODUCTION: Largely because of the scandal caused by the Navy's 1991
"Tailhook" convention, the ban on women flying U.S. combat aircraft was lifted
on 28 April, 1993. This story is a "what-if" look at what might have happened
if "Tailhook" had happened before the 1991 Gulf War and as a result women had
flown combat aircraft during that war.

       ******************************************************************

                            The Mother of All Rapes
                                   by Conwic
                                 conwic@aol.com

                                    Part #4

      General Rashid had always followed the advice given by George C. Scott in
Rashid's favorite movie, 'PATTON.' 'When you go forward to visit the troops,
fly flags and make a lot of noise so they see you sharing their dangers; but
when you go back, take down the flags and go home quietly like a thief in the
night.' Now Rashid was driving forward to visit his troops; but he had replaced
his flags with an even more eye-catching ornament for his command car, Major
Diana Barker. After seeing the way her degradation had raised the morale of his
dispirited staff, he had resolved to use her to prepare his elite troops for
the coming battle. Mounting her on his car was just the first step in his plan

      Diana had been positioned on the front of his land rover. She was dressed
in her boots and flight suit, the one which had the front pinned open to expose
her breasts and the crotch cut away. Her lower legs had been bent back under
her thighs and her booted feet tied to her thighs. Now she rested on her knees
on a small metal platform which Rashid had ordered welded to the bumper. To
hold her upright, her torso had been tied to a large diameter metal pipe which
was also welded to the bumper. Diana's arms were tied behind her back. Ropes
ran from her elbows to the vehicle's mirror mountings to keep her from twisting
from side to side as the vehicle traveled over the rough roads at a high speed.
Rashid was very pleased with the effect she produced, her hair blowing in the
desert wind and her large breasts bouncing wildly with each rut the command car
hit.

      Diana was not as pleased. The ride was pure hell. With all her weight
resting on her knees, every jolt in a rut filled road sent a bolt of pain up
her legs. Her face and breasts were exposed to the wind blown sand which, at
the speed she was traveling, produced an effect identical to standing in front
of a sand blaster. Her abused breasts were especially sensitive to the blowing
sand. Diana wondered if she would have any skin left on them by the time this
ride was over. The fine road dust kicked up by the vehicle was finding its way
on to all her skin surfaces not scoured clean by the sand and combining with
the sweat covering her body to produce an itchy grit. It covered her and seemed
to particularly delight in collecting inside her exposed cunt lips. The dust
also found its way into her mouth and throat, torturing her with thirst and
reducing her moans to weak croaks. By the time they reached their destination,
Diana was in her own world of pain and thirst, oblivious to her surroundings.

      With forty thousand men under his command, Rashid knew he would have to
be sparing in his use of Diana. He had selected the company commanders, senior
NCOs, and battalion commanders of one brigade, some 34 men in all, to take part
in his test of her usefulness in raising morale. The unit was from his best
division, the 5th Mechanized Division, and had been selected to lead the
planned offensive Saddam had ordered. It had also suffered heavily from
American airpower. Rashid was certain that allowing them to use and abuse Diana
would help them win back some of the confidence they had lost under the
relentless air attacks. But with only 5 days until the planned attack at
Khafji, he had to act fast.

      He found the men drawn up in formation at the oil derrick he had
designated. Since the Americans would never bomb Kuwait's precious oil wells,
he knew that he could count on not being interrupted here. General Rashid
ordered his driver to pull in front of the formation and park. He enjoyed the
sight of the men's confusion as they first saw the figure on the front of his
vehicle and then realized that it was a woman. They had been without women in
the desert for almost six months now. The formation wavered for a moment but
discipline held. He was satisfied that he had their attention.

      Climbing onto the hood of the land rover, the General launched into his
speech. He spoke of the imperialists threatening the Dar el Saddam, the House
of Saddam, and about the coming opportunity to strike a blow for their great
leader. He appealed to their male pride, telling them that the Americans
depended on women like this one to do their fighting. Rashid thought that he
had never seen an audience so spell bound by one of his speeches. Of course,
the men were mesmerized by Diana rather than the General. There she hung on the
bumper of his car, not 15 feet away from the front rank, with her breasts
exposed. Even her cunt, its covering hair shaven, was clearly visible to the
hungry stares of the men. Despite in her battered state, Diana could sense the
lust radiating from these men; it was as real to her as the heat radiating from
the hood of the land rover. As the General's speech turned to the death brought
by Americans and their bombers, and the men began to understand the
significance of the uniform Diana was wearing; an ominous hatred came into the
men's eyes. Each had lost men, if not friends, to the hated bombers. They had
felt the frustration of suffering attack without being able to fight back. Now
the General was offering them a target for their anger. In response the men
began to cheer in earnest, firing their weapons into the air and screaming
victory chants.

      The General's bodyguards untied her from the hood of the land rover and
freed her feet though not her hands. Since Diana's legs were too cramped to
hold her up, they carried her to an empty oil barrel lying in the sand. The two
men threw her over the barrel and then retreated, leaving her to the waiting
men.

      As soon as her stomach hit the hot metal of the drum, Diana knew that she
was in serious trouble. She had grown increasingly numb to the abuse being
inflicted upon her. But now, as she looked over the mob of uniformed men
surrounding her, she felt a fear more intense than that of the first night when
Yazeed had her gang raped. Could they, she wondered, mean to rape her to death?

      The Iraqi soldiers swarmed over her. One man grabbed her by her auburn
hair and pulled her head over his erect cock. As he filled her mouth, Diana
felt hands all over her body. They grabbed her breasts; squeezing, pinching and
mauling her sand blasted tits. Those who could not reach her breasts ripped the
flight suit off her back and legs to maul her naked flesh. Diana was in shock.
She did not even feel the first man to enter her exposed vagina. Suddenly he
was just there, his hips banging against her's as he propelled her forward onto
the cock in her mouth. That man's cockhead was forcing its way into her throat,
choking her, and making Diana light headed as it cut off her oxygen. Then the
man began brutally fucking her face, using his grip on her hair to force her
mouth back and forth over his cock as he remained motionless. Now Diana could
get quick gasps of air between strokes. As the two men pounded her nude body
from opposite ends, anonymous hands continued to maul her now totally nude
body. Draped over the barrel with her arms bound behind her, Diana could do
little to stop her attackers. But this time she did not even try to resist the
men who were brutally raping her. Instead, she lay passively over the empty oil
drum as the two men used her mouth and cunt. She concentrated on breathing and
tried to push her rising panic to the back of her mind.

      Neither of the men lasted long inside her. Diana felt hot cum filling her
mouth and then the same wet heat inside her cunt. The two cocks disappeared
only to be replace by two more. Now her whole world was limited to the two
cocks penetrating her. Man after man mounted her and left their spendings
inside her cunt. Diana's crotch became saturated in cum, so much of it that it
ran in streams out of her numbed cunt lips and onto her tanned legs. The men in
her mouth were fucking her with equal brutality, bloodying her lips with their
thrusts as they deposited volumes of sperm in her mouth. It was all that Diana
could do to swallow the masses of sticky, white seman flooding her mouth. It
was either swallow or choke. As she forced it down, Diana had the sensation
that their cum was coating her esophagus all the way to her stomach. In a half
lucid moment, she could feel it filling her stomach, gallons of the thick,
white cum pooling inside her. Diana thought that she was going to drown in
their cum.

      As her cunt became too saturated in cum for even the Iraqi's to tolerate,
the men fucking her switched to her unused asshole. The first man simply forced
his penis into her unlubricated ass, indifferent to the searing pain he caused
Diana. It was only because she had already been repeatedly sodomized earlier in
her captivity that the man was able to penetrate her without ripping her ass
apart. The pain was excoriating as he pumped his cock into her with relentless
jackhammer-like strokes. Diana tried to scream. But the cock pumping into her
mouth choked the sound of her cries until that all that came out of her mouth
were weak moans. The man sodomizing her rode Diana for what seemed to her to be
an eternity. Finally, he came. To Diana's relief, his cum then provided a
lubricant for the next man to sodomize her. Then that man emptied himself into
her burning ass and was replaced by yet another as soon as he had pulled out of
her. Soon, Diana's still burning asshole was as loose and as saturated in her
rapists' sperm as her abused vagina. Through it all, Diana lay passively over
the barrel, submissively accepting their abuse without even a thought of
resistance. She was resolved to cling to life even at the expense of submitting
to these men.

      So it continued as man after man used her mouth or ass. Both ends of
Diana's pain racked body were covered in their white, sticky sperm. Her
memories became increasingly disjointed. She would remember cum spurting into
her face and eyes, cocks and fingers penetrating her asshole, hands pulling on
her hair as her head was jerked back and forth over someone's cock, and hands
pulling at her sore nipples. She had no idea how many man had used her or how
many more were to come.

      If Diana's recollections were confused, those of General Rashid were
crystal clear. He watched Diana's ordeal from his vantage point on the hood of
the land rover; from there he could see everything that was being done to her
by his soldiers. He was delighted by the aggressiveness his men showed toward
the captive American woman. The brutal way in which they forced her to service
them with her mouth and, especially, their causal brutality in using her anus
as a second cunt pleased him greatly. He could see the confidence flowing back
into his soldiers. Nor did the sight of such a strong woman being subjected to
the humiliation and pain of a mass rape fail to arouse him. He had witnessed
more gang rapes than he could remember as a young officer fighting the Kurds;
but he had never seen a woman endure such brutality or so many men. That is, if
she does live through it, he thought.

      General Rashid was enthralled by the sight of her muscular body being
buffeted about by the men using her mouth and ass. One man was using her cum
covered face as if it were her cunt, his hands gripping her sperm soaked hair
as he pulled her head back and forth on his cock. The other man was literally
trying to stab her to death with his penis. He was thrusting into her open
asshole in a mad frenzy while slapping her buttocks with his right hand. Even
from his position, the General could hear the wet, sucking sounds of the man's
penis ramming in and out of her cum-soaked asshole and the counterpointing loud
cracks as his hand impacted on her quivering buttcheeks. As one set of men
spent themselves in Diana, another pair appeared with erect penises and took
their places. Her holes were never empty for more than a few seconds. Even
after the American woman finally passed out, the men continued to fuck her
slimy holes. The General could not even tell just when she had passed out since
her body had continued to move in response to the men fucking her unconscious
body.

      Eventually, the General called a halt. Each man had taken Diana at least
one; some had used her three times. The men's mood was as jubilant as if they
had won a great victory on the battlefield. Rashid was cheered wildly when he
promised them more American women soldiers after the great victory they would
win at Khafji. As the men were marched away, the General walked over to where
Diana was still lying draped over the metal drum. One of his bodyguards was
examining the woman's still body. Rashid was fascinated to see that Diana's
cunt lips and asshole both were still distended. They were so open that he
could actually see the interior linings and the pools of cum still inside the
woman's vagina and colon. Her body was covered in his men's cum. It had dried
in layers over her skin at her sex, upper legs, and face. It had even flowed as
far as onto her red, raw breasts. General Rashid thought that he had never seen
a more desirable looking woman in his life.

      "Is she alive?" he ask his bodyguard.

      "Yes Sir, she still breathes though I do not see how she could have
survived this."

                               End -- Part 4 of 5

