
                                POW5.TXT -- 5/5
      M/F, MILITARY, WAR, CAPTURE, RAPE, NC, BONDAGE, GANG, HUMIL, TORTURE

DISCLAIMER; This story includes descriptions of rape, torture, and bondage. If
descriptions of sexual activity, particularly non-consenual sexual activity,
offend you, DO NOT READ THIS STORY. IF YOU'RE UNDER TWENTY-ONE YEARS OF AGE, DO
NOT READ THIS STORY.

DANGER: THIS STORY IS POLITICALLY INCORRECT. This is a work of fiction; any
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This story may be electronically reproduced and distributed where the laws
allow so long as it is not changed in any way. I've appreciated the comments
and suggestions I've received from readers and welcome further comments. All
flames will be ignored.

INTRODUCTION: Largely because of the scandal caused by the Navy's 1991
"Tailhook" convention, the ban on women flying U.S. combat aircraft was lifted
on 28 April, 1993. This story is a "what-if" look at what might have happened
if "Tailhook" had happened before the 1991 Gulf War and as a result women had
flown combat aircraft during that war.

       ******************************************************************

                            The Mother of All Rapes
                                   by Conwic
                                 conwic@aol.com

                                    Part #5

      As the President read through the CIA report, he began shaking his head
in that disjointed way he had when angry. His chief of staff watched uneasily,
suspecting that the President had gotten to the part where the informant
described Major Barker's beating and rape by General Rashid. Sardonically he
thought, wait until you read the part about the gang rape. He had been thinking
about how the war had been going so well; now this had to happen. Despite the
Military's misgivings, it was clear that they had to do something to save the
woman. If they didn't, the women's groups would crucify them. It simply didn't
matter if they did lose 50 men to save this one female pilot. They had to do
something and do it before the media got wind of this. The American people
would never forgive them if this got out and they had done nothing. He was
mentally marshaling his responses to each of the Military's objections when the
President looked up and said, "Do it."

      On the following night, General Rashid was in an elated mood. The
preparations for the attack at Khafji were going well. Morale was high in the
5th Mechanized just as he had known it would be. And now he had learned that
his men had captured another American female pilot and were bringing her to his
headquarters. It seemed only logical that he take advantage of her presence
before sending the woman on to Baghdad. After all, if he gave Saddam his
victory, then nothing would be said about this little indulgence. If he failed,
he was a dead man regardless of what he did to her. It was victory or death, he
thought; so live for the moment.

      Two hours later General Rashid was studying his new plaything, Marine
First Lieutenant Kathleen O'Connor. A petite redhead with an athletic body --
everyone called her by her callsign "Tomboy," the woman presented a fascinating
contrast to the muscular Major Barker. It was easy to make the comparison;
Rashid had Diana kneeling submissively beside the smaller woman with her legs
spread to expose her cunt and arms held behind her head. Tomboy was tied bent
face down over a table with her legs bound to the legs to expose her small red
fringed slit. The General was forcing Diana to recount for the redheaded
marine's benefit all of the things which he had done to her. Diana had tears
running down her face by the time she got to the gang rape in the desert. Her
resigned tone changed as her voice broke, and she could not continue. The
General had to "encourage" her with his fan belt before she could complete her
story about the gang rape and how Rashid had used her in the car on the trip
back. The General was thoroughly enjoying the effect Diana's story was having
on the younger woman. However, the fear in her face was arousing him and he had
to do something about that...

      Less than five miles away a team of American soldiers from Delta Force
was waiting in the sand dunes in the middle of an S-shaped curve. The assault
team waited tensely inside their Trojan horse, a Iraqi army truck, while the
support team waited in two man teams spread throughout the dunes. The lookout
had already signaled the approach of the scrounging convoy from III Corp
headquarters. Every night four trucks made the trip to Kuwait City and back
with whatever they could find to feed themselves now that the Iraqi supply
system had collapsed under the bombing. The Delta Force team was going to join
this convoy and use it to pass through the checkpoints into the headquarters
area. When the last truck approached the first part of the curve, two of the
support force pulled on a rope to move an accordion like metal frame covered
with spikes across the asphalt in front of the truck. As the Iraqi truck
swerved onto the sand and slowed with two punctured tires, the Delta Force
truck came out of the dunes to replace it at the end of the convoy. With the
engine noises and the muffling effect of the curve, none of the Iraqis in the
first three trucks heard the silenced MP5's as men from the support team
dispatched the two Iraqis in the truck's cab. All they saw were the black-out
lights of the last truck coming around the curve. In a few moments, the convoy
was being waved through the first checkpoint.

      General Rashid found the redheaded woman very attractive in a boyish way.
And she was tight -- just like a young boy -- he discovered as he explored her
asshole and cunt with a finger. Rashid smiled as he considered the thought
which had just come to him. He took Diana's hair and jerked her between
tomboy's legs.

      "Put your hand up the little slut's sex. Now!"

      "Sir? I... I can't get..."

      "Put your hand up her, or I will give you back to the 2nd brigade. You
remember them, don't you whore? Do it! Now!"

      The old Diana Barker would have refused his insane order. She may have
been a self-serving bitch but she was not a sadist. This Diana had been raped
and beaten to within a hair of madness; she did not care anymore who was hurt
as long as it was not her. She was ready to do anything necessary to avoid more
pain. Without hesitation, Diana pushed two fingers into Tomboy's cunt.

      "AAHHHHH!!!! YOU'RE HURTING ME! TAKE IT OUT!"

      When Diana's fingers penetrated her, Tomboy appeared to have a seizure as
her body jerked and pulled against the ropes holding her to the table. Diana's
two fingers painfully filled her small unlubricated cunt. Diana was amazed at
how tight the petite woman's vagina was, so unlike her own. She pressed harder
and could feel the muscles of Tomboy's vagina slowly give way. Diana's fingers
sank deeper into the woman's red fringed slit until they were buried up to her
knuckles.

      "AAHHHH!! NOOO!! PLEEASSEEE NOOO!!!!!"

      The General stood over Diana, his eyes bright, as he watched the larger
woman's fingers force their way into the tiny cunt.

      "Deeper now. Put your whole hand into her, slut. Show her how you felt
when I fucked you!"

      Diana started to force her third finger into Tomboy. She got the finger
into the redhead, but could not get her hand into Tomboy past her knuckles.
Ignoring Tomboy's screams, Diana pushed as hard as she could against the
woman's cunt muscles but could not penetrate Tomboy any further. Diana pulled
her fingers out the redhead's cunt and licked her whole hand, covering it with
her saliva. Equipped with this makeshift lubricant, Diana's fingers again
penetrated the woman's cunt easily up to the knuckles. Then another mighty push
and her hand disappeared into Tomboy's cunt up to the wrist. She was inside the
other woman! Her whole hand was engulfed in the redhead's warm,tight cunt!

      "AAAHHHHHH!!!! OOOOOMMMPPHHH!! NNOOOOOO!!"

      The General moved to stand in front of Tomboy. Opening his fly, he jerked
the woman's head back with his other hand and held his erect cock in front of
her tear stained face.

      "Suck me, American! Do as I say or I will have the good Major rip your
heart out. Do it now, whore!"

      The redheaded pilot opened her mouth and allowed the General to shove his
cock into her oral cavity. The man's cock filled her small mouth, riding over
her tongue to slam into her throat. That was humiliating but the least of her
problems. She felt as if Diana's hand was tearing her apart. It was as if she
were giving birth... to a fist. Tomboy was not a virgin; but she had never had
anything as big or as painful inside her before. It was tearing her apart.

      As Tomboy took his cock into her mouth, the Delta Force team was
approaching the headquarters building. Almost invisible in their black uniforms
and using night vision goggles to find their way in the darkness, the 16 men
quickly surrounded the building. When they were in position, the team leader
sent the GO message to the extraction force, letting them know that it was time
to start the assault phase.

      Ten kilometers away, the signal reached the commander of the attached
attack helicopter battalion. He passed the GO signal on to his fifteen aircraft
and then pressed his throttle, making the 9 ton Apache helicopter leap forward
toward the Iraqi headquarters. On his left was his wingman; Two thousand meters
to his right were the other three aircraft of "A" company. At intervals of two
thousand meters behind him were the other two companies of his battalion. Their
mission was simple: open a corridor five thousand meters wide to the assault
team for the extraction helicopters. All they had to do was shoot their way
through about 20 anti-aircraft guns and a battalion of tanks protecting the
headquarters. Piece of cake, the lieutenant colonel thought; with the thermal
sights on these things we can see them and they can't see us. Just as long as
we don't hover above any assholes with an RPG, everyone goes home.

      As the General fucked Tomboy's mouth, Diana began to experiment with the
woman's cunt. At the General's command, she had began moving her hand back and
forth inside Tomboy. Diana liked the feeling it gave her when she made the
other woman squirm and shudder by moving her hand. She enjoyed finally seeing
someone else suffer. Her hand closed into a fist and began to move deeper and
faster inside Tomboy's cunt. The anger and fear bottled up inside her was
channeling itself into the violence she was inflicting on Tomboy. Diana pumped
her fist into the redhead even harder making the muscles in her forearm bunched
and flex as she repeatedly sank her arm into Tomboy's brutalized vagina. She
was fisting the woman in earnest now, twisting her hand inside Tomboy to
increase the pain as she tried to punch her way to the captive's cervix. In her
mind, she could see herself on that table instead of the redhead with Yazeed
pumping his fist into her. In her mind she had become Yazeed. As she punched
into Tomboy, Diana started chanting:

      "CUNT... WHORE... SLUT... CUNT... BITCH.. SLUT... BITCH... WHORE..."

      Tomboy tried to scream from the pain engulfing her; but with Rashid's
penis filling the petite redhead's mouth, all that came out was a high pitched
moan. The two enemies kept pumping into her, filling her cunt and mouth, as
Tomboy lay between them with tears streaming down her face.

      Diana was looking up at the General as he fucked Tomboy's face. Suddenly,
three red splotches appeared on the man's chest. As Diana watched dumbfounded,
the General stumbled backwards with an amazed look on his face. He hit and then
slid down the wall and out of her sight, leaving a trail of blood on the wall
behind him. Diana, her fist still buried inside Tomboy, froze motionless in
fear. From behind her she heard a voice speaking in English -- American Army
English.

      "FUCK!! Hey, if you don't fuckin mind taking your fuckin arm out of her
fuckin pussy, we'de like to get the fuck out of here!"

EPILOGUE: Major Diana Barker made it back to Sauda Arabia safely though eleven
of her rescuers did not. The story of what she had been doing when her rescuers
arrived was hushed up except for the stories told in certain bars at Fort
Bragg, Delta Force's home station. But network anchors don't drink at Fort
Bragg. The media loved her story -- as she told it -- and made her the
victim-hero of the war. She got her picture on the cover of Time Magazine and
was famous for almost two weeks. Things turned out very well for her. She
didn't even need the adult diapers anymore after a couple of months.

                               End -- Part 5 of 5
