Archive-name: Amazon/power1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Ultimate Exercise of Power, The - 1


"Eight ... Nine ... Ten!"  Diane dropped the dumbbells and
evaluated the impressive bulge of her tensed biceps with
appreciation.  Seventy five pounds wasn't going to be enough, she
thought; she'd have to increase the weight next time.  Back off
the number of sets, of course, and increase the weight ... that's
the ticket.

She eyed the Roman Chair and heaved a sigh.  It was getting late
and she had to get an early start tomorrow.  She ran her fingers
across the thin leotard covering her stomach.  She smiled at the
feel of the hard, rippled washboard she encountered.  She HAD
been working out for almost two hours tonight, though primarily
on chest and arms; and now everyone else had left the gym.  She
just didn't have the motivation to start any ab workout at this
hour.  Stroking the impressive muscles of her abdomen lovingly,
she laughingly acknowledged that she could afford to skip ONE
session.

Diane wiped the sweat from her forehead and started for the
locker room.

"Hey baby!"  Startled, she looked around.  There, near the front
desk, was a scrawny looking geek wearing a big smile.  "I
couldn't help but notice you exercising, there," he said with a
grin.

"Oh great," Diane thought, "an OBSERVANT geek!"  She was tired
and pointedly ignored him as she continued toward the locker
room.  The geek seemed to take offense.

"Hey, what gives YOU the right to cop an attitude," he called
after her.  "It's not like you're any beauty or anything!"

Diane had already made it to the locker room and paused in front
of the full-length mirror.  No beauty?  She looked at her
reflection.  She saw a woman with an obviously incredible body. 
A little over six feet tall.  Wide, well-developed shoulders.  A
broad chest that hadn't sacrificed an impressive pair of
breasts -- probably around 50DDD, she estimated.  The scanty
black leotard she wore accentuated her physique more than covered
it, outlining every magnificently-defined muscle.

She smiled as she saw the reflection of her feet.  She had one
major point of vanity: she never wore tennis shoes when she
worked out.  She always wore black pumps.  There was something
... sexy ... about such an anomaly.

Eyes still glued to the mirror, she curled her fist to pump her
biceps.  Easily over 17 inches!  She allowed her eyes to travel
over the beautifully-defined muscles of her body.  Built and
chiseled, she decided.  It had taken her years to sculpt such an
impressive body, but she knew the results had been worthwhile.

She finally brought her gaze up to her face.  High cheek bones
and almond-shaped, green eyes.   She might have been taken for
oriental if not for her long, flaming red hair, currently tied
back severely in a long, flowing ponytail.  Not a beauty?  Ha! 
He had no concept of the word, then!  Her reverie was broken by
the intrusion of the geek's parting shot:

"Fucking horse!"

Diane's eyes narrowed in anger.  The insult brought a disturbing
thought to mind.  Had that little twerp been thinking he was
going to get lucky with HER because no one else would have her? 
She flushed with indignation.  "I'm a fucking physical goddess!"
she thought, angrily.  "That asshole isn't fit to jerk off on my
shoes!"

Wheeling, she stomped back to the gym area.  The geek was just
rounding the corner, heading for the exit.

"HEY YOU LITTLE SONUVABITCH!"  she shouted with fury.  "GET BACK
HERE!"  The geek froze where he was, uncertain.  Diane stormed
over to him and stood, towering and menacing.

"Just where the HELL do you get off calling me a 'horse,' you
sorry little excuse for a man?!"  The twerp stood looking at her,
blinking nervously.  Diane was panting with anger.  "You know
what I think?" she asked.  The man swallowed loudly, but said
nothing.

"I think I ought to beat the shit out of you," she hissed in a
quiet, dangerous voice.

The man chuckled nervously.  "D-don't be ridiculous!" he
stammered.  "Y-you're just a woman!"  Diane looked at the guy
appraisingly.  He was at least four inches shorter than her and
weighed about 180 pounds.  At least 40 pounds or so lighter than
her, she mused.  He wasn't in bad shape.  But conversely, he was
obviously no athlete, either.  She grinned evilly.

"JUST a woman?" she asked, cocking her head as if she couldn't
believe she'd her correctly.  She pushed her arm into his face
and slowly bulged her biceps.  The swelling muscle pressed
against his nose and forced his head back slightly.  "Does this
look like JUST a woman to you?" she demanded.

The man pushed her arm away violently.  "Get away from me, you
freak," he spat.  "I know your type!  You're the kind who
secretly wants to be a man so she can have sex with REAL women!"

Diane's head rocked back, stunned.  "You calling me a lesbian?"
she asked incredulously.  She stared at him for several seconds,
letting her indignation build.  Then she laughed.  "A lesbian?! 
No, I'm no lesbian," she chuckled, after she'd caught her breath. 
She stopped smiling suddenly and looked at him intently.  She wet
her lips.  "And I AM a 'real' woman!  In fact, I think I'll prove
it to you as I beat the living shit out of you."

"And maybe I'll just use my sex to beat you within an inch of
your miserable life," she said with a quiet smile.

The man looked confused and began backing up slowly.  Diane
advanced.  Oh yes, she was going to make it clear to this asshole
just how wrong he was!  "I know I can take him," she thought. 
"And I think I'll enjoy playing with his mind as I play with his
body."

"Ever been raped?" she asked in a husky voice.  She saw the look
of doubt and of fear in his eyes and she tingled with excitement
and power.

Doubt must have won out over fear; the man jumped awkwardly at
her, trying to knock her down.  She caught him easily in a bear
hug and lifted him from his feet, feeling him kick and struggle. 
Her head spun with this confirmation of her own strength and
power.  She had never had a physical contest with a male before;
always assuming that 'women were weaker.'  But now she was
realizing that this wasn't necessarily true.  And this guy was
going to PAY for this realization!  She squeezed firmly and was
gratified to hear the rush of air leave his lungs.

"Tell me again how I'm JUST a woman," she grunted, mashing the
runt against her wide chest.  The guy worked his mouth, but no
sounds came out.  She crushed him cruelly against her, her
triceps bulging out impressively as her powerful arms tightened
like jungle pythons.  She kept up this intense pressure until he
stopped his kicking and thrashing and just hung limply in her
arms.

Diane repositioned her grip to grab her victim by a leg and arm. 
She then hoisted him above her head, holding him aloft and
helpless.  The guy found his breath and screamed for her not to
drop him.

She savored the sound of his anguished pleas for almost a minute. 
"You are MINE!" she thought triumphantly.  Then she stepped out
from under him, letting him plummet to the hard, carpeted floor
with a resounding THUD.

Before he could raise himself from the floor, she pounced on him,
wrapping her heavily-muscled thighs around his head.  Locking her
ankles, she poured on the pressure  -- watching with pleasure as
his hands grabbed frantically at her legs in a futile effort to
pry them from his head.

Diane leaned back and put some serious strength into the squeeze. 
The man froze, his hands pausing in mid-air with outstretched
fingers before ineffectually coming to rest back on her thighs. 
He couldn't even move!  She kept up the pressure for several
seconds, until her opponent began beating his heels helplessly
against the floor.  The tingle in her crotch had intensified into
a serious, throbbing, electrical field of pleasure.  She was wet
enough that she was sure a growing wet spot must be showing
through her leotards.

She released the guy from her deadly legs and rubbed herself as
she watched him writhe spasmodically on the floor.  God!  She'd
never felt so POWERFUL!  She could do WHATEVER she wanted to this
guy and there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it.  This was
a dream come true: having another human being COMPLETELY in her
power.

"C'mere," she husked, grabbing him by the hair.  She stripped off
the top of her leotard and pushed a large breast into his face. 
"Suck it," she demanded.  The man knelt stupidly in front of her,
his closed mouth pushed against her ample nipple, his eyes glued
to her muscular chest.

"GodDAMMIT!  I said 'SUCK!'" she screamed, pushing his face
between her mammoth breasts.  He began bucking and scrabbling,
trying to escape, but she gripped the back of his head firmly
while squeezing her large mounds tightly around his head.  His
struggles became weaker and weaker until he slumped forward, kept
from falling on the floor only because of how tightly his head
was wedged between her fleshy tits.  Within seconds of his going
limp, Diane felt herself racked by waves of orgasmic pleasure. 
Her knees buckled and she couldn't maintain her hold; the guy
fell backwards, unconscious.

"Holy SHIT," she swore in disbelief.  "I didn't even touch my
cunt and that was THE most intense climax I EVER had."  She
looked down at her fallen foe and rubbed her swollen breasts in
pleasure.  "I can't believe how intensely I got off by dominating
this little shit!" she thought.  "But now that I know ...!"

She grabbed him by the hair and slapped him repeatedly in the
face until he opened his eyes.  He was still gasping for breath,
but stark terror showed in his eyes.

"Need air?" she sneered.  She slipped off one of her large pumps
and, using his hair for leverage, forced his face deeply into the
damp, sweaty, pungent depths of the inside of the shoe.  He
rocked his head feebly, attempting to escape the overpowering,
cloying odor, but she clamped the shoe tightly to his face,
holding it by the bottom so the heel area fit snugly around his
nose and the rest fit firmly around his mouth.  Slumping in
resignation, he stopped struggling and took in the sweaty,
overwhelming aroma through ragged breaths.  Already Diane could
feel the tingling building up in her crotch again.

She made him breath the scent of her well-used shoe for several
minutes, relishing the sight of this man, on his knees, suffering
the humiliation of having his face buried in her large, black
pump.

"Not so tough, now, are you hotshot!?" she demanded.  She pulled
him to his feet and again presented her massive breast.  "Ready
to suck this?" she asked conversationally, "or do I tuck my
panties into your big mouth?"

The man was ready!  He latched onto her nipple and began sucking
furiously.  Holding the back of his head, she forced his face
hard against her breast, enjoying the waves of pleasure his
coerced mouth was bringing her.  She switched his head from
breast to breast for about 10 minutes, savoring the sensations.

"OK, time for something different," she announced.  "I think you
may be enjoying yourself too much.  Let's see what that tongue
can do in other places..."  She lifted one of her massively-
muscled arms.

The twerp was slow to realize what she had in mind.  "You mean? 
Oh n-no! I..."  But Diane wasn't interested in arguments.  Or
what the twerp wanted.  His only purpose in life -- his only
reason for existing, was to please her.

She caught him by the back of the head and forced his face into
her exposed armpit.  "Lick me!" she ordered.  There were some
muffled noises from the twerp, but no licking.  Angrily, she
forced her muscular arm down, crushing the geek's trapped head.

Immediately she felt a frantic tongue, bathing her shaven
armpits, licking away hours of sweat accumulated while she had
worked out earlier.  She thought for sure she was going to come
again, as she continued subjecting this grown man to this kind of
demeaning treatment.  She forced his head under her other arm and
he obligingly provided a tongue bath for that armpit.  Her cunt
was dripping; she could feel juices running down her legs.  But
she wasn't climaxing, yet.

In mounting frustration, she jerked the man's head back, causing
him to fall back on the floor.  In a few rough movements, she
stripped off the confining leotard and stood, towering and naked
before him.  A goddess, rippling with physical power.

"Strip!  And then lie on your back!" she commanded, massaging her
throbbing pussy.  "I have GOT to come and quickly.  And you, Mr
"You're a horse and a lesbian," are going to be the toy that gets
me off."

With trembling fingers, the man undressed and lay obediently on
the carpeted floor.  Like a lioness in heat, she pounced on him,
quickly squatting on his face and entrapping his head between her
powerful thighs.  She saw his hands go to his cock, but quickly
grabbed them and pinned them beneath her strong legs.  All of
this was for HER pleasure, not his!  She looked at the helpless
body of the man she had pinned beneath her.  She could see his
cock, rigid with the pleasure of being used by her, but helpless
to obtain release.  She could feel his mouth, already licking and
sucking at her sopping cunt.  She could feel his nose, buried
between the cheeks of her firm, muscular ass.  This was going to
be good, she thought.

Slowly, she fucked his defenseless face.  She could feel a climax
building in her as the sensations of his slavish tongue swept
over and through her.  His ragged breathing fluttered against her
sensitive asshole and racked her body with erotic sensations of
power and mastery.  Less than an hour ago, this geek had insulted
her, made her feel bad, and implied she was a lesbian.  Now, he
was helplessly squirming, subdued and impotently-excited by the
very sexuality and womanhood he had denigrated.  She was so
close!

She locked her heels under and behind the man's head, forcing his
helpless face even deeper into her gyrating ass and sopping cunt. 
She could no longer feel the ragged breathing against her asshole
as she pressed her crotch down harder on his face; instead, she
was electrified to feel his nose partially forced inside her hot,
pungent asshole.  She could feel his mouth, completely enveloped
by her thick, swollen cunt lips.  His tongue was no longer
working, but she didn't need that anymore as she continued to
sadistically fuck his face.

She was startled to feel something warm and wet spurt against her
heaving, sweaty breasts.  Raising her head, she saw the last jets
of come squirt from the man's engorged cock.  Glancing at his
hands, still firmly pinned by her well-muscled legs, she realized
that this was the final act of control she had wrested from her
humiliated and beaten opponent.  She WAS a REAL woman!  He was
completely helpless, dominated by her overpowering sexuality and
physical prowess!

It only took a few additional minutes of this treatment before he
passed out.  This made no difference to Diane; she was much too
far into her own pleasure.  She continued to rub herself
lustfully on his helpless face.

"He can't breathe," she realized through her fog of lust.  This
didn't dissuade her from continuing her frenzied crushing of his
face with her crotch.  An intensely erotic realization intruded
on her pleasures.

"I could kill him with my pussy and ass," she suddenly thought. 
"A big, strong man like that, snuffed by the power of my groin." 
The realization of this ultimate power of her sex made her head
spin and pushed her to the edge of a truly stupendous orgasm.

Hovering like this, she felt strangely detached.  Intellectually,
she knew she should get off his face and see if she could revive
him before something serious happened.  But another part of her
knew that smothering him with her sex would provide the most
mind-numbing orgasm she had ever experienced!

In the end, her raging hormones decided for her.  Her beaten,
unconscious victim shuddered and twitched.  She could feel a
series of harsh gasps from his mouth and nose against her
dripping cunt and hot, dry asshole.  "This is it!" she thought. 
Her head was spinning and she thought her crotch would explode. 
Then, her fallen foe's body went completely limp.

Immediately, as if his life essence was sucked from his mouth by
her throbbing cunt and sent gushing into her body, she was hit by
an orgasm more intense than she had ever imagined.  She couldn't
contain the feeling and screamed helplessly as her body was
racked with wave after wave of incredible, mindless ecstasy.  She
literally shot cunt juice onto the still, unresponsive face
clenched between her hard, muscular thighs -- almost as if she
were a man, ejaculating onto a lover's face, marking her victim
forever as her's to do with what she would.

She kept her cunt pressed hard against his face until the
unbelievable feelings of pleasure finally ebbed and receded. 
Slowly, grudgingly, awareness returned.  "I did it!" she thought
in amazement.  "I killed a man with my cunt!"  Instead of feeling
guilt, she felt extraordinarily confident and powerful.

She glanced at one of the large mirrors that dotted the walls of
the gym.  What she saw reflected back was a powerful amazon
beauty, exquisite with rippling well-defined muscles, still
straddling her defeated victim with the only weapon she had
needed -- a deadly and intimately personal weapon that marked her
as one of the superior sex.  A warrioress!  She smiled, slowly
rubbing her breasts and relishing the reflected image in the
mirror.  She'd have to dispose of the body, she knew.  But she
also knew that she couldn't live without experiencing that kind
of orgasm again.  The warrioress would have to hunt again, now
that she had tasted the prize!

--
