			_Power_

    Christopher hated going to singles bars. He was a good 
looking guy, if a bit on the skinny side, but he just would 
never feel comfortable going up to a strange woman and 
asking her if she'd like a drink, if she'd like to dance, if 
she'd like to go back to his place, or whatever. He was 
more than a bit on the shy side. 
    But his sex life had been incredibly nonexistent 
recently, and he figured he had nothing to lose, so after 
he got off work at the brokerage house, he figured he 
would check out the new bar that had opened up around 
the corner from his apartment. He hadn't bothered 
changing - aside from the conservative suits he wore for 
work, he didn't have much else in terms of dressy 
clothes, and he didn't think hitting a trendy bar like this 
in jeans and a t-shirt would've been such a hot idea.
    He'd been sitting at the bar for nearly an hour, trying 
to get up the nerve to approach some woman, any 
woman. That's when she walked in. There were some 
attractive women in the joint, but this one took the cake 
by far. She was tall - in the high heels she was wearing, 
she seemed even taller than Christopher's 6' - with the 
most incredible pair of legs he'd ever seen. She was 
wearing what Christopher's friend Joe liked to call "do 
me" clothes: black stockings, leather mini-skirt, tight silk 
blouse, colorful vest, plenty of jewelry, and those stiletto 
heels. Her long blonde hair cascaded off her shoulders as 
she strode purposefully up to the bar and sat down right 
next to Christopher.
    Her perfume was intoxicating, and Christopher felt 
more and more overwhelmed by a desperate need to talk 
to her. As she calmy sipped the marguerita she had 
ordered, Christopher finally worked up his nerve.
   Just as he was about to utter a lame come-on (he was 
still debating between "Come here often?" and "Don't I 
know you?"), she turned to him and said, "You in the 
mood for an adventure?"
    Christopher didn't know what to say. Here was this 
gorgeous woman, maybe the most beautiful he had ever 
seen, and *she* was coming on to *him*. Finally, he 
managed to squeak out, "What did you have in mind?"
    She smiled and said, "You'll find out. Come on." She 
slapped a twenty on the table and told the bartender that 
it was for both of their drinks, then stood up. "Well, are 
you coming or not?"
    Christopher tried to sound as confident as possible, but 
his "Sure" came out pretty weakly. As relieved as he was 
over not having to make the first move, he was 
intimidated by her.
    She grabbed his arm and they headed outside to catch 
a cab. "So, uh," Christopher said in the suavest voice he 
could muster, "your place or mine?"
    "Why don't we try my place this time. There'll be 
plenty of time to see both our places."
    "Okay....." said Christopher. 'Plenty of time?' he thought. 
'What exactly does she have in mind?'
    A cab pulled up and they got in. "227 Clinton Street," 
said the blonde.
    "You know," said Christopher as the cab pulled out into 
the street, "we haven't even been properly introduced. 
I'm Christopher."
    "What a pleasure it is to meet you Christopher. I'm 
Jaqueline." She kissed him gently on the cheek. "Are you 
much on experimenting?"
    "Uhmmm.....I guess," said Christopher, feeling aroused 
and anxious at the same time. "What kind of 
experimentation?"
    "Like I said before, you'll find out," said Jaqueline. She 
had a huge cheshire cat grin across her face. Christopher 
wasn't sure whether to be turned on or nervous. One 
thing was for sure: this was going to be an interesting 
evening.

			   * * * * * *

    Jaqueline lived in a spacious loft that was sparsely 
decorated, at least compared to the apartments of most 
women that Christopher knew.  "Nice place," he said, 
trying to make small talk and see if she would tell him 
what she had in mind.
    "Have a seat," said Jaqueline, and both sat down on her 
plush couch. She took a good long look at him, staring up 
and down his person. "You know, I've always been a 
sucker for a man in a three-piece suit. Is it Brooks 
Brothers?"
    "Yeah, it's kind of the standard uniform on Wall 
Street," said Christopher, feeling a bit more comfortable 
talking about himself.
    Jaqueline started to finger his tie. "You know," she 
whispered in an incredibly sultry voice, "the only thing I 
like more than a man in a three-piece suit is seeing a 
man get out of that same suit. Care to get naked?"
    "Uhm...."
    "Come on," she said, sounding like a mother talking to 
her five-year old son, "please......If you're uncomfortable, 
I'll take off one item of my clothes for each item you lose, 
okay?"
    Christopher was frozen for a moment. Then he thought, 
'What the hell am I so nervous about? Here's a 
spectacularly beautiful woman asking me to take off my 
clothes, and she's willing to take off her clothes, too, and 
I'm thinking about it?!?!'  "Okay," he said, with the first 
real smile he'd had all evening, "but you've gotta keep up 
your end of the bargain."
    "I'm a woman of my word," said Jaqueline.
    So they began. Christopher undid his tie; Jaqueline 
removed her necklaces. He took off his oxford shoes; she 
kicked off her pumps. He ditched his jacket; she took off 
her vest. He slipped off his socks; she rolled down her 
stockings. He undid his vest; she took off her garter belt.  
He pulled of his watch; she took out her earings. They 
were both down to their underwear, and Christopher was 
already experiencing a massive erection. Her figure was 
spectacular.
    He pulled off his t-shirt and she undid her bra. Her 
breasts were perfect - rounded, firm, but not too big so as 
to sag. And finally, the moment of truth. He pushed down 
his boxers, revealing his throbbing manhood to her, and 
she slipped off her panties, revealing a perfect little 
Bermuda Triangle.
    They both stared at each other's naked bodies. 
Christopher practically had to stop himself from drooling 
- this was by far the most incredible looking woman he'd 
ever laid eyes on, naked or otherwise. 
    He moved in close to kiss her, but she pushed him 
away gently.
    "Whoa, tiger, what kind of girl do you take me for?" 
she said with the same wry smile she had worn since 
she'd met him.
    "Well, I just thought, you know, you're naked, I'm 
naked - why don't we be naked together?" 
    "Oh, I don't plan on staying naked for long."
    Now Christopher was confused. "Then what was with 
this whole extended strip-tease?"
     "Well, we needed to get out of our own clothes so we 
could put on each others, silly!"
     Christopher wasn't sure he'd heard her right. "Excuse 
me, what did you just say?"
     Jaqueline started to gather up Christopher's clothes in 
her arms. "Trust me on this one, Christopher. Just do what 
I tell you to do and tonight will be the most incredible 
sexual experience of your life."
     Christopher was becoming extremely nervous. What 
the hell had he gotten himself into? But as she gazed at 
him with those bright blue eyes and that perfect smile, 
he felt his will being sapped away. He couldn't resist her. 
"Okay," he said with more than a hint of trepidation in his 
voice, "what do you want me to do?"
    Jaqueline stepped into his boxers and smiled at him. 
"Look, honey, it's very simple." She dumped his clothes on 
the floor next to her and picked up the pile of her clothes 
and handed them to him. "Just put these on. You saw 
where everything goes, but if you have any problems, 
just let me know."
    "Uh, yeah, sure," he said, without a huge amount of 
confidence in his voice.
    "Look," she said as she pulled his t-shirt on over her 
head so that it just barely obscured those perfect breasts, 
"let me get dressed first and then I'll help you out. You 
look to be about the same size as me, so it shouldn't be 
too hard. And if these don't fit you, I've got closets full of 
clothes. Just sit tight for a minute and let me try on this 
lovely suit of yours."
    "Okay." He sat down on the couch and watched as she 
slowly, as if to add effect, buttoned up his dress shirt. 
Then she inched his pants up her creamy white legs, 
covering up those lucious thighs. Christopher couldn't 
help but feel turned on - it was almost more erotic for 
her to be covering everything up, so that he could 
fantasize about uncovering her again. She slipped on his 
socks and shoes, and then tied his tie in a perfect 
Windsor knot - Christopher had never been able to tie a 
good knot even after years of trying, and here was this 
woman doing it without the slightest difficulty! She 
pulled on the vest, which bulged nicely to accentuate her 
breasts, then buttoned up the suit jacket.
    She walked back and forth in front of him and circled 
around, like a model on a runway. "Well, how do I look?" 
she asked with an enormous smile of power on her face.
    "Fantastic - you sure look better in them than I do." He 
wasn't lying - there was something incredibly erotic 
about watching her parade about in his clothes. This 
woman exuded power ordinarily, and the addition of this 
traditional male outfit just added to that power. It was 
nearly intoxicating.
    "Well, I've always felt that men's clothing is wasted on 
men." She gave him the once-over, and Christopher 
suddenly remembered that he was still naked. "Well," she 
said, "I've gotten dressed, and now it's your turn."
    Now, while the sight of her standing there in his 
clothes was becoming an extreme turn-on, Christopher 
was suddenly anxious about the idea of his having to 
wear hers. "Look, really, I'm okay like this."
    "Now, Christopher, if we're going to be going back out 
on the town, you're going to have to get dressed or we 
could run into some problems with the authorities."
    "Go back out?" Christopher was suddenly starting to 
become very nervous.
    "Of course! I'm going to take you out to dinner."
    "Look, Jaqueline - "
    "Call me Jack. You said you were going to trust me, 
Christopher. Now are you going to get dressed on your 
own or am I going to have to dress you myself?"
     Christopher was suddenly starting to get frightened. 
While the power she was exuding was turning him on, he 
was starting to lose any semblance of control in this 
situation.  "Uhm, maybe I should....."
     Before he knew what was happening, she had shoved 
him onto the couch, gotten on top of him and was forcing 
her panties up his legs. He tried to resist, but she was 
stronger than him and he was pinned. "Jaqueline!"
     "I already told you," she whispered sultrily as she 
pinned his arms back and pulled her bra straps over 
them, "call me Jack."
     He kept trying to resist her, but for some reason, his 
heart wasn't in it. For all his struggling, she was able to 
dress him up in her clothes with ease. Next came the 
stockings, which felt strangely comfortable and warm 
against his bare skin. She strapped them on with the 
garter belt. Then she pulled on the blouse, forced him 
onto his stomach, and buttoned it up in the back. The 
skirt, which zipped up in the back, came next, and by that 
point, he had stopped struggling. She slipped her pumps 
onto his feet - they fit surprisingly well, though he was 
afraid what would happen when he tried to stand on 
them. She slid some bracelets onto his arms, a necklace 
around his neck, and clipped some earings onto his ears.
    Finally, she got off of him and walked silently into the 
other room. She came back with what looked like a 
shaving kit and pulled out various makeup.  He was 
surprisingly calm as she applied lipstick, blush, 
eyeshadow, and nailpolish. She teased his hair up with a 
pick and applied plenty of hairspray so it would stay.
    Jack stepped back to admire her handiwork. "You 
know, Chris, you can look pretty darned cute. Why don't 
you take a look at yourself in the mirror?"
    He stood up. The heels weren't as big a problem as he'd 
been worried about. A much bigger problem was his 
throbbing erection, which was very uncomfortable inside 
the tight mini-skirt he was wearing. He walked over to 
the full-length mirror with little difficulty (he wobbled 
for a moment but quickly got the hang of it) and stared at 
his reflection.
    Well, even with the clothes, makeup, and hair, he still 
probably couldn't pass as a woman, but for some reason 
he liked the way he looked. He had never liked the 
fussiness of men's dress clothing - if it wasn't for his job, 
he would have never worn a suit, ever - and he felt much 
more comfortable in Jack's frillier, feminine attire.
    Jack walked up behind him and gave him a kiss in the 
neck. "You are so beautiful, Chris. I'll be the envy of 
everyone at Chez Luigi."
    That was when Chris remembered Jack saying that 
they were going to go back out.  "Uhm, Jack, this is fun 
and all, but neither of us can especially pass as the 
opposite sex. You'd have to cut your hair and put on a 
fake beard, and I'd need a helluva lot more makeup - and 
a shave."
    "Whoever said anything about trying to pass, Chris? 
When we walk in the doors of the restaurant, we're 
gonna blow everyone's minds." She wrapped her arms 
around him and kissed him on the neck again. "Come on, 
Chris, let's have some fun."

		     * * * * * *

    It was dark by the time they got back out again, and 
the streets in her neighborhood were empty enough that 
they didn't run into anyone while they waited for a cab. 
The cabbie did a double-take when they hopped in, but 
stopped himself before he could say anything that would 
cost him a tip.
    The Maitre'D at Chez Luigi was far less easygoing. The 
minute he saw this odd couple walk through the doors of 
his fine establishment, his face turned ghost-white.
    He turned to Chris. "Can I help you......sir?"
    Jack stood in front of Chris and stared down at the 
little man. "Do you have a problem with my date?" she 
asked, her voice sounding almost threatening.
    The Maitre'D backed down quickly, intimidated by 
Jack's forcefulness. "Uhm, no, not at all.....will the, uh, two 
of you like to sit in smoking or non?"
     "Oh, I don't think we'll be smoking just yet," said Jack 
with that cheshire grin of hers.
     "Very well, then, sir - I mean, ma'am - I mean....."
      Jack was very amused. "Sir will be fine, garcon."
      "Right this way." As he led them to their table, Jack 
and Chris caught the eyes of every single patron of the 
restaurant. Just before they sat down in their booth, Jack 
grabbed Chris, pulled him close to her, gave him a big 
french kiss, and grabbed his rear very noticeably.
      "Don't think about it, guys," said Jack with a bemused 
tone, "this one's all mine."
    Chris had been silent ever since they had left Jack's 
apartment. He was so confused by the way he was 
feeling. He should've felt tremendous embarrassment, 
going out in public dressed like a woman, but he felt 
more aroused than he ever had in his entire life. 
Something just felt right about wearing these clothes - he 
felt whole in a way that he never had before.  And as he 
looked at Jack, acting macho, wearing his clothes, yet with 
her long hair still down and her makeup still on, he felt 
more attracted to her than any woman he had ever met.
    After a few minutes, the crowd at the restaurant 
finally stopped staring at them. Chris felt disappointed. 
He was starting to enjoy the attention. And it was obvious 
that Jack was getting off on all of this.
    "Jack," asked Chris, "do you do this sort of thing a lot?"
    "Let me tell you a little about me, Chrissie. My parents 
were incredibly old-fashioned, and all my life I was 
forced to 'be a lady' - wear prim dresses, be polite to 
everyone, never be agressive with boys. And I hated it. 
The night of my senior prom, after my boyfriend had 
deflowered me and fallen quickly asleep, I found myself 
sitting on the edge of the bed, and all I could think of was 
how men have all the power in relationships and women 
have none. And I realized that I would never be satisfied 
if sex was always going to be like that - with him in 
control and me just expected to lie there and service him. 
And I started to stare at his tuxedo, which he'd carelessly 
tossed on the floor when we got undressed to make love. 
I got the sudden urge to put it on, so I did, and it felt 
right. Then I dressed him up in my prom gown - he was 
such a sound sleeper that he didn't even notice. I climbed 
on top of him, stroked his thigh until he got an erection, 
and began to make love to him. Needless to say, that 
woke him up. And I felt real pleasure for the first time in 
my life - I was in control, and I needed to be in control to 
please myself."
    "How did your date react?"
    "He was a little surprised at first, and then angry, but 
when I threatened to tell everyone at school about it, 
except that it had been *his* idea, he gave in a little bit. 
Since then, I haven't made love except when cross-
dressed. I don't think I would even know how to do it 
any other way at this point." She slid closer in the booth 
towards Chris and reached her hand under his skirt, into 
his panties, and began stroking his penis, which became 
rock hard practically at her first touch. "And let me tell
 you something, Chrissie: I haven't had any complaints 
from my partners so far."
    She continued to move her hand up and down his 
shaft, slowly but tenderly. Chris knew he was going to 
orgasm at any moment, and he was afraid that he 
wouldn't be able to contain himself - that the whole 
restaurant would know. Then he thought to himself, 
'Chris, everybody in this place already thinks you're a 
pervert because of the way you're dressed. You can't 
exactly lower their opinion of you.'
    As the waiter approached, Chris could tell that he was 
about to orgasm.
    The waiter was non-plussed by their attire - his last 
job had been in a gay bar in the Village and he was used 
to people wearing weird outfits. He looked to Chris first. 
"May I take your order....sir?"
    Chris was afraid to talk, for fear that the moment he 
opened his mouth, all that would come out would be 
moans of pleasure. Jack just kept on stroking, that big 
grin on her face. As if she could read Chris' mind, she 
spoke up and ordered for the both of them.
    Finally, Chris couldn't take it anymore, and he came. He 
had to bite his tongue to keep from screaming out.
    Jack was pleased. "You see, Chrissie, it's all about 
power. I have the power to stimulate you, and you're 
powerless to do anything but react. But you're enjoying 
yourself, aren't you?"
    "Yeah. Is there something wrong with me?"
    Jack laughed. "Chrissie, honey, there's not a damn thing 
wrong with you. Let me ask you: do you usually enjoy 
sex?"
    "It's alright, I guess, but it's never really lived up to 
my expectations."
    "That's because you like to be passive - you want 
someone else to be in control, and most women aren't 
used to that. You want someone else to be the agressor. I 
could tell that the minute I walked into that bar - you 
would've just sat there all night and never got the nerve 
up to ask anyone out if I hadn't come up to you."
    "You're probably right."
    Jack smiled. "I know I'm right. And, you know, all of a 
sudden I'm not really in the mood to eat. Are you?"
    "Not if you would rather do what I think you want to 
do."
    "But of course, my dear! Grab your purse, Chrissie - 
let's blow this pop stand."

		 * * * * * *

    They got back to Jack's place about a half hour later. 
Jack put on some Barry White to set a mood, and Chris 
just stared at her. "So, what do we do now?" he asked.
    Jack gave him a long, hard kiss and smiled. "Just relax, 
Chrissie, and let Jack take care of everything." She took 
his hand and led him into the bedroom, then gently 
pushed him onto the bed. Chris started to undress, but 
Jack stopped him. "That would spoil the mood, Chrissie. 
With these clothes off, we're just like any other 'normal' 
couple, and that's just dull."
    "Yeah," said Chris, "but it's gonna be kind of awkward 
making love with our clothes on."
    "Don't worry, honey, I've been doing this for a long 
time. Would you care to dance first?"
    Chris said yes, and they moved close together and 
swayed to the music. Jack led, of course, and as they 
danced, she started to kiss him on the neck, on his cheek, 
on his arms, everywhere.
    "Chrissie, you are about the prettiest thing I've ever 
seen," she said as she held him close to her heaving 
bosom.
    "Why Jack, y'all do say the sweetest things!" said Chris, 
who was finally starting to get into all this role playing. It 
was so much easier for him to act the part of the passive 
female and not have to worry about being in charge of 
everything.
    They continued to dance, until Jack could feel Chris' 
penis, warm and hard, pressing against her stomach. 
"Chrissie, is that a cucumber in your pocket or are you 
just happy to see me?"
    "Both."
    "Good. I think we're ready." She reached her hands 
behind Chris and unzipped his skirt, then pushed it and 
his panties down around his ankles. She lifted him up so 
that his legs were wrapped around her waist and carried 
him over to the bed, where she deposited him roughly. 
Then she unbuckled her trousers, and pushed them and 
her boxers down. Chris could see that her pubic hair was 
glistening - apparently, he wasn't the only one to have 
already orgasmed this evening.
    She whispered into his ear for him to just lay back and 
let her do all the work, then she climbed on top of his 
manhood and slowly slid up and down on it. They were 
both gyrating to the beat of the Barry White music, and 
Chris wanted to orgasm so badly that it hurt. He wanted 
to tell Jack to stop, to tell her to get off so he could relax, 
but he couldn't bring himself to give her orders. She 
began to scream in ecstacy. They both achieved climax at 
the same moment and screamed out in unison. Jack had 
been right: this was the most incredible sex he had ever 
had in his life.
    Even more amazing was the fact that he didn't lose his 
erection right away, as he usually did. Jack wouldn't let 
him - the minute they orgasmed, she climbed off of him 
and began stroking his penis again to keep it from 
becoming flaccid. Chris felt like his erection was going to 
burst through the skin of his penis if he kept it much 
longer, but he wanted to keep on going.
    They kept this up for several hours, until Jack was 
totally satisfied. Sometimes the sex hurt so much that 
Chris wanted to scream out in pain, but Jack wouldn't let 
him - she would always lean in and kiss him, or bite him 
on the lip, or force him to bite down on her tie.
     Finally, after hours of climax after climax, both passed 
out from exhaustion.  When Chris woke up hours later, he 
discovered that he was wearing a frilly pink nightgown. 
He looked over at Jack, who was lying asleep in a pair of 
silk men's pajamas. Apparently, Jack wasn't totally 
dependent on the men in her life for wardrobe - or else, 
she just took what she liked from past boyrfriends and 
kept it. Chris usually slept in the nude, but he felt warm 
and safe in the nightgown, so he decided to keep it on. He 
leaned over and kissed Jack on the cheek and went back 
to bed.

		* * * * * *

    The next morning, when Chris woke up, he saw a new 
men's suit draped over the chair next to the bed with a 
note attached that read: "Chrissie, I have a few extra 
lying around. I wouldn't want you to go to work wearing 
yesterday's outfit."
    He got dressed and walked to the kitchen. Jack was 
wearing a flowery cotton dress. It was almost a shock to 
see her wearing women's clothes again - last night had 
been such an incredible new experience that it seemed 
like forever since they'd met.
     "So," asked Jack, "are you much of a cook?"
     "No, sorry."
     "That's okay, neither am I. We can have cereal."
    So they started to chow down. Chris kept staring at 
Jack - it just seemed unnatural to see her in anything but 
men's clothing at this point.
    Jack seemed to read his mind. "In the daytime, I've 
gotta stick to certain conventions. My boss is so old-fashioned
that he'd probably have a heart attack if I came to work wearing
women's slacks. Besides, it makes it  more erotic when I get changed at
night."
    "Speaking of which," asked Chris, "what would you like 
to do tonight?"
    "Well, I was thinking of going to the opera. It's been a 
while since I've gotten to wear my top hat and tails - they make me look
like Marlene Dietrich. And I have a beaded gown that you would look stunning
in."
    Chris laughed. It had been one day and already he was 
used to the idea of wearing women's clothes at night. "Am 
I gonna have to shave my legs?" he asked with a smile on 
his face.
     "Well, of course you will - it's slit from here to 
Timbuktu! Don't worry - we'll make it a part of foreplay," 
said Jack, and Chris could tell she was serious. He was 
looking forward to it.
     "Jack, this looks like the beginning of a beautiful 
friendship."
     Jack leaned over and kissed him, then started to 
unbutton his clothes. Chris knew that he was gonna be 
late for work, especially if he had to change clothes twice. 
Then again, he wondered what his boss would think if he 
showed up wearing that floral dress....

		     _ The End_
