Archive-name: 3plus/pparty.txt
Archive-author: Passionate Penelope
Archive-title: Party, The


     I awoke to the sound of the telephone.  It was still half 
dark outside my bedroom window and I couldn't help but feel more 
than a little irritated to think that someone was calling at this 
hour.
     Rolling onto my left side, I reached out and unsuccessfully 
tried to pick up the receiver without knocking the phone onto the 
floor.  It served the caller right to have the sound of the phone 
hitting the hardwood floor echo in his or her ear!  Reaching over 
the edge of the mattress I managed to find the receiver with my 
eyes still closed and placed it to my ear.
     "Hmmphello", I mumbled into the phone.
     "God, Penny, you sound like shit!  Come on, it's going to be a 
beautiful day, get with the program!", said the voice on the 
line.  It was my girlfriend, Laurie.
     "It's six o'clock, and have I got a treat for you", she 
continued.
     My curiosity was starting to show more interest than the 
rest of me.  "This had better be better than your last treat.  
You remember, the time you wanted me to get up at 4:30 AM to go 
down to the lake and watch the sunrise.  I still haven't forgiven 
you for that."
     "Oh, it is, it is", she said with a great deal of 
enthusiasm.  "We're going to a party!"
     "You're crazy.  Who in their right mind would go to a party 
at this time of Day?  Shit, it's not even light yet!"
     "No, no, no, you don't get it!  The party's not right now.  
It's later.  It's this afternoon!  We've got to get ready!  It's 
sort of a costume party and we have some shopping to do."
     "I hate costume parties", I sleepily replied.
     "You'll like this one.  It's a hooked party!  All the women 
are supposed to dress like hookers or street walkers!  C'mon, 
it'll be fun", Laurie pleaded.  "Let's at least go to the party 
and if you really hate it, we can leave.  I  promise."
     "OK, OK, give me a half hour and come over.  We'll talk 
about it then."
     "OK, love.  See you in thirty minutes!  Bye!."
     The line went dead.  I absolutely hate that kind of 
enthusiasm this early in the day.  It's downright depressing.  
I'm basically a night person and being up and around at this time 
of day was all but unknown to me.
     I lay back and stretched.  I ran my hands down my body and 
except for one small area, I was happy with what I found.  I 
really needed a shave.  My pubis was starting to develop a little 
five o'clock shadow and needed a touch up with a razor.  Maybe I 
can have Laurie do it for me later.  It wouldn't be the first 
time she'd done that for me.  In fact, Laurie was the one who 
first convinced me to try shaving my pubes, and, surprisingly, I 
liked the way it looked and felt.
     After a few minutes, I rose and put on a robe.  Stumbling 
into the kitchen, I fumbled around making the coffee.  That's not 
an easy thing to do when your eyes are still half closed.  Well, 
if the coffee tasted like shit, it wasn't my fault.  I never 
really function this early in the day and I figured that if 
Laurie didn't like the coffee, she could just make it over.
     I sat at the kitchen table and shakily lighted a cigarette.  
I mostly just stared at the thin stream of smoke from the 
cigarette while I waited for the coffee to finish.  I really need 
my caffeine fix to get my brain functioning.
     Just as the coffee was ready I heard Laurie pull up the 
drive in her little MG Midget.  She really loved that car.  I 
don't think I've ever seen it with the top up, and as I looked 
out the window, I saw that it was down now, too.  As Laurie 
stepped out of the car, I saw her grab a small suitcase and start 
toward my back door.  Evidently we were going to spend the entire 
time before the party together.
     Laurie tapped on the glass of my back door with her long 
fingernails and I shuffled over to open it for her.
     As Laurie stepped into the kitchen, I couldn't help but 
wonder how anyone can look that good this early in the day.  
Laurie's 28 years old and is taller than average, about five feet 
ten inches.  She has shoulder length light brown hair that is 
always a mass of waves.  Her figure is one of the best I have 
ever seen, her breasts being her best feature.
     "Hi good-lookin!", she said cheerfully, dropping her 
suitcase near the door and making a bee-line to the coffee pot.  
"We're in for a real treat today", Laurie continued.  "I'm not 
going to give you all the details because I don't know all of 
them yet, but from what I already know, this is going to be a 
very different kind of party and I want us to look and act the 
part."
     "OK", I replied.  "Come over to the table and tell me more 
about it.  You've piqued my interest and I really wouldn't mind 
doing something a little out of the ordinary, even if it does 
mean being out of bed at the crack of dawn.  Now, what's the 
story?"
     While Laurie was doctoring up her coffee with cream and 
sugar, I watched her from the back.  Today she was wearing a 
white blouse tied at the midriff and very much cut off jeans.  
The outfit did a lot to emphasize her shape.  Laurie has a very 
nice rear and the longest legs in the world and her choice of 
shorts showed them off to very good advantage.  I could feel my 
pulse quicken a bit as I remembered how good she looked without 
the blouse and shorts.  She was the first woman that I had been 
sexually intimate with and when she dressed this way I always 
feel a little desire for her.
     "Will you please hurry up with that and tell me more about 
what you've gotten us into, this time", I said with a bit more 
enthusiasm than I had felt earlier.
     Laurie walked to the table.  "OK, OK already!  Hold your 
water! I'll give you all you need to know right now."
     "I wish you would.  First you wake me out of a sound sleep 
and now you take forever before you tell me why," I chuckled.
     "Ok, here's the deal.  You remember that bar that I told you 
I go to a lot, the one where the ladies of easy virtue hang out?"
     "Yes," I replied with more than a little scepticism in my 
voice.
     "Well, I was in there last night and I started talking to a 
few of the men I've met there, not all of them are there looking 
for hookers.  We were discussing some of the working girls that 
frequent the place and the guys said that they had wanted to 
partake of their charms on more than one occasion but they were 
afraid that they might get more than they paid for.  You know, 
one or more of the "social diseases" that are going around."
     "As we talked, one of the men said that one of the things 
that made the ladies so appealing to him was that a man didn't 
have to worry about being rejected or turned away by one of them.  
If a man wanted something a little different, all he had to do 
was ask for or demand it.  He also said that the way most of them 
dress is a real turn-on."
     "Anyhow, as we talked, the idea for a party or something 
started to grow.  What was decided was that all the women who 
attend the party would dress like hookers and as much as 
possible, act like them.  I thought the idea was very 
interesting.  I kind of like the idea of trying the life without 
actually having to live it.  Neat, huh?"
     I was more than a little sceptical about the idea. "Just how 
far are we expected to go in this little masquerade?  The general 
idea appeals to me, but I'm not sure about the idea of putting 
myself in those surroundings.  How do I know that one or more of 
the men there won't get a little carried away and start to act as 
if you or I am really a street walker?"
     Laurie rolled her eyes in mock exasperation, "Oh, c'mon, you 
know as well as I that they couldn't ask either of us to do much 
that we haven't done before and enjoyed it.  We're not going to 
be the only women there, either.  It's not going to be a big 
group, but there will be other women there to take some of the 
pressure."
     "OK, I'll give it a try, but you have to promise me that if 
things start to get out of hand, we'll leave."
     "All right, I promise, but you have to promise me that you 
won't be over sensitive.  These guys all like sex and I'm sure 
that we'll get propositioned more than once.  Who knows, maybe 
we'll both enjoy ourselves more than we think."
     "Well, listen", I said, "I've got to shower and put on my 
face if we're going to hit the stores this morning.  I don't 
think I've got anything sleazy enough to wear to a hooker party.  
I've got plenty of party clothes, but I really don't think any of 
it is appropriate for the "street walker" look.  See you in a 
bit."
     I left Laurie in the kitchen to finish her coffee while I 
showered and dressed.  In the bathroom I pinned up my hair and 
put my razor in the shower so I could get rid of my five o'clock 
shadow.  I let the water run until it was good and hot, then 
stripped off my robe and nightgown.  I entered the shower and 
just leaned back against the wall to let the spray wash over me.
     I didn't hear the bathroom door open or close, but suddenly 
the shower curtain slid aside and there stood Laurie.  She was 
already naked and she stepped into the shower with me.  "I just 
thought I'd give you a hand washing your back, or whatever.  Turn 
around and I'll get started."
     I turned around and Laurie began soaping my back.  She 
started with my shoulders and slowly worked her way down to the 
backs of my thighs.  It felt wonderful and I wondered just how 
far this was going to go.  Her hands worked all over my back and 
gradually found their way around to the sides of my body.
     With closed eyes, I leaned back slightly and felt Lauries 
erect nipples brush my back.  She reached around me and cupped 
both of my breasts in her soapy hands.  Her hands ran down my 
body and followed the contours of my pubic mound.  "Oh," she 
said, "you do need a little touch up.  I'll take care of it in a 
few minutes.  You just relax and let me do all the work.  After 
all, I did wake you pretty early and you need your rest."
     Laurie's hands returned to my breasts and began kneeding 
them gently. She teased my nipples with her thumbs until they 
stood at full attention.  I moaned a little as she pinched and 
squeezed my them with her soapy fingers.
     "This isn't getting you very clean, I better start scrubbing 
again," she whispered in my ear.
     While still reaching around me with her left arm, Laurie 
began softly running her right hand over my ass.  Her left hand 
was busy caressing my right breast as her right began working up 
and down the valley between my cheeks.  "See, I am good for 
something; I can get to all those hard to reach places for you.  
We're going to meet a lot of new people today and I want you to 
be absolutely perfect for them.  They said they were making plans 
for some very special games at the party and you never really 
know just what might develop."
     While still running a soapy finger through the cleavage 
between my ass cheeks, Laurie began to kiss and nibble on my left 
ear.  She knew this always gets me turned on and she took full 
advantage of my weakness.  
     As her right hand worked it's way even lower I began to 
respond by swaying my hips and pushing slightly against her hand.  
Her finger found my anus and started to rub it with increasing 
pressure.  Slowly I relaxed and Laurie's finger slid slowly into 
my ass.  "I want to clean you both inside and out", she 
whispered.
     At this point I leaned forward and braced myself against the 
back wall of the shower with my outstretched hands.  Laurie 
brought her left hand down and caressed my pubis with it as she 
began to work even harder on my anus with her right.  She had her 
entire finger inside me and was sliding it in and out as if it 
were a little cock and she was sodomizing me.  
     I felt my anus begin to stretch even more; she was trying to 
get a second finger inside me!  "I don't think it'll fit", I 
said, "I'm not big enough to take more than one at a time."
     "Don't worry", she cooed, "I know what I'm doing and you can 
take a lot more than two of my small fingers."
     With a little squeal of discomfort, I felt her second finger 
slide deeply into my anus.  Her right hand had found my clit and 
she stroked and teased it as she pumped her fingers in my ass.  I 
pushed back and tried to get her even deeper into me.  "Why you 
dirty bitch," she giggled, "you really like this, don't you?"
     "No", I groaned, "I hate it and I'll give you a half hour to 
stop!  Of course I like it, I'm just about ready to come, so shut 
up and keep fucking my asshole!"
     "Oh, I don't want you to come, yet", Laurie said.  "I've got 
something special planned for you before you come all over me.  
First, though, I want to shave your pussy and then I promise you 
that I'll make you come, OK?"
     "OK, anything you want, I'll do, you know that.  Shave me 
now, I want to come so badly that I can hardly stand it!"
     Laurie removed her fingers from my ass and took the shower 
massage head and rinsed my body with the spray.  "Sit on the back 
ledge of the tub and spread your legs as far as you can. I want 
to be able to get at all of you."
     I eagerly complied.  I sat on the wide ledge and placed my 
left foot up on the edge of the tub while keeping myself in this 
position with my right.  I was totally exposed and open for 
whatever Laurie had in mind for me.  My heart was still racing in 
anticipation as she began to lather up my pubis.
     She took her time with the lather, working it into all the 
folds and crevices of my labia.  Laurie took a lot longer than 
was really necessary and I loved it!  She concentrated 
particularly on the valley that split my mons.  Her fingers 
touched and slid over my clit.  I leaned my head back against the 
wall and was lost in the sensations that were flooding my private 
regions.
     Soon I felt the gentle tug of the razor on my pubes.  Laurie 
took her time and very, very slowly removed every hair from my 
exposed pussy.  She tugged the flesh taught so she could get into 
every little nook and cranny.  When I was clean and smooth, 
Laurie rinsed my still spread pussy with the spray head and I 
felt little ripples of pleasure course through my body as the 
pulsing water hit my clit.
     "Don't move", she said, "I'm not quite done yet.  Stay here 
while I get the baby oil.  It'll soothe your pussy and make you 
feel even better."
     Laurie stepped out of the tub and quickly returned with a 
bottle of baby oil.  She must have planned for this, as I don't 
have any baby oil in the house.
     When she stepped into the tub she knelt between my spread 
legs and put a little of the oil on my pubis.  She worked the oil 
into all the folds and I started feeling the onset of a shattering 
orgasm.  My eyes were closed and I was lost in the flood of 
pleasure that was flowing through me.
     Just as I was about to reach my peak, Laurie stopped.  I 
opened my eyes to see why and saw that she had taken the some of 
the oil in the palm of one hand and was now rubbing her hands
together, covering them completely with the lubricant.
     "Now I'm going to give you a very special kind of massage", 
she whispered.  "Just lean back, close your eyes, and enjoy it"
     I did exactly as she told me and quickly felt her left hand 
start to again caress my mons.  Her thumb found the valley and 
again started to press against my clit.  I spread my legs as far 
as they could possibly go.  Her right hand went to the opening of 
my love channel and I felt her slide several fingers into me.
     The pressure on my clit increased and I moaned, "Give me 
more, I want to be filled!"
     Laurie gave me more, all right.  She had all four fingers of 
her right hand deep into my cunt and began to work her right 
thumb into my ass once again.  As much as possible, I pushed back 
against her hand.  I wanted this to never stop.
     Laurie's thumb slid out of my ass and I felt the pressure on 
my cunt begin to increase.  I thought at first that I had gotten 
tighter in the onset of my orgasm.
     Suddenly I felt my cunt filled as it had never been filled 
before.  I moaned and bucked at the new feeling.  I opened my 
eyes a little and saw that Laurie had oiled her right hand for a 
very good reason; she had slid her entire hand into my cunt!  
Looking down at her I could see that she had her hand inside me 
all the way to the wrist.
     Now she started turning her arm and moving her fingers 
inside me.  I was about to explode!  I never thought I would get 
to this height of excitement!  
     I came.  I came hard!  I felt the muscles of my cunt 
contract and squeeze Laurie's hand.  The muscles in my thighs 
contracted and started quivering; I had never come this hard 
before.  I screamed and started crying with the intensity of my 
orgasm.  I came often and for a long time.  I twisted and 
squirmed on her hand and she kept pumping it into me, all the 
while keeping an evil grin on her face.
     Laurie gently slid her hand from my cunt. She then began 
slowly stroking the insides of my thighs, bringing me slowly back 
from my sexual high.  God, but she was good!
     "Did you like that?  I was a little afraid to try it with 
you, but decided to take a chance.  That's always been one of my 
favorite ways to get off with another woman, and I've been dying 
to try it on you."
     I reached down and took one of her hands in mine, "Anytime 
you want to get in a little practice, just let me know.  That's a 
trick I wouldn't mind learning myself", I said quietly.
     Laurie stepped out of the tub, dried off, and again dressed 
in her short cut-offs and tied blouse.  "C'mon, we've got to get 
going.  It's almost ten o'clock and we've got some shopping to do 
before we're ready to go."
     I quickly rinsed the film of oil from my pussy and got out 
of the tub.  It only took me a few minutes to dress and I found 
Laurie again sitting in the kitchen sipping coffee.
     "Well, what are we planning to shop for", I asked.  "I know 
you must have something in particular in mind or you wouldn't be 
so insistant on starting right away."
     "You saw the suitcase I brought with me.  Inside I have all 
the things I need for the party, but I'm sure that being as 
conservative as you are, you don't have anything sleazy enough to 
wear.  I thought we'd hit that lingerie shop at the mall and then 
see what we could find in revealing clothes for you to wear over 
the sexy underthings."
     "Hey, I'm not as conservative as you may think!  I've been 
known to occasionally forgo pantyhose for nylons and garters once 
in a while.  I kind of like feeling cheap and sleazy every now 
and then", I replied.
     "Hey, I'm not talking Hanes and Jockey shorts here.  We've 
got to look the part or we'll miss out on half the fun.  I've 
seen how these girls dress and I'm sure that you don't have 
anything that even comes close to being appropriate.  Trust me, 
I'll take care of you", was Laurie's answer.
     "OK, let me get my plastic cash and we can go.  I'm sure 
after what we just did that I'm in good hands!"
     The drive to the mall was short and we spent the time 
comparing notes on men and women we both knew.  I was a little 
surprised to find out how many intimate contacts we had in 
common, both male and female.
     When we arrived at the mall Laurie said,  "Now let me do the 
work here.  I know just how you need to look, so just trust me 
when I tell you to buy something.  I've seen how the girls look 
in the bar where these guys hang out and I want us to look as 
much like those girls as possible.  Remember, the girls that hang 
out there aren't high class call girls, they're hookers and like 
to show off what they have to offer."
     We pulled into a parking stall close to the main entrance to 
the mall.  "Laurie, don't get offended, but I have to ask you a 
rather personal question."
     "I'm not easily offended, so ask away, love."
     "Well, you seem to know an awful lot about how these girls 
look and act.  Is any of this from first hand experience?  Don't 
get me wrong, it's really none of my business, but I'd really 
like to know if you've ever "sold your charms", so to speak."
     "Hey, once in a while it's kind of hard to make ends meet so 
on a few occasions I've been known to rent myself out for a few 
hours.  It's also a terrific turn-on for me.  When I agree to go 
with a man for money, I figure he owns me for a period of time 
and I have to do anything and everything he wants.  So far I 
haven't been hurt or anything like that, and I've learned more 
than a few new tricks from my customers."    
     "That little trick I did with you in the shower this morning 
was something I learned from a guy I was with.  He said that he 
always wanted to see his wife get fist fucked by another woman so 
he hired me to give it a try.  His wife is very Bi and he just 
sat back and watched as we turned each other inside out.  He got 
his money's worth, his wife was happy, and I learned a new trick 
as well as picked up a few dollars.  Since then we've been 
together a few more times for free."
     "OK," I said, "thanks for being so honest.  I have to 
confess that I had suspicions for quite a while, but never had 
the courage to bring up the subject.  Let's go get the things I'm 
going to need."
     Walking to the entrance Laurie said that we would first shop 
for the "proper" lingerie for me to wear.  I knew there was a 
large lingerie shop in the mall as I had spent more than a few 
dollars there in the past few months.
     "We're going to visit 'Feminine Finery' first", she said.  
"They have a really good selection of sleazy underwear and we 
have to start at the bottom and work our way up.  Gotta lay a 
good foundation, you know."
     "OK, I'm totally in your hands", I replied.
     "Not yet, but maybe later you'll know how right you are", 
was Laurie's reply.  I didn't quite know how to take that remark.
     When we entered the lingerie shop the young clerk greeted us 
saying, "Hello, Laurie, back so soon?  I see you've brought a 
friend this time.  I think I've seen her in here before, but I 
never caught her name."
     "Hi, Marian, you know how I love sleazy underwear.  This is 
my friend, Penny.  She's very badly in need of some sexy lingerie 
for a rather special occasion, so here we are."
     "Well, you know my stock as well as I do, so go right ahead 
and help yourselves.  Let me know if there's something you want 
that you can't find."
     "Ok, thanks, Marian.  C'mon, Penny, lets start getting your 
uniform together.  We'll start with the proper hosiery.  I 
already have an idea of how you should look, so just follow 
along, OK?"
     I told her, "Sure, I guess you're the boss on this one.  
This is just like when my mother used to take me shopping when I 
was a small girl.  Just don't make me look like a clown, OK?"
     "Hey, if you do end up looking a little like a clown, I 
guarantee that no one at the party will laugh at you.  Let's go."
     Our first stop was at the display of stockings.  We compared 
several different styles and Laurie finally picked two pairs of 
black nylons with very lacy tops.  Almost as an afterthought, I 
grabbed two similar pairs in white, you never know when they'll 
come in handy.
     "Ok, now, how are you set for garter belts?"
     "Well, I have a couple, but they're really not very sexy.  I 
bought them as regular street wear and not for show, so I guess 
we'd better look at some more sexy ones", I replied.
     "OK, they're over here, c'mon".  
     I was impressed at the selection of garter belts the store 
had in stock.  They had everything from the basic, utilitarian 
kind designed to keep your nylons up to a few that were made to 
look like leather.
     Laurie picked up several and handed one of them to me.  
"Here, hold this one up to your hips, I want to get an idea of 
how it'll look."
     I took the belt and held it up to my waist.  It, too, was 
black and was mostly lace.  The four garters had little lace bows 
over the clasps.  I kind of liked it, pretty, but sleazy and 
feminine.
     "Here, try this one", Laurie said as she handed me another.
     This one was much like the first, except that it had six 
garters and was quite a bit briefer than the first.  I held it up 
to my waist.
     "I think that's the one", said Laurie.  "But fasten it 
around your hips so I can see how it'll look when you have it 
on."
     When I put it on, Laurie reached over and tugged it into a 
position a little lower than I would have expected to wear it.  
"Don't forget, this will act as the frame for a pretty picture.  
You want to wear it low so as to draw more attention to your 
pussy."
     "Ok, you're my fashion co-ordinator, so whatever you say is 
fine with me.  Do I get to wear a bra, or am I going to swing 
free this afternoon?"
     "Oh, you'll wear a bra, alright, after all, packaging a 
product right is half the sale."
     "That's right, I had forgotten that you are an expert in 
this type of merchandising.  Package me good, boss!"
     Our next stop was the "panty bar".  There was a larger 
selection here than anywhere else in the store.  It took us a 
little while to find a pair that Laurie liked, but eventually she 
decided on a pair that wouldn't have covered my pubic hair, if I 
had any.  They weren't much more than a G-string.  The front was 
all lace and provided only minimal coverage.  The back wasn't 
there at all, only a narrow ribbon that would ride between my 
cheeks.  I liked them well enough to pick a few extra pairs in 
different colors.
     Our final selection was from the bra department.  These, 
too, Laurie had me hold up to my breasts to see how they would 
look.  I must have tried a dozen different bras before she 
selected one that she thought was right.  It was also mostly lace 
and I knew that it would do little to conceal anything 
underneath.  The most it would do would be to make my nipples 
look like dark shadows against the skin of my breast.
     "You know, Laurie, wearing some of these things, I might as 
well be naked!  I think this is the first time I ever shopped for 
and bought clothes with the sole purpose of making a man's cock 
stand straight up."
     "Shit", she replied, "you're even starting to think like a 
hooker!  Good girl, keep it up!  Let's get this stuff paid for 
and then we can get the rest of your outfit.  I'm sure that you 
don't have anything at home that will do justice to the things we 
just picked out."
     We took our selection to Marian and I paid for the new 
lingerie.  "I don't know if you two know about it yet, but 
there's another new store that just opened in this mall.  You may 
want to check it out.  It's primarily aimed at the teenage girls 
taste in clothes, but you may find something that will go with 
all this stuff.  They more or less specialize in the "punky" 
look, with all the extremely short skirts and very revealing 
blouses.  From the look of the lingerie you picked out, they may 
have just what you're looking for to finish your outfit."
     "Well", I said,"it looks like I'll be able to finish all my 
shopping without even leaving the mall if you're right.  We'll 
definitely check it out.  Thanks."
     By now it was almost eleven o'clock and there were quite a 
few more shoppers walking through the mall.  This is one of my 
favorite places.  I can just sit on one of the benches and watch 
the people for hours on end.  Most of the time I don't watch 
either sex in particular, but today, as Laurie and I looked for 
the new store, I kept looking at the men and wondering how each 
one would react to seeing me in my new lingerie.  I could picture 
myself giving a little show to slowly reveal my new underthings 
as I stripped in front of a group of them.  I felt a familiar 
dampness develop between my thighs and could hardly wait to get 
to the party.
     It wasn't too difficult to locate the store we were looking 
for.  It had the strangest window display in the mall.  The 
display consisted of various manniquins dressed in pieces of 
clothing that had absolutely nothing in common.  There were 
mannequins wearing lace corsets with blue jeans and a feather 
boa, a leather jacket with a ruffled skirt, and all of them had 
the most outrageous hair I had ever seen.  I guess I'm a little 
too old to identify with having orange and green hair!  I have to 
admit that I had a difficult time restraining a chuckle as I 
looked at the display of bizarre clothing.
     As we looked in the window, Laurie said to me, "Don't panic.  
It won't take us very long to get what you need in there!  Mostly 
it's just a matter of finding a skirt that's so short it barely 
covers your ass and a blouse that doesn't hide your tits.  C'mon, 
let's go."
     The interior of "Feminine Finery" was mostly softly lit and 
filled with pastel colors.  This place was filled with flashing 
neon and clashing colors and styles.  It almost hurt my eyes to 
enter the place!
     The salesgirl had a blue roostercomb hairdo.  She was 
chewing gum.  She had a safety pin through her ear.  I was more 
than a little uneasy.
     "Hi", said Laurie to the salesgirl, "we're looking for a 
really short skirt.  You know the kind, not much more than a wide 
belt."
     "Uh, over there", the clerk said, pointing to the far side 
of the shop.
     "Uh, thanks", responded Laurie.  Under her breath she said 
to me, "God, I can't hardly stand all the charm and enthusiasm 
here!  With this kind of hard sell, we may end up buying more 
than we want!"  She chuckled all the way over to the skirt 
display, and I did, too.
     It took about one minute for Laurie to find a skirt for me.  
It was black and couldn't have been more than twelve inches long.  
Now I don't mean just the skirt part, I mean the whole thing, 
from top of the waist band to the bottom of the hem!  I wore 
longer skirts than this one when I was eight years old!
     "Please let me pick out the blouse, you're having all the 
fun", I said.
     "Ok, but I get the final approval", was Laurie's answer.
     We found the display of blouses quickly and I was surprised 
to see that quite a few of them were really very nice.  I always 
spend a lot of time picking out a blouse.  I like to find 
something that shows off my breasts and narrow waist, but that 
doesn't make me look like I'm flaunting myself.  
     I worked my way from one end of the rack to the other.  
Several of the blouses fit my tastes very well, but Laurie felt 
that they weren't in the "spirit" of the occasion.  Finally I 
found one that we both liked.  It was white, cut like a tunic, 
and closed with only a wrap around tie belt.  It wasn't quite as 
revealing as Laurie might have wanted, but it did provide easy 
access for anyone who was interested in getting to the goodies 
inside.
     Again, we paid for my purchase and quickly left the store.
     We had no more time to do any shopping.  We had to get back 
to my home to start getting ready for the party.  I could feel 
my sense of excitement and anticipation begin to grow.  I've 
always liked going to parties where I would meet new people.  For 
me, it was especially fun if I knew no one at the party at all.  
I could be anyone I wanted to be and act any way I wanted.  
Chances were that I would never see any of the others there again 
and I didn't really have to worry about what they thought about 
me.  I felt as if today's get-together was going to be one of 
those.
     On our drive home, Laurie kept telling me that I should kind 
of forget that I am a pretty conservative person.  We aren't 
going to be the only females there and that a couple of the other 
women would be real hookers.  The idea behind this was that it 
was a sure bet that some of the guys would want to "sample" some 
of the goodies at the party and that the hookers were there to 
take care of them.  Also, some of the guys really preferred to 
pay for their sex as that assured them that they would get 
anything they wanted.
     As soon as we arrived at my home Laurie said, "Ok, now give 
me your new skirt and a sewing kit so I can fix it.  It's good, 
but it could be even better.  What it needs is a bit of a slit up 
the side.  I'll do it for you while you get into your makeup and 
underwear.  I'll get ready as soon as you're finished.  It won't 
take me long, I'm not going to be wearing that much!"
     "All right", I replied, "but just remember, we'll be in 
public until we get to this party of yours and I don't want to 
get arrested for indecent exposure!  How do you think my makeup 
should look, nice or cheap?"
     "Nice and cheap!" was her reply.  "Now go get ready so we 
can get out of here!" 
     I found the sewing kit and left it with Laurie while I went 
to dress.  I did my makeup first and by the time I finished with 
it I thought I looked the part.  I had on more makeup than I 
usually wear and spent a lot of time making my eyes look as 
though they were darker and much larger than they were.  I chose 
a deep red lipstick and made sure that it was on heavy enough to 
make my lips really stand out.  It felt more than a little weird 
to be wearing this much makeup, but what the hell, I'd probably 
never be seeing any of the others at the party again!
     I went into my bedroom to finish dressing.  First came the 
stockings and garter belt.  When they were on I sat on the edge 
of the bed and ran my hands up the insides of my thighs.  I liked 
the way they felt just above the stocking tops.  I always feel 
more than a little naughty when I wear stockings, the way they 
make me feel just a little naked under my clothes.  The six 
garters on my belt held a gentle pressure on my thighs and 
buttocks, kind of like gentle finger pressure.
     Next I chose the black lace panties to wear over the garter 
belt.  The panties just barely covered my pubic mound and the 
center string nestled nicely into the cleavage of my rear.  I 
noticed that when I pulled up slightly on the front of the 
panties the small front panel would slide into my slit and expose 
my outer lips quite nicely.
     I stood and looked at myself in the full length mirror that 
hangs on the back of my bedroom door.  What a sight!  I ran my 
hands down my hips and over my thighs.  My breasts were still 
uncovered and my nipples were as erect as I had ever seen them!  
I pulled up on the front of my panties and felt the lacy fabric 
make contact with my clit.  I reached down and gave it a little 
stroke and it was all I could do to keep from bringing myself to 
climax right now.  Just the sight of myself and the feelings that 
my mode of dress brought out made me want to bring myself to 
orgasm.
     I laid on the bed and ran my hands over my breasts.  My 
nipples were so hard they almost ached!  I gently ran my fingers 
over them making my nipples flip between my fingers.  I pinched a 
nipple with the fingers of one hand while the other went down to 
caress the smooth skin of my pussy.  One finger stroked my clit 
and soon I had a powerful orgasm.  God, this was getting to be a 
good day!
     "Hey, if you're finished petting your pussy in there, come 
on out and try on the skirt!", I heard Laurie call from the 
kitchen.
     I jumped out of the bed and grabbed my new bra and headed 
for the kitchen, my breasts bouncing as I walked.
     "Well, look at you!  If we didn't have to get going soon, I 
think I'd eat you right here and now!", said Laurie as I entered 
the room.
     I blushed a little and quickly put on my bra as Laurie 
handed me my skirt.  When I put the skirt on I was very surprised 
to see how little it covered.  The hem was just low enough to 
cover my crotch and everyone would have a very good look at my 
legs and the skin above my stockings.  Laurie had also done more 
than put a "bit" of a slit in the side.  She had opened the side 
almost all the way to the waist band!  It was almost as if I had 
wrapped a small, black hand towel around my hips.  Whenever I 
took a step a very sizeable portion of my hip and outer thigh was 
exposed to daylight.  I felt as if I was wearing nothing at all 
on my bottom!
     "Very nice", said Laurie.  "I think you just may be the 
"Belle of the Ball" today."
     "I'm glad you like it.  I feel a little nervous about going 
out in public, though.  I'm really not a hooker and I'm sure that 
everyone who sees me in this outfit will think that I am.  I'll 
just die if anyone from work happens to be at the party or sees 
us on the way."
     "Don't worry about it.  If anyone does see you, you can just 
plead temporary insanity and let it go at that!  Now, go put on 
your blouse and shoes while I get ready.  See ya in a sec."
     I did as I was told and waited for Laurie in the living room 
until she finished changing.  She was right, it didn't take her 
long at all to get changed.  When she joined me in the living 
room she was wearing pretty much the same thing as I was except 
that instead of a blouse, she was wearing a very lacy basque 
above her short skirt.  Her skirt, like mine, did nothing to hide 
her thighs.
     "See", she said, "we look almost like sisters!  The only difference
is that I want to be ready for all the action when it begins.  Look at
this!"  With this she raised her skirt and showed me that she had on
nothing at all under the skirt except her garter belt.  She had also
trimmed her pubic hair so short that it absolutely nothing to hide her
lower lips.  I started getting a little wet just at the thought of diving
into that lovely triangle.
     "C'mon we better make tracks.  We've got a bit of a drive ahead of
us.  The party is at the home of one of the guys and he lives way the hell
out in the boonies.  It seemed like a good idea to hold the get-together
out a ways in order to avoid having trouble with any neighbors.  Things
may get a little noisy and we don't want to end up in jail just for having
fun."
     "Ok", I replied.  "Just let me get my purse and stuff and I'll be
ready to go."
     Again we slipped into Laurie's MG and we were on our way.  It felt a
little weird to be out in public looking as I did.  I looked and felt just
like a street walker and have to admit that I kind of liked the feeling! 
I could now see why Laurie was so excited about going this afternoon. 
When we pulled out of my driveway, I tried to leave all my sexual
inhibitions at home.  I didn't know when and if I would have another
chance at an experience like this and I was determined to make the most of
it.
     The drive through town was marked by several strange looks from the
"civilians".  The most interesting of these was when we pulled up next to
a full city bus at a stop light.  Here we were, sitting in an open car
looking like full fledged hookers, with about a million people looking
down on us from the bus windows.  Laurie decided to have a little fun with
them and raised her skirt just far enough to show that she had on nothing
underneath.  There were a few hoots and catcalls from the younger men on
the bus.
     "You wanna have some fun?" asked Laurie.
     "I thought that's what this was all about!  Of course, I wanna have
some fun.  What do you have in mind?"
     "Well, I really could use a little gas in the car.  Let's stop at a
gas station and give the attendant a little show. Just follow my lead,
Ok?"
     "Ok with me, let's go!"
     Shortly we pulled into a Chevron station and we were the only
customer.  At the sound of the drive bell, the attendant came out to the
car and asked what we wanted.  His face went through several different
expressions when he saw how we were dressed.  He couldn't have been more
than 18 or 19 years old and looked like the kind of kid that made love to
his hand every night.  Well, he'd have something to think about for
tonights lovemaking to five finger Mary!
     Laurie told him to fill the tank and be sure to clean the
windshield.  He filled the tank quickly and almost ran up to the front of
the car to get busy on the glass.
     As soon as he reached the front of the car, Laurie reached across to
the glove compartment and acted as if she was looking for something
inside.  As she leaned across, she spread her legs just enough to move her
skirt high enough to expose her nearly hairless pussy to the attendant. 
She stayed in this position for almost a full minute before she sat
upright again.  The young boy was scrubbing the glass like his life
depended on it!  
     Laurie was sitting upright again when the attendant finished her side
of the glass and moved around to mine, but she wasn't finished with her
little show yet.  As she sat there, she very demurely put her hands in her
lap.  With the fingertips of her left hand she started to very lightly,
and absent mindedly tease the edges of her pubic mound pubic mound. 
     I thought the boy's eyes would pop out of his head!  I looked down at
his crotch and saw that he had a tremendous erection.  It looked like it
filled the front of his pants all the way up to his navel!  I also noticed
that as he leaned across the fender to reach the center of the windshield,
he was rubbing his cock on the side of the car.
     I know it was anything but ladylike, but I just had to reach out and
touch his beautiful cock, so I did.  He must have jumped a mile when my
fingers made contact!
     Laurie looked up at him and said, "You've done an exceptional job in
servicing us and I'd really like to make payment arrangements!  Let's go
inside and discuss it, OK?"
     "Why su, su, sure, ma'am", he stuttered.  "I'll just meet you right
inside the office."
     Laurie got out of the car and followed the young man as he kind of
stumble-ran into the station office.  As they reached the door I saw
Laurie reach toward his ass and run her fingers right up the crease.  I'd
almost bet my last dollar that he just about came at the touch!
     Laurie couldn't have been in the station office for more than three
minutes before she came bouncing and giggling out again.
     "God, was he excited!  I was going to blow him, but by the time I got
my skirt up around my waist so he could see my pussy and got his cock out
of his pants, he came all over my hand and the floor!  I like young men. 
They come so fast and hard when you want them to!  Hee, hee, I didn't even
pay for the gas!"
     "Gee, do you think I should go in and leave him a tip for the
exceptional service?", I said with mock seriousness.
     "Nah, we better leave him with something for ol' Five Finger Mary
later on tonight, and we have to get a move on."
     We were still laughing and giggling about our stop at the station
when we cleared the city limits.
     After driving for about thirty minutes we were in a very rural area
and Laurie said that we were in the general vicinity of the party house.
     As we came over the crest of a small hill we saw a gravel driveway
leading off into the woods on the left of the road.  At the foot of the
drive was a sign on a miailbox that read "Peters".  I thought that was a
very appropriate name considering what we were heading for.
     Laurie braked hard and turned into the driveway with a great spray of
gravel and dust.  We drove on for about five or six minutes before the
driveway opened onto a rather large parking area under the trees.  Off to
the left we could see a slope leading down to what looked like a small
lake or a very large pond.  There were already ten or twelve cars in the
parking area or parked along the drive.
     The house itself was very impressive.  It looked like a small hunting
lodge as it was built almost entirely out of rough hewn planks and beams. 
There were decks surrounding the house on three sides on the ground floor
as well as a full deck running the length of the front of the house on the
second floor.
     On the upper deck was a couple dancing to the loud music coming from
the house.  The man was dressed in a casual manner and the woman was a
young blonde who, like Laurie and me, was dressed like a hooker.  The man
had his hand up under the woman's skirt and was busy caressing her
buttocks as she ground her pussy into his crotch.  She squealed a little
as he squeased her ass cheeks.  I could see that this was going to be a
very interesting day.
     As we walked toward the house the music ended and the couple on the
deck stopped dancing and went inside the house.  The girl was giggling as
the man ran his hand between her thighs from the rear.  Just as the couple
entered the house I saw the girl reach back and grab the man by the
crotch.  I wondered if we would meet them once we were inside or if they
would be too busy in one of the bedrooms.
     "God, it looks like the good stuff is already started." said Laurie. 
"I didn't really think things would get that lively until a lot later. 
Looks like we're going to have a long day of sex and perversion.  I love
it!"
     As we reached the house a Rolling Stones song began to play on the
stereo.  It was quite a change of pace from the music we heard when we
drove up.  We could also hear the squeals and laughter of women as well as
the deeper laughs of several men.  It sounded like a pretty good sized
group.
     We didn't bother knocking on the door.  No one inside would have
heard us, anyway.  We just walked in like we owned the place.
     One of the most striking things that I noticed when we entered was
the fact that the men were outnumbered by the women by at least two to
one.  It also looked like all the men in the room were involved with at
least one woman.  Some were dancing, while others were sitting on chairs
or the couch "necking".
     Even before the door was closed a woman in her late thirties or early
forties came over to us.  She gave Laurie an enthusiastic hug and a kiss
on the mouth.  "Laurie, it's so good to see you again!  I was hoping that
you were going to be here.  You look terrific!  I love your outfit!  Whose
the new meat you brought along?" 
     "Liz, this is Penny.  Please be gentle with her; she's still a virgin
at this."
     Liz now came over to me and gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. 
As she was doing this she ran her hand down my back and gave my ass a
little pat and a squeeze.  "You're kind of cute!  I hope I can get to know
you a lot better today.  Laurie and I are already very close friends and
I'm sure she'll help us to get acquainted!  C'mon I'll get you guys a
drink."
     As we followed Liz over to the bar Laurie leaned closer to me and
whispered loudlly in my ear, "You'll like Liz.  She's the one I told you
about in the shower this morning.  She's very Bi and I sometimes think
she'd rather be with a woman than a man."
     At the bar Liz explained, "You probably noticed that there are quite
a few more women than men here.  Well, when I heard about this party I
made sure that there would be plenty of variety for all here.  After all,
some of us like a little variety in our partners.  I know there are a few
men here who have never been with more than one woman at a time and they
are dying to try it.  Also, some of us females would like to curl up next
to another smooth, soft body once in a while!"
     "Now there are just a few rules that you have to follow while you're
here.  One is that, as you two are here as "professional entertainers",
you cannot refuse any advances or suggestions that are made to you. 
Another rule is that all the others that aren't here as entertainers have
to donate to the thunder jug by the door."
     I looked over my shoulder and, sure enough, there was a fish bowl on
a table near the front door.  The bowl had a considerable amount of cash
in it.  I supposed that this was to help pay for the party costs.
     "Oh, yeah, I also forgot to mention that a few of the folks here have
brought along video cameras to record some of the goings on.  If either of
you don't want to be instant stars, let me know and I'll be sure to let
the interesed parties know that they have to find other subjects."
     To this Laurie said, "I don't mind at all!  It's not the first time I
will have fucked in front of a camera.  As long as I get a copy of the
tape for my library!"
     I could see that, by the time we left, I would find out more of
Laurie's secrets.  I had no idea that she'd made any porno tapes!  I
wouldn't mind getting copies of her tapes, either.

--
