Practice
by deirdre, 9/6/94

"You're kidding!"  Debbie was obviously amused and I didn't like the way 
this was going.  Nancy, who lives in the apartment across the hall had just 
told her about our experience that very afternoon.  You see, Nancy, who 
works in a doctor's office, had convinced Debbie and I that we ought not to 
put off having physicals.  I'd just finished mine but not without an 
embarrassing moment.  After having been shown into the examination room, in 
walks Nancy, telling me to undress.

She didn't leave either.  She just stood there waiting.

"Uh, I feel funny doing this."  I was slowly unbuttoning the first buttons 
of my shirt.  So slowly, in fact, that I wasn't likely to be undressed 
before midnight.

"Whatever for?"  She sounded genuinely surprised.  I couldn't believe that 
she wouldn't see the oddity of the situation.

"Well, knowing you and everything."

She smiled, stifling a giggle.  "Oh, is that it?  I *am* a professional, 
you know.  I *do* see men undressing every day and don't even think about 
it."

"Yes, but it's so weird... doing it in front of my next-door neighbor."

"Well, get over it.  We can't wait here, all day."

"Can't you just... have the other nurse, uh, take care of me?"  She left, 
mumbling something as she went out the door.  Another nurse came in in a 
minute and asked me to undress to my underpants.  She left while I was 
undressing and, well, the rest of my physical went along without incident.

But now Nancy was amusing Debbie with the story.  "You really were too 
embarrassed to get undressed in front of Nancy?" she asked.  I could see 
she was suppressing a laugh.  How do I get myself into these things.

"Well I don't think it's so strange..."

"Oh honey, don't worry about it.  You'll get over it by next time."  She 
was still smiling.

"Actually, he'll probably be all-the-more nervous," piped up Nancy.

"Like waiting too long after you've fallen off a horse?" returned Debbie.

"It would do him good to work through this right away."  Suddenly I felt a 
nervous twinge.  These two were getting too many silly ideas.

"Well, what do you say, honey?  Want to work on your problem?"

"You two are crazy!" I blurted.

"Definitely needs help," said Nancy.

"Come on honey," added Debbie.  She walked up to me and said more softly, 
"Not *man* enough to face up to your fears?"  The grin she was hiding ate 
at me.  "Do it!" she continued.  "We'll celebrate later," she whispered.  
"Do it."

Now she didn't look so amused.  She looked serious.  I stood there, staring 
at her but didn't say a thing.

"Good!" said Nancy as if it were all settled.  Debbie walked back over to 
her.  "Take off your shirt and undershirt," ordered Nancy.  She used a 
business-like voice and also didn't seem to be laughing at me any more.  
Debbie smiled an encouraging smile and nodded at me to go ahead.  I took 
them off.  I stood there, not believing I was doing this.

"OK, your shoes and socks," continued Nancy.  They watched as I sat down 
and removed them.

"OK, stand up and take off your pants."  I felt like this was it.  I was 
wearing briefs and wouldn't be much hidden.  I felt a lump in my throat but 
I did it and stood up.

"Very good," said Nancy.  Debbie looked a little surprised.  I wondered if 
she would burst out laughing.  "Turn around and face away from us," 
continued Nancy.  I did it.  Nothing.  They were just looking at me?  Then 
I felt hands at my side, pulling down my briefs by the waste band.  I was 
uncovered!  Whichever it was left them around my knees.  I felt someone 
move away again.

"You're doing very well," came Nancy's voice, "isn't he?" she added.

"Uh, ... yes!"  Debbie sounded a little breathless.  I stood there, not 
believing my predicament.  I heard them walking and then they were in front 
of me, still keeping their distance.

"Good!  Just stand there but spread your feet."  I spread them until the 
briefs were stretched as far as they could go--not much but a little more.

I know what you're thinking.  Yes, I was beginning to get hard.  They were 
both just staring at it.

"A little show!" Nancy finally added.  "Don't worry, we get that often 
enough."  It was definitely getting harder.  Debbie was grinning.

"OK, that's enough of that," said Nancy, "take them off, go in the bathroom 
and take care of yourself.  You'd better be soft when you come out."  I 
couldn't believe this.  I just stood there in shock.

"Well, honey, you heard her," added Debbie, still grinning, "or are you 
going to... ?"

"I said, take them off!" added Nancy.  I finally did it and headed for the 
bathroom.  I'm too embarrassed to go into that further but I heard them 
talking while I was in there and I finally came out again, still naked but 
soft.

"Well, I think he is coming right along," said Nancy.  "You can get dressed 
again," she added and she drew Debbie into the kitchen, leaving me alone.

That night Debbie was a wild woman--and I was definitely up again for it.

The next evening I answered a knock on the door and Nancy barged in.  
"Well, don't just stand there, get your clothes off!" were her first words, 
as soon as I'd closed the door again.  Debbie and I had been watching 
television.  I stared at her open-mouthed and looked at Debbie.  She was 
still lounging on the couch but was looking our way but far from 
protesting, she had an expectant look on her face.

"Quickly," hissed Nancy.  I don't know what made me do it but I did it.  
Quickly, too.  Soon I was standing nude by the door.  Nancy had walked over 
and sat on the couch next to Debbie where I had been.

"Come closer and stand next to that table," Nancy added, indicating a spot 
about six feet from them.  They watched me walk over.  Nancy was stealing 
glances at the TV and was soon asking Debbie about the show.

She looked back toward me for several seconds.  "Good," she said and looked 
back at the TV.  "He *is* getting better about it," she added to Debbie 
after a little while.  Debbie stole glances at me and I thought I detected 
a smirk.

And I couldn't help it.  Yes, I was getting hard again.  It was so weird 
and I wondered about myself.

"Interesting," said Nancy when she looked back at me.  She smiled, stood 
up, and walked past me.  She came back with my briefs and held them out.

I took them.  "Take care of yourself right here, using those to prevent a 
mess."  I stared at her.  "It's nothing!  You think nurses don't know how 
men's bodies work?  Do it!"  I still stared.  She put it on my cock, 
wrapping it around the end and pushed my hands so one was holding my cock 
and the other was holding the folded underpants on the head.  Then she 
walked back to the couch and sat down.  "We're waiting," she added.

I stood there.  Soon I was doing it.  I was breathing harder.  Standing up 
made me feel it in my head more.  I was coming.  I came.  They were both 
watching me.

"He's definitely getting better about it," said Nancy.  "Hold it 'til you 
know you're done," she added and I just stood there.  A few minutes later 
she added, "OK, take those away and put on some fresh ones."  I left 
immediately.

"That was *amazing*," Debbie whispered in my ear that night.  But what 
immediately followed was *more* amazing.

I was meeting Debbie at a restaurant after work.  When I walked in, she was 
already sitting.  And with her was Nancy and another woman I didn't know.  
They introduced her as Susan, a nurse friend of Nancy's.  I could tell from 
their drink glasses that they had been there for at least a little while.

"So Nancy's been helping you with a problem getting undressed in front of 
nurses," volunteered Susan as soon as I sat down.  I couldn't believe this!

"Oh, he's coming along fine," said Nancy.  Debbie grinned.

"Well, I could check his progress," said Susan.  Debbie giggled.

"Go ahead," said Nancy, "it would do him good.  Go with her," she added to 
me.  Susan stood up and came over next to me.  I looked at them all.  
Debbie looked like she might stand too but Nancy held her arm.  No one 
objected.  Susan stood there.  I got up and followed her.

She led me out the front door and then around to the back of the 
restaurant.  It was dark and deserted and she found a spot by the back wall 
out of sight of any door.

"OK, get undressed," she said.  I felt panicked.   Yes it was dark and 
deserted and no one was around but anyone could walk around behind and run 
into us!

"Not quite trained I see," she said.  "Get undressed!  Now!"

Yes, I did it and was soon there, standing nude with my clothes in a heap 
next to me.

"Well, you finally did it.  And it looks like you're enjoying it but we 
can't have that while you return.  Take care of your hardon."  She just 
watched and waited.

"I said take care of it!  Jack off!"  Yes, I did it, right there in the 
back of the parking lot.  And then she had me get dressed again and I 
followed her back inside.

Debbie and Nancy were still sitting at the table.  I looked at Debbie 
again... she looked a little scared.  "Don't worry," said Susan, "I didn't 
come within 2 feet of him the whole time."

After we ate, we all left together.  Susan wanted to show them where she 
took me.  We were out back again.

"Well, show us how you stripped," said Nancy.  The three of them stood 
watching me.  Soon I was nude again.

"What do you think, Debbie?" asked Susan.  Debbie giggled, sounding a 
little nervous.

"Do *you* ever have trouble undressing in front of nurses?" she went on.

"Oh, no, that's just my husband."

"You sound a little reluctant.  Why don't you show us?"

"No, I... I don't have any problem... "

"Well, then show us,"  Susan went on.  "Show us and I'll believe you."  
Nancy didn't say a thing.  "Just show us."

She sort of guided Debbie over to where I was standing.

"Take it off!  Your *husband* can do it!"

She started doing it!  Her blouse.  Shoes.  Shorts.  Bra and panties.  I 
stood there, amazed.

"Are you excited?" Susan asked, more quitely.  She walked up close to 
Debbie and I saw her hands go to Debbie's body.  She withdrew in a flash.

"Better take care of that, Debbie," she said.  "Both of you," she added.  
The two of them stood there watching us.  Debbie looked at me, obviously 
nervous.  She put one hand on her breasts and one to her crotch.  I wrapped 
my hand around my cock again.

"Good," said Susan.  Then she waited.  We both did it.  Brought ourselves 
off.  I think we came at the same time.

"Now that's cute," said Susan and she told us to get dressed again.

The next day when I got home, Nancy was there again.  Debbie looked very 
nervous.  There was a knock on the door and I opened it to find Susan and 
another woman.  She was younger and Susan introduced her as Wendy, another 
nurse.  I noticed Wendy looking at me.

"Well, show us how you get undressed," Susan said to me.  Maybe I *was* 
losing some inhibitions--I was nude in seconds.  I looked around.  Wendy 
was staring at me.  Debbie looked nervous.

"How about *Nancy*," said Wendy.  Does *she* have these sorts of problems?

"Not me," said Nancy.  I looked at her and was amazed at the expression on 
her face.  I thought she might dart from the room.

"Show us!" said Susan, sweetly.  She looked right at Nancy and grinned.

"I don't *have* any problem!" said Nancy, more vociferously.  Susan and 
Wendy just stared at her for a few seconds.

"Then get undressed," said Susan, finally in a quiet voice.  She did it!  
Soon it was Nancy and me standing there nude.  Debbie was agog--I think she 
was surprised out of her nervousness.

"What do you think, Debbie?" asked Susan.  Debbie was immediately tongue-
tied.  I think she thought they'd be ordering her to strip next.  But Susan 
just laughed at her.

Susan told Nancy and me to lean over the dining table.  I looked back to 
find her with rubber gloves and K.Y. jelly!  She told us she was going to 
get us used to medical procedures!

She put jelly on my rear.  "Relax," she said and I felt her finger pushing.  
Probing.  "Put your hands on the back of your neck," she said.  I was 
getting hard.  Still she pushed and probed.  Two fingers.

Then she was out and I felt a sting on my ass.  She had slapped it.  Then 
she had another glove on and was doing the same thing to Nancy! I watched 
Nancy lay there with her hands on the back of her neck.  Then I heard three 
slaps on her rear and she jerked each time.

Then they had us get on our hands and knees in the middle of the floor.  
Debbie served them drinks and it seemed like forever that we stayed there.  
I was so hard.

They asked Debbie for scarves.  They had us stand up.  They tied my hands 
behind my back and they did the same to Nancy.  Then they left, taking 
Nancy with them!  Across the hall, still with her hands bound!  They told 
Debbie to have fun.

As soon as the door closed, Debbie was immediately kneeling in front of me, 
my cock in her mouth.  She was so crazy!

The day after that, coming home from work, I opened the front door and 
couldn't believe my eyes!  Nancy and Debbie were both standing there, nude, 
with handcuffs on!  Wendy was there with them, but I didn't see any sign of 
Susan.  They were both gagged, too, with ball gags--obvious S&M 
paraphernalia.  She had a belt in her hand, looped double and was standing 
behind them.

She ordered me to strip and I was nude in seconds.  She handcuffed and 
gagged me and led me to standing next to the others.  Then she led us into 
the bedroom and put us on our knees, laying over the edge of the bed.  She 
put something on each of our ankles, binding them together, and then she 
invaded each of our rears with her rubber-encased fingers.  She got two, 
then three, then four fingers in me!

Someone else entered the room.  "My man likes girls *and* boys," I heard 
her say.
