Laura finished straining Fawn's new milk and set the
pan aside.  It was only five o'clock, but the day had been so
full that she felt somewhat tired.  There was the hurried
preparation for the drive to Reverend Brown's, and then the
celebration meal at home.  Finally, Ma and the girls had
helped her pack up all of her things to take to the new 
little house that Manly had built for her.  After doing the 
chores and putting everything in its proper place, Laura felt 
estranged.  

She wiped her damp palms on her calico workdress and 
recalled the night before.  Ma had taken her aside to explain 
to her about married life.  Her "marital duties", Ma 
explained, were an unpleasant but necessary obligation that 
she must fulfill without question.

Laura was so lost in thought that the bottom dropped out 
of her stomach when Manly came up behind her.  "Oh, Manly!" 
she gasped in surprise.

He felt her tiny waist in his hands and he gave her a 
little squeeze.  Laura was so nervous that her corsets felt 
far too tight.  In the August heat they nearly suffocated her.

"I've got threshing to do tomorrow at the Webbs'," Manly 
said quietly, "so I think it best we get to bed early tonight." 

Laura quailed at what lay ahead.  Ma mentioned that it 
would hurt terribly but there was no help for it, that was how 
babies were made.  Laura's tongue was so dry in her mouth that 
she could hardly speak, but somehow she choked out, "Do we have to?"

Instead of answering, he led her by the hand to the back 
bedroom.  There stood the wide bed, all fresh and crisp with 
its plump goosedown pillows and the Dove-in-the-Window quilt 
she had made as a girl spread upon it.  Her bed had always 
meant sleep to Laura before, but tonight she knew it would 
mean something terribly different, and tomorrow she would have 
to wash the bloodstains from the snow-white sheets.  She 
longed to run to the linen closet and at least put a towel 
down, but Manly would know why she did that, and it would just 
be too embarrassing.  She would rather do the extra work.

"It's strange to be going to bed while it's still light 
out," she offered, not quite knowing what to do.

"I expect we'll be going to bed later on, most days." 
Manly sat carefully on the bed and removed his boots.  They 
made a thump, thump sound as they hit the floor.

"You're not getting undressed in front of me, are you?" 
Laura was shocked.  Manly stopped what he was doing.

"Of course I am, Laura.  We're married now, we're husband 
and wife."

As his shirt came off she saw the hard-muscled chest and 
arms.  They were tanned and had little golden hairs on them.  
Laura wanted to touch him, to feel the smoothness of his skin 
under her fingertips.  The boldness of her thoughts 
embarrassed her.  She blushed and turned her back.

Laura unbuttoned the front of her dress and stepped out 
of it.  She let the silky thickness of her long brown hair 
slide past her shoulders, grateful for the screen it provided.

Manly watched as she undid her corset and quickly reached 
for her bleached muslin nightgown.  She slipped it over her 
head and only then did she remove her shoes, drawers and 
petticoats.

Manly didn't bother putting on his nightshirt.  He loved 
Laura, ever since he had seen her as a girl of thirteen.  She 
and Carrie were lost among the tall grasses of Big Slough and 
just happened upon him and Royal, mowing hay.  He knew right 
then when he saw her blue-eyed merriness that he wanted her 
for his wife.  That was five years ago, thought Manly, and she 
sure doesn't look merry now.

Laura could feel his gaze at her back.  She could hardly 
bear the strain of it all.  She dreaded getting into that bed 
but she knew she must.  Quick as a flash she was there beside 
him.  And then Laura saw that Manly was completely bare as she 
lifted the quilt to get in.  A lump came to her throat when 
she saw how big he was.  "I don't want to do this!" she 
blurted.

Concerned, Manly asked,"But why, Laura?  Don't you love 
me?"

"Of course I do, but I don't want you to hurt me and Ma 
says there's no other way!"  She was almost in tears as she 
sat limply down on the bed.

"Laura, I promise that I will do my best not to hurt 
you."  Manly was very earnest."And if I am doing something you 
don't like, I will stop if you ask me."  He took her small 
hands in his, and she relaxed a little.

At Manly's request she took off her nightgown.  They 
snuggled down together, and to Laura it was strange to feel 
his bare skin against her own.  Deep inside she felt a wobbly 
little tingle.

As for Manly, the feel of her against him inflamed his 
desire more than he ever knew possible.  He touched her glossy 
hair and buried his face in the smoothness of it.  He gave 
tender little kisses to her white neck.  Laura was so small, 
so delicate and perfect, that he was afraid he'd break her. 
 
 Manly's large, strong hands gently stroked her, as he would a 
 cat.  A sound, like a purr, came from deep inside her throat. 
 He stopped, surprised.

 "I don't know where that came from," she made apology.

 "I don't mind, Laura--whatever you do is fine with me." 
  
  Strangely the sound had increased his need for her.  The 
  sounds increased as Manly continued to knead and stroke her 
  beautiful body.  Laura moaned and gasped, she writhed under 
  his touch.  She felt a warm dampness between her legs as his 
  lips met her nipple.  She dared a kiss to his salty neck, and 
  then opened her mouth to tease him with her tongue.

  "Oh, God!"  Laura's tender advances made Manly ache with 
  hunger.  He took her hand and placed it for her on his hard 
  tool.  At first she pulled back and then, intrigued, she 
  tightened her grasp.

  The smoothness of his sex surprised and delighted Laura. 
  The way Ma had described it she expected it to be rough and 
  sharp.  A clear drop of liquid rose to the top and perched on 
  the tip.  Without thinking, she tasted it.  It was salty.
  Manly groaned a deep groan and then gasped as she sucked 
  on the head.  My God!  Where had she learned to do that?

  Laura was really only satisfying her own forbidden 
  yearnings.  They had begun just three years before when Manly 
  first gave her a ride to school in his new buggy.   She didn't 
  know that he'd had his eye on her for some time, but his 
  friendly manner and rugged good looks had opened a place in 
  her heart that she had not known was there.

  The wetness between Laura's legs continued to grow as 
  Manly firmly stroked and massaged all of her backside.  He 
  snaked his hand between her legs and gently rubbed her there.
  The force of her reaction both startled and aroused him 
  even more.  Manly could smell her clean perspiration and 
  something more that drove him wild.

  He licked and pawed her breasts, thighs, navel.  Then he 
  smelled her fragrance most strongly.  It came from between her 
  legs.  Irresistably Manly was drawn closer.  Suddenly he was 
  licking the soft folds of her sex and tasting of her erotic 
  flavor.  The incredible tightness in his groin was almost more 
  than he could stand.

  Laura lost herself in the smooth, buttery feeling that 
  came from down there and spread all throughout her body.  
  Strangely, the bottoms of her feet felt hot and her face was 
  flushed.  Her erect nipples were like roses on the white of 
  her breasts.  Manly reached up to caress one and rapidly 
  rubbed back and forth with his tongue.

  "Oh, Manly!  What are you doing to me?"  Laura wanted to 
  laugh and cry and sob with pleasure all at once.

  Manly knew he could hold himself back no longer.  "Laura, 
  I'm coming inside of you now, okay?"  His breath was rapid and 
  he could hear his heart pounding in his ears.  Laura spread 
  her legs wider, feeling a squirmy ache within her that she 
  longed to be satisfied.

  Manly guided his swollen head into her untried sex.  With 
  one hand he held himself up, fearful of putting too much 
  weight on her, and with the other he stroked and massaged the 
  button at the top of her silky petals.

  He went in carefully, inch by inch, knowing he must do it 
  right, for Laura's first time.  She gasped and writhed beneath 
  him.  Droplets of sweat delicately beaded her forehead.
  He felt how close and hot she was, and he almost lost 
  control of himself.  Manly saw some blood but Laura made no 
  mention of pain.

  She felt a small amount of discomfort but it almost went 
  unnoticed as she was carried away by wave after wave of 
  ecstatic pleasure.  She clenched every muscle and cried out 
  when the orgasm hit her.

  Manly thrust firmly and deliberately, barely holding on, 
  but her obvious climax so inflamed him that he came just as 
  her's was winding down.  The fiery joy that washed over him 
  was beyond anything he had expected.  His cries joined Laura's 
  own and then he collapsed on her, drained.

  They lay there in a tangle of arms, legs, and twisted 
  sheets.  Only their heavy breathing and the nightbird's song 
  were heard.  They had filled each other with a kind of love 
  that was so rare, so new, that to speak would seem to burst 
  its delicate shell.

  The sun set just beyond the little house on the hill.  
  Laura and Manly sank into sleep right along with it, knowing 
  that tomorrow was a new day for love.
