Preparation
by deirdre, 9/24/94

I relaxed as best I could.  I just stood there, willing my muscles to do 
nothing.  I hate to describe what the feeling was really like--needless to 
say it felt *big*.  Slipping in like that!  But it was well lubricated and I 
was well lubricated and all things considered, it was going well enough.  
The feeling!

Things began when Valerie, my wife threw down the gauntlet: "Yes, I'll do 
it."

I was astounded.  Not that I bugged her all the time or anything but she'd 
known for *years* what I'd like to try with her and despite my efforts to 
apprise her of my continued interest, had never given a hint that her 
resolve might be weakening.  It was almost too much for me to digest, 
somehow I didn't believe her.

"Under one condition," she added.  Oh.  Well, this was sounding more 
believable.  But I couldn't think of many conditions that I wouldn't be 
willing to fulfill.

"Yes?" I asked.  Something made me put a little amusement in my voice 
even though she sounded perfectly serious.  Maybe I didn't want to show 
any disappointment when she changed her mind.  I guess I still couldn't 
accept the change in her attitude.

"I want you to know what it is you are asking me to do."  That was a 
simple answer.  Too simple--something made me nervous about it.

"Tell me," I said.

"I want you to *really know* it.  I want you to *experience* it."

I was silent.  She was too for a moment.  Then I saw amusement grow in 
*her* face.  "You should *see* your face," she said, giggling.  "Hoping to 
give what you won't *take*?"

"You mean with a dildo?"  I asked.

"Is that what you want to do to me?" she asked with mock innocence.  "I 
think not," she added.

"It's *different* for *me*."

"I'd say I'm asking you to do *exactly the same thing* you want me to do"

"In a way, yes," I answered, "but for me it would be a same-sex 
experience."

"You have a point though you aren't above suggesting I do *that* either," 
she answered, "but even so, anything less would be less than what you are 
asking of *me*."

I was silent again.  I didn't know what to say.  "It's your big chance," she 
finally added, "you'd better give it some thought."

"No way!"

"I don't see what the big deal is even if you don't get off on it," she went 
on, "just lubricate everything well and then just relax until it goes in 
easy.  Then, just lose yourself in the sensations and maybe you'll even find 
you like it!"  She was smiling, the wretch--I recognized my own words 
being thrown back at me.

"You're *taunting* me," I said, smiling despite myself.  She was grinning.  
We'd be in bed soon thrashing about happily.

"Think what you're missing," she said and she unsnapped her jeans and 
slid them down.  She wasn't wearing panties!  She turned away, looking 
over her shoulder and wriggled her rear.  She's got the best looking rear on 
the planet!

"It's *waiting* for you!" she added, pushing the length of a finger against 
her crack.  She grabbed my hand and pushed it against her rear crack.

"Witch!"  I said and picked her up around the hips so she was doubled over.  
She wriggled out and ran in the bedroom.  I was there in a flash.  There 
was fireworks.

The next morning I was eating breakfast and she said while pouring us 
coffee refills: "Have you *thought* about my proposition?"  I *hadn't* and 
it took me a second to figure out what she was referring to.

"Val, you can't think I'd consider it."

"Well, please do," she added in a low voice.  She turned her body away 
from me and lifted her skirt, revealing again that she wore no underpants.  
"I *want* you in there, *so bad*!" she went on.  This was so unlike her to 
play the tease.  Later when we were leaving, after we kissed, she managed 
to turn around in my arms and push her rear into me, winking at me over 
her shoulder.

"Witch," I repeated.

"Have you thought about it?" she said that night when we were in bed.

"About what?" I asked, honestly.

"About your rear," she said.  This time she seemed perfectly serious.  "You 
aren't giving it any thought, are you?"

"No."

"I *honestly* think you should.  It would be just a few minutes for you, 
and then in the future when we were like this, you could just slip it in 
sometimes."  We were spooning at the time.  I didn't answer, "Just a few 
minutes of your life..." she repeated.

"Why not a dildo?" I asked.

"You *know* it isn't the same," she said, "no living, breathing person 
behind you."

"You can get dildoes that strap on like a cock."

She giggled.  "Nice try, but no.  I *really feel* that you should experience 
what you are proposing to put me through."  After a pause she went on, "It 
really is a kind of humiliation.  You *know* we don't have a relationship 
like *that*.  Just a few minutes of your life."

I didn't answer.  The problem is I didn't say no.  She noticed it--I *know* 
her.  I noticed it too and it worried me.

And that is all we said about it for weeks.  But one evening, after eating 
out with Valerie's friend Julie and her husband Tyler, she brought it up 
with them!  We'd gone back to their house and were having a drink and 
Valerie chirped up: "Yes, Ron has agreed to do something *amazing* for 
me!"  Our conversation had loosened up with our drinks but though this 
declaration triggered my radar, I still had no idea what was coming.

"What's that?" asked Julie.  Julie's quite attractive--brunette like 
Valerie but a little more figure.

"He's going to... let a *man* do his rear," she said, almost giggling.

"Val!" I managed.

"You *want* him to do that?" Julie asked Valerie, incredulously.

"If he wants to do mine," answered Valerie.  I glanced at Tyler to see how 
he was reacting to this.  He wasn't looking at me, I was relieved to see.

"You have a *deal* with him, that if he lets a *man* fuck his ass, that he 
can fuck *yours*?" asked Julie.  She doesn't usually talk like that--I 
guess it was the moment and the drink.

"That's it!" replied Val.

"Who?" asked Julie.

"No idea.  We haven't gotten that far."  We were all silent for a minute.

"Tyler could do it," Julie said at last.

I spoke up: "Val has *exaggerated* everything.  We didn't *really* 
decide..."

"Oh, you just have cold feet," interrupted Julie.  "You could have Tyler do 
it tonight."

Yikes!  "Thanks, but no thanks," I said.

"No, don't refuse so fast," she answered.  "It'd be over so soon--I *know* 
you're having all kinds of qualms and second thoughts.  If you're going to 
do it at all, you should get it over with *tonight* and free yourself from 
the anticipation."  She smiled but she was obviously well meaning.

"It's a good idea, Hon," added Val.  "Later tonight, it's all over but the 
fun!"  Tyler still hadn't said anything.  He hadn't objected.

"Come on!" added Julie.  She walked up to me and spoke in a lower voice: 
"I'll *bet* you'd love it with Val *tonight*!"  She glanced over at Val and 
walked over to her and pulled her out of her chair, smiling, "Fucking her 
cute little ass," she added even lower, and patted Val's rear.

"Just a few minutes," she went on, "and it can be *all over*."

I don't know what got into me.  It didn't seem like a strange thing to any 
of them.  When you are around people, you tend to adopt their ideas.  Julie 
went out and came back with a little jar.  K.Y. Jelly.  "Go in the bathroom, 
get undressed and come out with your rear done up," she said.  "Go on!" she 
said, giving me a little push to get me started.

I sat in the bathroom.  Julie finally opened it a crack.  "Come on, you're 
just dragging it out.  It can all be over in a jiffy."

"Not bad," she said with a little grin finally when I came out.  After that 
she was perfectly serious.  "Stand here, against the door frame," she said, 
taking the jar from my hands.  I placed my chest and stomach against it, 
and grabbed the frame with my fingers.  I heard Tyler unzip and heard him 
smearing his cock.  I looked over my shoulder a little but not enough to see 
him behind me.

He was behind me.  The door was between the living room and the hall and 
both women were in the living room, standing right there, watching me.  
Both were fully dressed in skirts.  They watched my face.  I felt Tyler's 
cock against my rear.  "Relax now," said Julie.  Tyler pushed a little but 
not really trying to get it in yet.  Then I felt a finger probing--It *did* go 
in easily.  Two.  Three.  Then the fingers were gone.  I felt *it* again.  
Pushing.  He held my hips.

The feeling.  The feeling of that big thing slipping in there.  I was 
completely nude.  They were all completely dressed.  The women still 
looked at my face.  His hips were pressed against my rear, his cock all the 
way in.  I was holding the doorframe so tight.  His hands on my hip-bones.

I knew he was thrusting his hips in front of him to reach me.  His chest 
pushed against my back.  I felt his clothes all the way up and down my 
skin.

Julie came closer.  He was drawing out and pushing in.  She took my cock 
in her hand and played with it.  "Kinda hard, isn't it?" she said with a 
little smirk.

"That's not... fair... you...r handling it."  I was having trouble talking.  
She 
smiled, let go and backed off again.  Still the two just watched me.  Tyler 
was moving faster and faster.  It was beginning to get rough, between him 
and the door frame.  I heard him breathing.  Then suddenly he slammed 
against me, pulling on the doorframe himself.  He held himself tight 
against me, not moving a muscle.  I felt his cock pulsing its semen into 
me.

It was done.  He pulled out.  "You *did* it," Julie said.  "Go clean yourself 
up."  Valerie still looked at me but hadn't said a word.  I went into the 
bathroom.  I didn't turn around to look at Tyler.

I borrowed a washcloth and washed a bit, then got dressed.  When I left 
the bathroom, there was Valerie, standing in the same doorframe, her 
skirt pulled up in back, Tyler's cock in her rear!  I stared.  My heart was in 
my throat.  What was happening?

I walked behind them into the living room.  Julie was sitting on the couch 
and patted the place beside her.  I sat down.

"You did good," she said when I sat.  I just stared at the two of them in 
the doorway.  Tyler was banging away.  He came in seconds, just like he 
did with me.  Then he drew back and zipped up.  Val pulled her panties back 
up from her thighs and dropped the back of her skirt again.  She walked in 
and gave me a *look what I did* smile.  I stood up and pulled her to the 
door.  We were out without a goodbye.

"What the hell was *that*?" I exploded.  "*That* wasn't part of the deal!"

"So you can mess around with him but *I can't*?" she shot back.

"Mess around?  I was doing it for *you*!" I replied.

"Fuck off!  You were doing it *for yourself*!  *You* wanted *my rear*, 
remember?"  She marched to the car and turned around and glared at me.

"Fuck *you*!" I yelled.  She got in the drivers' side and drove off without 
me.  I just stood there staring, not believing this.  Finally I heard the door 
behind me open.  Julie appeared beside me.

"You better come inside," she said, finally.  She tugged me in.  There was 
no sign of Tyler and she pulled me over to the couch.  "Want to talk?" she 
finally said.

"This is fucked," I offered.

"Is she kind of bull-headed?" asked Julie.  I didn't answer.  We sat back on 
the couch and she wrapped an arm around me.  I turned my head to her and 
she looked at me.  She started unbuttoning her blouse.  I just watched as 
she finished it and then removed her bra.  She started a kiss but then 
pulled away to standing.  She slipped her skirt and panties off, leaving her 
naked in front of me.  She *did* have a beautiful body.  She got on my lap, 
folded knees on each side of me, facing me.  She took my face in her hands 
and bent down and kissed me.  "I *want* you.  Do you *want* me?" she 
asked just above a whisper.

"Yes," I breathed.

She leaned over to my right ear and whispered.  "Then let Tyler do it 
again."

I was standing at the doorframe again, Tyler in me, Julie right in front of 
me again.  This time she had my cock in her hand the whole time, 
massaging it gently.  She got close and up on tiptoes and pushed it up 
between her legs so it pressed up against her crotch.  Then she backed 
away and just held it as Tyler slammed into me for his climax.

She led me into the bedroom.  She opened a drawer and got out a pair of 
handcuffs.  She latched it to one of my hands and cuffed my hands together 
behind my back.  Then she leaned me over the edge of the bed so my body 
was lying on it and my rear was right at the edge.  Tyler was in the room 
again and knelt behind me.  "He's such a *stud*" she said.  She got out a 
little whip as he pushed in.

They ate breakfast the next morning with me lying face down between 
them on the kitchen table.  Aside from my cuffed hands behind my back, I 
was gagged, my ankles were bound together and a dildo was in my rear.  
The doorbell rang.  Julie came back from the door, bringing Valerie.  Val 
looked down at me with a blank expression on her face.  No one said 
anything.

Tyler took her to the kitchen doorframe and lowered her jeans right below 
her rear.  Julie, who had sat down again, drew another pair of handcuffs 
from her purse.  I wondered what it would have been like to touch her.  Val 
stood there, pressed against the doorframe.  Tyler lowered her panties.  
She made no move either to help or hinder him.  He's such a stud.
