Archive-name: Affairs/present.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Birthday Present, The

[5 Possible Endings Attached!]


     It was a hard relationship to describe.  They had a lot in
common - both were professionals working full time, both married,
both having two children.  But much of the similarities ended
there, one was female, and a delightful one at that, but more on
this later, the other male.  Although they worked together they
lived far apart.  Since neither one could bear to hurt another
their "romance" was not the textbook-type.  Sandy and Jim sort of
recognized that their lives were previously taken, but they still
had a deep attraction and affection for each other.  They enjoyed
being together, whenever they could manage it, for the office
wags would have a field day if their "relationship", no matter
how chaste, became public knowledge.

     For a long time now Jim had been "romancing" Sandy with
notes of undying affection and love and Sandy had been receiving
the verbal love and affection with welcome arms.  Once or twice a
week they would meet for lunch at a public park and discuss life
and love and beauty.  When the weather was bad they might even be
alone in a park and enjoy a special closeness.  But, alas, an
unwritten code prevented more than an occasional deep and warm
hug and lots of hand-holding!  They would have been more at home
in the Victorian era.

     But enough history.  I think the reader is, by now, well
aware of our "lovers" plight.  Certainly they were not of this
quick-to-bed age.  There was a certain admirable beauty shared by
Sandy and Jim.  Whether outsiders saw it or not was irrelevant,
they saw it and felt it.  Which brings us to "The Birthday
Present."  Jim had been planning a special birthday for Sandy for
some time.  His sole goal was, surprisingly hard for modern-day
readers to believe, was not seduction, but a celebration of JOY. 
Ah, JOY!  JOY, a feeling generally lost on us, Moderns, and
totally without relevance unless shared.  This was to be a true
celebration of JOY and LOVE.  Jim's sentimentality was so at the
forefront that he even "engraved" a special invitation, complete
with appropriate scroll-work, to Sandy:



   The undersigned cordially (and with obvious relish) invites

                              Sandy

           an extremely delightful and luscious person

                   to a personal and intimate 
                        demonstration of 

                      TRUE and DEVOTED LOVE

                     as expressed through a
                      sensitive and feeling
                        full-body massage

           on the Twenty-First Day of the Ninth Month 
          of the Year Nineteen Hundred and Eighty-Nine




suitably signed with passionate love by Jim.

Sandy, never one to avoid the daring being a women irresistibly
drawn to masculine images, activities and excitement, initially
balked.  Interestingly enough her resistance came not so much
from the suggestion, but from the ludicrousness of it, "Come on,
how can this be accomplished in the park at noon?  And I am not
interested in getting poison ivy in the woods."  But her
resistance changed from one of unbelieving to one of simple
objection when Jim said, "I have arranged for us to share a motel
room for the afternoon.  I promise no hanky-panky.  This is not a
seduction, it is a genuine attempt to give you a nice birthday
present.  I am not joking.  I am serious."

     Well, the discussion was heated for several days.  Sandy had
strong fears and distrust of Jim and his motives.  The casual
outsider would only have chuckled at this appearance of a joke,
the eternal male seduction "line."  "I just want to show you my
etchings." or "I just want to let you explore my spider web."

     What ever it was, convincing persuasion, a genuine daring or
resignation from the effort to change Jim's mind.  More than once
Jim had offered to withdraw the "proposition" only to have the
subject come up again.  It is not clear what was the final straw,
but Sandy extracted the two-thousandth promise, and agreed.

     But then at the last moment Sandy realized that it was
payday and she could not afford to be gone half a day.  The big
day was delayed until Friday.

     Friday turned out to be a delightful day.  The sun shown out
of a azure sky upon the green hills of the land.  The temperature
was just right.  Jim expressed concern that the beauty of the day
would be "wasted" inside, but it was agreed that there would be
more nice days.  The trip past the check-in desk and the lobby
was taken with uncomfortable feelings of guilt.  This feeling by
both was thick enough to cut.  But the small briefcase sufficed
to allay inordinate suspicions.  All went well until they got to
the room.  The age old shakes kept Jim from immediately getting
the damned door open.  Motel doors were the same everywhere.

     Once in the room they hugged in a warm embrace free from the
fear of prying eyes.  That alone made the excursion well worth
the effort.  They stood there for the "brief" moment that lovers
share, a brief moment extending close to ten minutes.  Neither
one wanted to break the spell.  Their nearness could not be
replaced with all the private and emotional notes they exchanged.

     They sat down on the bed and held hands gazing into each
other's eyes.  Jim gentle began caressing Sandy's delicate hands
and fingers.  Then they began to discuss what was to happen. 
Jim, who claimed to have "everything thought out," was torn
between chucking his "plan" and keeping his promise.  A gentle,
caring look from Sandy kept him in line.  

     Jim got the body lotion bottle from his brief case so Sandy
could choose which she preferred.  He let her pick saying, "The
delicious scent of your body will override all else, who needs
this stuff."  He then went to the bathroom to get some towels. 
The bed spread was taken down and several towels were laid out. 
Jim then said that it was necessary that Sandy remove her
clothing and cover up with the towels.  He said, "You may leave
your underwear on, Lovely Sandy.  I promised a full-body massage,
but it won't quite be "full-body", I couldn't keep my promise if
it was and you know it.  Anyway, cover up with the towels and
I'll turn up the heat in the room.  I won't need that, but you
may."  Sandy replied, "I don't think I will need it either, so
don't turn it up."  (She was avoiding the clothes issue.)  "Can't
we just do the massaging like we have in the past?"  [They both
had a keen interest in the art of massage.  Jim had a couple of
good books on massage, finger-pressure and Shiatsu.  He even
shared one on sensual massage with Sandy.  Their experiences into
massage began with foot massage one noon when Sandy complained of
il-fitting shoes and sore feet.  Jim extended it to hand and
finger massage and once even experimented with back massage, when
he sneaked his first and only kiss from Sandy, a chaste, but
delicious peck on the back of Sandy's lovely white neck.  They
both had enjoyed the physical contact immensely.  But it had
always been of the non-sexual kind, although Jim reveled in the
sensuality of it.  He is the one who invented this birthday
present, after all.]

     After a lengthy discussion, Jim persuaded Sandy that his
intentions were indeed honorable and it could only be done this
way.  [Although I will not go into this discussion, because it is
so improbable as to be unlikely, besides if Jim hadn't "won" the
debate there wouldn't be a story to tell!]  Jim left the room to
give Sandy privacy.  He left word for her to let him know.  Talk
about long moments!  This was absurd.  But after what seemed like
hours, Sandy whispered that she was ready.

     Jim reentered the room to find Sandy stretched out full
length on her stomach covered with a bath towel covering her from
shoulders to knees.  Even from the back Jim marveled at her
loveliness.  "Sandy you are the most beautiful person I have ever
seen, with or without clothes.  Your trust in me only makes me
love you even more.  God practiced for thousands of years to
perfect His art to produce you.  He did good!  And I am so glad
He didn't waste all of His talents on the outside, for your inner
beauty far exceeds what the imperfect eye can see.  I love you,
Sandy, and I will love you with all of my heart and I love you
with all of my mind and I love you with all of my spirit and I
will love you always, Sandy.  There has been none like you.  You
are Perfection, exquisite Perfection, Sandy.  I kneel down and
worship this shrine, Sandy."

     He liberally drenched his hands in lotion he had warmed up
in his pocket and applied it generously to her legs and arms with
gentle caring hands.  A gasp of pleasure escaped Sandy's lips. 
She lifter her head and gazed at Jim and heart-feltly said,
"Thank you, Jim, you gentleness and compassion is so appreciated. 
Thank you for talking me into this and thank you for the lovely
birthday present."  "But it hasn't even begun, Sandy.  No more
words from you.  You must lie there and relax and release your
cares to my hands.  I will be gentle.  I will be caring.  I will
be true to my words, Sandy.  My love for you would allow nothing
else."

     Beginning at her toes Jim gentle rubbed in the oil and
kneaded the aches and cares away.  He massaged towards her ankles
to restore the blood flow in her toes.  Each toe in turn got the
same treatment and he lusciously paused and stroked between each
one.  He fleeting kissed each one as he progressed.  Completing
her toes he began to work on her feet.  Jim knew that the
Achilles tendon was supposed to have a genitals-connection so his
stroking steadily lead to that area after he had explored the
rest of her lovely and delicate foot.  

     His slow and steady sensual touch gradually lead to her
ankle and upwards to her expressively beautiful calf.  A slight
tremor from Sandy cautioned Jim from proceeding further, but his
hands did not stray from their amorous and pleasant task.  Gently
they followed the contours of her fine calf from her ankle to her
lovely knee.  The elegance of her limbs had always amazed and
charmed Jim, but until now he had not known the real passion
associated with flirting with such exquisitely turned ivory.  The
smoothness beneath his touch was awe-inspiring and sent tremors
of his own up and down his spine.  "Hold on, Jim, this delicate
journey has just begun," he said to himself.

     Jim quietly shifted his attentions from Sandy's lovely legs
to her exquisitely sensuous hands resting so close.  He began,
like with her finely turned feet, with a gentle upwards massaging
of her fingers.  They were delicately formed and only slightly
roughened by hard work suiting her demeanor.  Sandy took very
good care of herself and it showed for all to see.  Her elegant
beauty was flawless.  Sandy was striking.  No other words would
do her rare beauty justice.  She was magnificent.  

     Jim smeared more oil to pave the way for his ever-exploring
hands.  Delicately her followed the fingers around, one by one,
pausing at the base of each to implant a kiss of love.  His
tongue would flick out to gentle caress the soft membrane of skin
between each.  The he would continue his kneading on the palms. 
He strived to rub out the cares and anguishes of the hardness of
life with more ointment.  His heart was in it.  The care he felt
flowed more freely than the oil.

     Jim was sure that Sandy had been over come with sleep by
this time.  Not a sound was heard, except her deep, even
breathing.  Her exquisitely lovely face carried a truly joyous
smile into her dreams.  Trust, and maybe love, had found an
outlet.

     No matter how deep the sleep, Jim's labor-of-love was not
consummated.  His hands continued their explore.  But it was
clear that they were no longer under Jim's control as they
lusciously travelled the full range of her exquisitely chiseled
arm.  

     At Sandy's shoulder they paused.  Slowly and determinedly
they slid the towel a little lower so her exquisitely graceful
shoulder was exposed.  Gently he traced each contour from her
shoulders to her Kama neck.  His warm hands gentle pressured the
deep muscles on her back, rubbing them toward her neck to further
the circulation.  When the massage regained her neck it acted
like an aphrodisiac, the sleeping giant in Sandy awoke.  A groan
of passion passed.  Jim paused.  She was quiet again.

     Slowly Jim began again, this time progressing up Sandy's
neck.  He parted her beautiful and delicately soft tresses,
pausing to give, with love, another heart-kiss, his second in
forever.  Continuing, he found her ear and traced it around and
around, swirling into oblivion.  With an oh-so gentle touch, he
persisted in his quest and touched her face of pure beauty.  Her
delicately formed cheeks and nose were traced with great care. 
He linger under her nose and followed her lovely, full lips, so
ripe with passion and desire, now parted, as if in greeting him. 
As his fingers passed they closed to a rosebud to exchange a kiss
of love and opened to reveal a moist tongue hungering for a new
sensation.  The fingers, not what it was looking for, sufficed
for the moment.  With regret Jim left the luscious lips like
orgasmic-blood swollen Mons of Venus and renewed his quest.  His
fingers, with sincere caring and passion traced the slight,
sight, not angry, scar on her cheek fervently wishing to erase
the one blemish to her perfection, but it had become an integral
part of her mysterious beauty.  Renewing his travels Jim reached
her eyes of deep-sea azure sunshine, now glistening with tears. 
A drop was rushed away by gravity.  Jim bent to erase the
remainder with his lips, and his own hot tears mixed passionately
with her's.  Not a word was said.  The exchange of an
immeasurably deep gaze, love from one intertwining with a heart-
felt thanks from the other, stemmed the flow.  The eyes, ever
capable of giving of love more than receiving love, closed to
allow his delicate touch to pass over.

     Jim's trembling hands extended up Sandy's forehead and wound
in amongst her soft brown locks, threading their way down, down
to her shoulders and beyond.  Ardently they searched beneath the
towel to find her back and relieve the tense knots settled there. 
He anointed his hands and applied with ecstatic glee, pressure. 
Discreetly her eased down the towel to waste level to reveal a
pure white-as-snow back demarcated by a perfect tan line.  He
followed the line and moved in to the snow field with sensitive
strokes.  The passion in his touch was clearly evident as he
manipulated her precious skin.

     Jim's efforts gained in strength until they could be
compared with a passionate desire to enter within.  His fingers
spread warmth in an ever-widening circle, encountering the towel
barrier again and again.  His intensity diminished somewhat when
the barrier was knocked askew and his warm hands found the
graceful curving lines of Freyja's treasure, soft mons of
exquisite composition, begging to be circled and traced.  Jim
flirted with each one.  Out of human control, his hands proceeded
to palpate each in turn.  

     "Surely these are Godly creations.  How could anyone view
such luscious mounds as anything but unabashed beauty.  I kiss
each with my heart and mind.  I worship at the shrine of pure
beauty.  I am yours, Sandy.  Forever, I am yours, Oh, One of
Magnificent and Perfect Beauty.  I am eternally grateful for this
moment.  No other could feel such wonder as I do at this moment. 
I share this moment only with you, Sandy, and God.  It is good. 
It is right."

     At that moment Sandy stirred.  "Let me turn over."  "Only if
you help me abide by my promise, Sandy?"  With an anguished,
"No," she struggled to roll over, but Jim had embraced her,
preventing her movement.  "Please."    

     As she ceased struggling, he fleetingly fondled her ripe
buttocks, planting a warm, juicy buss on each.  With one last
regretting gentle squeeze, he replaced the towel again between
shoulder and knee.  "Now, roll, over slowly, Beautiful."

     Slowly she rolled over as Jim held the modesty drape from
slipping.  He gazed into Sandy's eyes, longingly and fervently
desiring to kiss those gentle lips and hold her warm and supple
body close to his.  Instead he gently leaned down and caressingly
kissed the very tips of her big toes, erotic points to many. 
Cuddling her feet in his sensitive hands he began anew his gentle
massaging.  This time his eyes never let hers.  

     Softly and slowly his caressive touch stole to her heels and
ankles and endearingly up her graceful calves to rest, trembling,
on her knees.  Then they traced their way back down, again ending
at her charming toes.  Cautiously, they followed their trail back
up again, ending, daring, on Sandy's enchanting Astarte thigh. 
Like a passionate dog Jim's fingers whiff around exploring the
delicate flesh, occasionally digging into the muscles to sooth
their tension, occasionally just flirting with the sensitive
skin, just sniffing and exploring.  

     All the time the towel remained virtuously in place.  At
some unseen clue he, as before, passed attention from Sandy's
lovely legs to her outstretched and graceful arms, yearning to
embrace the passion she felt, but not wishing to break the magic
spell.  In a friendly, no, a passionate gesture, Jim's fingers
traced the faintly outlined veins, surging with pent up desire,
from her delicate finger tips, across her enchanting hands, up
the sensuous arms, so capable of violent embrace in the throes of
ecstacy, to the softly curving shoulders begging to have resting
on them a head, spent with Love's longings.  

     Like a seized person his fingers relentlessly pursue their
travails from shoulder to delicate finger tip and back several
times.  Each time the trail becomes more comfortable and welcome. 
Sandy's breathing, once deep and even, now comes slightly heavier
and with more effort as the feeling of pure joy invades her very
being.  Her longing to end the invasion and her desire to see it
completed vigorously facing off within her very soul.

     Again the mortal hands of Jim, now firmly in the control of
a higher spirit, struggle to gain control of the lust welling
within, venture slightly under the shade of modesty to caress the
tender, warm flesh of temptation.  Like children exploring
beneath a sheet they blindly and hesitantly creep hither and yon
seeking new avenues.  Clearly they hunger.  The deep muscle
massage, forsaken by Care for the fluttering of a butterfly,
yearns to probe deeper, but the emotions will not allow it.  

     Then an inadvertent quick and unexpected reflex twist by
Sandy, probably caused by being too long in one position, mated
the gentle butterfly and charms of Aphrodite, the crown of
beauty, the lovely dome of motherhood.  With renewed confidence
Jim's soft finger tips cautiously trace the edge of each lovely
breast, around and around, endlessly.  Then with great care they
creep slowly up the steep slope towards the summit.  With barely
perceptible touch the blind fingers alight near the areola.  An
imperceptible take in Sandy's breath is timed exactly with the
moment.  No other sign is given.  Sandy's nipples strain to reach
out to Jim's charmed and smitten touch.  His fingers ever so
gracefully inch toward the luscious erotic bud.  At the moment of
touch sparks of emotion fly between Jim and Sandy, their
passionate gaze never having wavered.  

     No moment was ever quite like this for Jim.  The urge to
kiss those ripe, ruby rosebuds nearly became too much.  To
counteract his unbearable craving he lower his eyes and buried
his face in the towel at Sandy's breast.  Jim's hot, burning
tears of passion were rapacious soaked up by the towel, never
giving them a chance to caress the breasts which had so charmed
to his fingers.  Sandy's soft and delicate arms enfolded the
stricken Jim.  His arms reaching around to embrace Sandy's
beautiful body.

     For many minutes they lay interlocked, captivating all of
the love two mortals could possibly engender.

     While the reader ponders this moment I will offer a special
treat, I hope.  Because different people have different desires
at different times I will allow you to choose your own "ending"
(how I hate that word!) to this scene of beauty.  But first I
must apologize for being such a fumbling and incompetent as to
expect to write with words the beauty of silence and touch and
sight and feeling.  Forgive me, Dear Reader.

     Now for the continuation.  You have four choices (yes, yes,
you may read all of them):

     1)   Real-life
     2)   A story-book
     3)   Sandy's fantasy
     4)   Jim's fantasy
     5)   Jim's desire

CONTINUATION # 1 - THE REAL-LIFE ENDING

     As peace envelopes the snuggled pair, Reality awakes.  Sandy
rises, turns off the VCR and urgently searches out Ken.  At the
exact same instant Jim wakes up in his corner of his own bed.

CONTINUATION # 2 - A STORY-BOOK ENDING

     
     He abruptly gets up and throws off the towel.  

     "Now you are going to get fucked, woman!  F-U-C-K-E-D."

     With that he unzips his pants and reveals a gigantic cock
throbbing with lust.  He grabs her by the hair and thrust her
face into his ram-rod.  Take it in, all the way in.  She was awe-
struck at the enormous proportions.  It must have been eighteen
inches in length and easily three inches across.

     "I can't do that.  I'd choke."  At those words her rammed
his staff into her gaping mouth.  He forced his way as far down
her throat as was possible.  His hands forcible masturbating his
erect cock.  
          
     When he was near climax, he threw her to the bed.  He
gathered a leg in each hand and yanked them over her head so her
knees were by her chest.  He fell on her with a vengeance, the
stark shaft pounding its unholy way into her tight hot box.  Her
cunt was shocked by the intrusion, but the juices flowed freely
as she fought to extricate herself from his firm grip.

     A gigantic thrust tore asunder any semblance of resistance
as she cried out is agony, "OH, God, you are killing me,
OOOOOOHHHH........AAAAHHHHH."  

     Possibly out of compassion, he withdrew his huge tool at
another out burst from her, "NO!  Don't take it out.  I want that
thing deep inside me.  Fuck me hard.  Fuck me deep.  Do it to
me."  

     But he had no intention of quitting.  His firey-red, pulsing
horse-prick drove home again and again to a cry of anguish from
Sandy.  This time the cry bubbled off into a cry of passion.  

     For fifteen minutes he pumped away at her.  Near the end of
his monstrous strokes, punctuated by cries of delight from Sandy
and groans of animal lust from him, exceeded twelve inches.  As
his cock withdrew little streaks of blood could be seen as a sign
of the cruel, but welcome, forcible entry of the rigid steel
cannon of power.

     As she, screamed, "More, more, fuck me more," he rose to the
task.  His balls banged unceasingly against her ass, swelling
towards the breaking point.  

     Then he withdrew his manhood.  As she desperately struggled
to grab the gigantic cock to put it back inside of her, he threw
her hands aside and fell full force on her.  The force rammed all
eighteen inches to her very soul.  The hot flood of cum spurted
inside of her in a stream, a never-ending torrent.  The wad was
so great it bubbled from her punished cunt as she cried as in
death.  

     He grunted in satisfaction and got up.  "Not bad.  Not bad
at all.  Now lick me off."
CONTINUATION # 3 - Sandy'S FANTASY

     Sandy could feel the steady growth of Jim's imposing rod. 
Jim rolls off tearing the towel with him.  Sandy is revealed in
all of her wondrous beauty.  His firm delicate breasts inviting
the cupped hands of Jim to cradle them.  He encircled them, his
thumb and forefinger gently grasping the erect and awaiting
nipples.  Her hands quickly fling Jim's clothes to the far winds
exposing Jim and a wondrous instrument, a full twelve inches of
throbbing manhood.  The breadth brought Sandy upright she
desperately tried to grasp and hold it firmly in one hand, but
found it could not be done, for it was a full pounding three
inches in diameter.  Her sharp intake if breathe brought with it,
"Magnificent!  How could you have kept this from me for so long."

     For many moments Sandy explored in wonder the marvelous tool
of love.  Expertly she allowed her hand to gently caress the
astounding rod.  As she eased her hands around his penis, Jim,
encouraged, renewed his fondling of her breasts.

     Sandy felt giddy with power.  But she also felt giddy with
lust.  She wanted this massive staff of life in her, all the way
inside of her.

     Already she was causing the single-eyed monster to tear. 
Gently she spread the sticky moistness around with her finger
tip, trembling all of the time.  A gentle hand from Jim brought
her back to reality.

     "Remember my promise," he whispered as he knelt before Sandy
and let his soft warm hands creep down to the creams soft fur of
Eros' triangle and the enveloping folds around the grotto of
Amor.  He gently caressed the delicate pink-white flesh
surrounding this heaven-on-earth with his fingers, followed by
the ethereal touch of his hot damp tongue.

     Sandy was not sure what to do.  At first, she said,
"Enough", but Jim would not hear of it, as his gentle tongue
found her clitoris.  Shock-waves of passion boiled up in her.  It
was too much.  She gently held his head in her arms and lay back
to enjoy it.  

     She had always thought that a man's tongue was rough, like
her own, but this didn't feel that way.  Jim was exceeding
gentle.  A few gentle flutters on her clitoris would raise
Sandy's lovely, smooth, curved buttocks off the bed in pure
ecstasy.  Then he would descend and send his tongue deep into her
vagina.  That deeply delicious, warm moist cavern of
sensuousness.  A few long, slow and deep strokes would fire Sandy
to fever pitch, then he would shift back to her lovely little
pink clitoris, enflame with passion.  In between he would wonder
all around her pubic area, pausing here and there to devote
particular attention.  The feelings being generated inside Sandy
were unmistakable and uncontrollable and delicious.

     "You are getting all of the fun, Jim," cried Sandy as she
lifted his head, with difficulty.  "Let me play, too."

     Placing Jim at arms length, she again let her hand slid down
to the gorgeous penis taking in all the various dips and curves
formed by veins filled to capacity, her hunger for it overtook
her curiosity.  "I will not settle for the my inability to
totally feel this wondrous creature with my hands, it must be
absorbed in me, become a part of me."

     Jim climbed up on the bed, swinging his ever-imposing
manhood with him.  She leaned back seductively bringing her
lovely legs up to her chest, opening her treasure trove for the
mad stampede of the raging bull.  Jim leaned over grasping both
lovely breasts in his warm hands, cupping each gentle, and kissed
each risen nipple.  Opening his mouth they exchanged erotic acts,
he being the orifice and she being the erect tool.  When he rose
he said, "One more thing, before I enter heaven."

     As he again lowered himself to explore orally the tunnel of
love, Sandy, cried, "Let me go with you."  She quickly twisted
around so that he could continue his libations at the fountain of
love while she could attend to the care of the stark beauty
poised erect from Jim's groin.  Not only was it staring her
square in the face, but the dangling testicles were drooping,
begging to be fondled.  She gently explored each full-to-bursting
sack.  Trying to capture the elusive contents was sheer joy.  No
matter where she went she never took her eyes off of the one eye
before her.  Even the delightful sensations initiated by Jim
gentle tracing of the contours of her mons did not detract her
from her fascination.

     Quietly she whispered, "I want him now, Jim.  I want you
inside of me now."  He turned and sat cross-legged before her,
soaking up the exquisite beauty lying before him.

     "As I said before, on a lesser occasion, 'The Creator made a
appalling mistake when He disallowed us to make wonderful,
passionate love remotely so we could see our beauty, the beauty
of the human body.'"

     She sat up in front of him.  As Jim reached out to gently
cup her small, luscious, perfectly formed breasts in his warm
hands, Sandy extended her hand and caressed his nipples.  A slow,
fervent kiss, miraculously the first one, exchanged lips several
times.  Cautiously, at first, their tongues explored, as their
hands softly and hesitantly meandered among the newly found hills
and valleys of each other.  Their nipples, rigid, her's being
like lovely, ruby flowers stretching out to Jim.  He paused a
moment to delicately plant a warm, moist kiss on each sweet
breast.  Their fingers continued to enjoy their romped in
paradise, as children at play.

     One of his hands crept up to stroke Sandy's short, soft hair
and fell lovingly to gently caress the back of her neck and ears. 
Soon one abandoned its quest and stole lower to her delicately
smooth, creamy white inner thigh and delicately inched to her
pubic area, rich in erotic senses.  It was still dripping wet
with Jim's saliva and her warm, luscious and sweet vaginal
fluids.  He gently traced the contours of her pubic mound and
tangled his fingers lovingly in her hair.  He leaned over and
plucked a small, perfect, red rose from a vase next to the bed
and wound the stem amongst the fur.  He then tenderly frolicked
over the mons and cautiously ventured further.

     Her hands were far from idle as she caressed his chest and
arms and followed the soft fur down towards the deep and dark
nether regions.  As she reached the mound of soft hair
surrounding his rigid stalk.  It responded with a start.  The
quivering rod stood proudly and majestically upright in the
forest for Sandy to see and hold.  It was a marvel.  With supreme
sensitiveness she slid the foreskin back to expose the glistening
head.  Her finger traced the edges of the glans around and
followed it up to the narrow closed orifice.  Oh, so, gently she
lifted his forbidding penis up and looked it head on.  Her soft
fingers then touched a large serpentine vein and followed it full
length, wondering lazily as she went.  When she reached the root,
the source of the enormous organ's strength, she extended her
hand until she nearly enveloped the rigid staff.  The other hand
stole down still lower to the testicles.  In the heat of passion
they were loose and pliable.  As she valiantly tried to capture
and hold one Jim caused her to start.

     Again he had found her clitoris, her blood-rich bud, flower,
seat of driving passion.  But not until after he had deliciously
sought the hidden depths of her creamy pink vagina, the
love-shrine.  Jim's fluids was perfect to moisten and lubricate
his touch.  With exquisite care and tenderness he surrounded her
exquisitely sensitive flower and caressed every crevice and tip. 
Sandy gave a reflex intake as he reached the tip.  Her moans were
equalled only by his.  Jim dallied with trembling hand as shivers
of passion waved through Sandy's graceful body.

     Together they lavished joyful touch upon tender touch on
each other as they shared this exquisitely lovely and passionate
moment.  As their soft and gentle frolicking continued their
breathing meshed into one.  

     Imperceptibly each clung to the other.  At no time did their
eyes wander from each other, being constantly focused on their
finger's meandering, awed by the innocent and sweet "children"
at play in their enchanted meadow.

     As one they looked at each other as if to verify that their
time was now.  The electricity of the moment was awesome.

     As one Sandy lay back invitingly and Jim gentle covered her. 
He wrapped his arms joyfully around her, she around him.  Except
for their genitals, they were as one.  

     "Now, Jim!"  And she raised her gorgeous limbs around his
sturdy back.  As she reached down to grasp the enormous penis
once more with her hands, he whispered, "You don't need to.  He
will find the way.  How could he help it."

     Gradually this organ of giant proportions lowered to the
duty at hand.  As if guided by a supernatural power, it gently
rolled around the furry mound, as if sniffing for the opening.  A
faint flicker of motion would cause the shaft to pull away from
Sandy's beckoning hearth, but it would quickly return.  

     Then, after what seemed to be an eternity, the magnificent
organ sensed the end, or the beginning as better describes the
situation.  He rested, like taking a deep breath, just above the
vaginal opening.  But before dropping down, he sought out a
friend, the ever-present, ever-patient clitoris.  A quick peck on
her lips, and a return engagement brought shudders of passion to
Sandy as she cried, "Now, come in, now, Jim."  One last drawn out
embrace of the glowing clit by the gentle monster was the
farewell.  Slowly he traced the smooth path down to the warm
embrace of the labial lips, now parted and awaiting.  "Come in,
my friend," they seemed to say in delicious anticipation of the
impending union.

     A gentle prodding by Jim started the long trip home.  The
lips gentle caressing his splendid penis as it entered.  They
stroked the silky and slimy-clean shaft as a steady, urgent, but
gentle, pressure lodged the giant.  

     At that moment Sandy selfishly restrained him from his
appointed task, saying, "I want to say good bye to him."  Her
hands again surveyed all of that splendid shaft and the bubbling
sack of life attached.  The brief dally she had had with the
throbbing penis with her mouth had endowed it with welcome
lubrication.  More was to come.

     "Good bye, magnificent one, God speed."

     Jim's fantastic and warmly glowing penis entered the glory
cave.  The journey home, into the warm, dark, moist cavern of
joy, had begun.  With nearly imperceptible movement they began
the dance of love that could only end their delight.  

     Then, when with obvious reluctance the engorged and turgid
penis, the majestic staff of life, emerged from its friendly and
comfortable home, Sandy cried, "Put him back, please come back
in.  Fill me up."  She slowly and lovingly wrapped her gorgeous,
her perfect legs envelopingly around Jim's loins to enhance her
determination.  Jim's stout penis reacted with joy when Jim felt
the encouragement.  And, after only a short moment, the penis
Sandy so dearly sought disappeared again with relish into the
inner reaches of pleasure.  

     Again he came forth and reentered, each time imperceptively
further home.  Each removal, sheer agony; each return, utter
elation.  After a few well-controlled thrusts Jim entered for
good the sacred Grotto of Love.  While he tenderly, but dogged,
stroked in deeper, out reluctantly, Sandy tighten and relaxed her
grip on his pelvis with her legs.

     Breathlessly, Sandy exclaimed, "Welcome home, my fine penis. 
Come inside and enjoy the comforts of home.  You are always
welcome."  Then in holy silence they continued their dance of
praise to the heavens for the wonderful gift of love.  No two
could have been closer to the heavenly kingdom than Sandy and Jim
at this moment.  And it was good!

     Both Sandy and Jim groaned in unison as the marvelous tool
sunk deep into her safe haven.  Jim's initial short,
lusting-animal jabs magically transform into long,
exquisitely-deep, impassioned caresses.  As each stroke
lengthened Sandy could feel Jim's glorious penis grow and expand
to fill her.  The feeling was overwhelming.  Sandy cried out in
passion for Jim.  "Deeper, Jim, deeper.  I want all of you in me. 
Fill me with your whole self, Jim."  Sandy's lovely legs guided
Jim's active loins to ensure his continuance.  With cautious
insistence she hurried Jim along his well laid path.  

     As the determined rhythms of their rocking pelvises
gradually increased in intensity, their breathing took on a
certain urgency.  With the heavy breathing their pelvic driving
followed suit.  The dogged clutch-release of Sandy exactly tuned
to the earnest thrust-lingering withdrawal of Jim's hips.  His
magnificently sturdy and shimmering penis, never flailing, begged
to remain inside Sandy, but it was not to be...yet.  The fluid
noises of their combined juices, a slight bed-centered squeak and
their passionate breathing were the only sounds.

     Precisely on cue their breathing became more like grunts and
groans as the heated motion of their bodies became more
spontaneous and impulsive and less restrained.  Jim's strokes,
beginning so long ago as imperceivable flickers where now long,
slow, superb strokes of at least six inches.  Where all of his
manhood went was totally lost on the lusting two.

     As their exertion approached the agonizing stage (to a
casual observer) the sensuous groans became a constant barrage of
erotic and carnal grunts.  Sandy attempted to control the
fantastic thrusts of Jim, just to make them linger, but to no
avail.  

     Finally, she conceded, "Enough, Jim.  I am finished."  Then,
for one instant Jim withdrew his towering, flaming rod and then
blindly plunged himself to the hilt into Sandy.  This last
gigantic heave brought Jim into the previously unreached inner
sanctum of Sandy.  Simultaneously, he erupted with a monstrous
and guttural primeval cry.  Sandy fought her urge to scream and
only partially succeeded.  A shrill wail of ecstacy bubbled from
her lips along with the cry, "Oh, no, God!  Don't let it be
finished!  Bring it back."  Their simultaneous cataclysmic orgasm
gushed.  An enormous mass of semen, seemingly Jim's total life's
energy, spewed forth to penetrate every cranny.  As he strove to
extract the last vital drop in her, she cling for dear life with
her graceful long legs and lithe arms enfolding him.  Their
juices became too much for her to hold; their virtual life fluids
flowed freely over them and the bed.  

     And this, too, was good.

     With utter joy, they lay spent in each others arms for more
than a half an hour, gazing into each other's joyful face. 
Snuggling closer, they remained locked, totally engaged.

     Sandy squirmed and uttered a delightful squeal, "Jim, it has
never been like this before.  Can we keep this moment?"  The
rhetorical question went unanswered.

CONTINUATION # 4 - JIM'S FANTASY



     As peace envelopes the snuggled pair, the world departs. 
Only Sandy and Jim are left to enjoy paradise together.  Peace
descends.
CONTINUATION # 5 - JIM'S DESIRE

     With the kindest possible affection for the reader, I must
implore you to not pursue this "continuation."  Jim has expressed
his sincere desire to continue the elaboration on this special
birthday present in the only suitable means - REALITY.  He says
words have little meaning.  The things of real importance are
silence, sight, touch, smell and feeling, but these only when the
lovely and beautiful countenance of the heavenly vision - Sandy -
 is present.  So if you are interested in this continuation
option, please make arrangements to have Sandy accept Jim's
offer.  Otherwise this version will forever be lost to Mankind
and may only be shared in the imagination of Jim and his Maker.

--
