Archive-name: Changes/presto.txt
Archive-author: Robert E. Epps
Archive-title: Presto Change-O


Monday.  Yuck!

Kevin got out of bed with a groan.  The weekend had gone by much too fast for
him!  He wandered sleepily into the kitchen, and poured himself a cup of
coffee.  The aroma itself opened his eyes a little wider. He opened a cupboard
and brought out a powdered donut.  A banana from the fruit bowl on the
counter. Armed with breakfast, he sat down at the dining bar, and turned on
the terminal as he ate.

The Los Angeles Times News Network flashed the morning headlines. Fighting in
New Palestine as usual...  talks continued between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R.
on preventing the proliferation of weapons in space... public teleporter
service was restored after a brief "service problem" last night...  Sunny
skies predicted for today...

He wolfed down the rest of his "breakfast" and dashed up to the bathroom.
Into the shower, aaaahhhhh, out of the shower, into the bedroom, get dressed,
dash down the stairs and out the front door, down the street to the row of
teleporter booths.

Kevin entered the nearest booth and closed the door behind him.  The keypad
and screen were on a panel on one wall at about shoulder level, surrounded by
graffiti of many literary styles.  He punched in the destination code for his
workplace, and then pressed the big green button labeled "GO".

The familiar tingling sensation swept over his body, then a brief feeling of
disorientation.  Those sensations disappeared quickly however, and the screen
above the keypad displayed the word "ARRIVED".

But something felt wrong...

Kevin could not put his finger on what it was.  He opened the door and stepped
outside.  Nothing wrong here -- he was at the corner of Main and Red Hill, and
the Cedar Technologies building stood just to his right, as it did every
weekday morning at about this time.

But something felt very wrong...

Kevin walked toward the building.  People passed him by on the sidewalk, also
on their way to work.  He smiled at them and said "hi" as he always did -- and
found his voice sounding rather strange.  Then he noticed that many of the
poeple around him were staring at him with wide eyes.  His head turned as he
watched one guy pass.  That guy was turning his head to keep his eyes locked
on Kevin, and a smile spread across the man's face.  Kevin quickly spun his
head around to face forward, away from all the staring gazes.

There was a swish of long hair across his back and arms.

Kevin stopped cold in his tracks and felt behind himself.  Long silky hair
cascaded down his back.  He tugged on it, and felt the pull on his scalp.  It
was his own hair...  He looked down, and gasped.  His shirt was pushed forward
and lifted up by a pair of big scrumptuous-looking breasts.  He began to feel
horny at the sight of them, despite the craziness of the situation.  He looked
up again.  Guys continued to stare at him as they passed.  Kevin broke into a
run.

Evrything felt strange...  Those breasts bounced wildly inside his shirt.  He
clutched at them with his hands to still them.  They felt wonderfully soft.
His pants were very tight at the hips, which made running somewhat difficult
and forced him to slow down to a fast walk. He made it to the front door, and
froze again when he saw his reflection in the Plexiglass.  Inside the shirt
and tie, inside the grey pants and dark brown socks and brown leather shoes,
was a stunningly beautiful woman.

Kevin could see Dave and Brian standing in the front hall on the other side of
the door, looking out at him (her!).  They were obviously appreciating the
sight!

He spun around on his heels and ran awkwardly back to the row of teleporter
booths.  Don't panic now, calm down...  He dashed inside, and punched in the
code for his neighborhood, and pressed "GO".  The tingles came and went.  He
stepped out the booth, and looked down at himself again.  Those sexy curves
still strained against the now poorly-fitted clothing.

A man stepped out of a neighboring booth and looked at him with a smile.
"Hi!" he beamed.

"Uh, hi," Kevin managed to squeak, and made a dash for his house before the
man could say any more to him.  From the look in the man's eyes, he had sure
wanted to!

Kevin entered the house and zoomed up the stairs to the bathroom.  He closed
his eyes, steeling his nerves for what he would see when he looked in the
mirror.  Then he opened them.

Kevin's dream girl stared out of the mirror.  His hands drifted up and began
to unfasten the buttons of his shirt.  The hands were trembling, and progress
was slow.  The length of his nails was not helping either!

The last button was unfastened, and he pulled his shirt off.  His boobs
jiggled with the motions, and the horniness returned even stronger then
before.  Kevin just stared at them in the mirror.  They were the kind he would
have sold his soul to bury his face in.  And now he was a she, and those
breasts, and this fabulous body, were HERS.

And that face...

Her hands slid up her sides, and cupped her breasts.  They lifted up, and the
hardening nipples pointed straight out at the mirror.  She squeezed them
together.  They felt so good between her hands.  Her fingers pressed into
them. Luscious titflesh pressed up between them. Her whole body began to
gyrate sexily as she played with her boobs and stared at herself in the mirror.

She unzipped her pants and slid them down her smooth supple legs.  Her sexy
hips looked funny in the Fruit-of-the-Loom briefs, which were stretched almost
to the tearing point.  She slid those off also, and looked in the mirror again
to behold her yummy naked body.

Her hands slid eagerly all over herself, squeezing, caressing, rubbing at soft
skin.  One hand found her pussy and began to rub it.  The lack of a penis felt
bizarre at first, but that was soon replaced by the pleasureable sensations
her fingers were giving her.  Her other hand slid over her boobs and pressed
into them.  Her nipples were very sensitive, and hardened quickly.  She looked
at them in the mirror and wondered what it would feel like to have them sucked
on. The horniness built quickly as she enjoyed the sight and feel of her own
body...

Soon Kevin was on her bed, her body writhing as her hands continued to rub and
squeeze.  Two fingers slipped in between her pussy lips, and her body bucked
with the sudden jolt of pleasure.  Wow!  Those fingers jabbed in and out of
her wet pussy.  They slid in deep and felt the warm moist flesh within.  Her
hips were really moving now, and her boobs wiggled and jiggled across her
chest. Her other hand slid down between her thighs and fingered her pussy lips
as the invading fingers continued to dance about inside her.

The building orgasm lifted her ass up off the bed as she rammed a third finger
into her tight juicy tunnel.  Her body was bucking up and down now, and her
boobs flailed up and down with it, smacking deliciously against her chin.  Her
moans grew louder and louder and turned into yelps of pure pleasure.  Her
fingers dug in really deep, and her body LUNGED as she emitted a loud
"UUUUUHHHH!!!!"  Her torso settled back down on the bed, and her fingers slid
out of her channel, covered with warm sticky juice.  She slid those fingers up
her stomach and swirled them around her breasts, spiraling in toward her
nipples.  Then those sticky fingers slid up to her lips, and her tongue
flicked out to meet them.  They tasted sweet...

Kevin lay there, her body covered with sweat.  What to do???  This body was
fun to have, but how could HE live the rest of HIS life in it?? There was just
no way:  relatives, friends, fellow workers would not believe that SHE was
Kevin Graves!

She had to get HIS body back, she thought with a sigh.  She would sure miss
this one though...

Kevin got up, went to her closet, and searched for any clothing that would not
look so laughable on her body.  She selected a large T-shirt and a pair of
sweat pants.  The pants were still a bit tight, but they stretched well and
managed to not be too uncomfortable as she walked. None of the shoes would
fit, but she found an old pair of sandals that did.

Wearing nothing but T-shirt, sweat pants, and sandals, the sexy woman left
Kevin's house.

She reached the row of teleporter booths, and paused there to contemplate.
Should she go to the Orange County Teleporter District office, or to booth
manufacturer General Electric?  Either way she went, how would she get anybody
to believe what happened?  They'll think I'm a crackpot! she thought glumly.

Guys continued to stare at her as they exited the booths and passed by. She
could not help blushing.  It made her feel so good to be the center of all
this silent attention!  The desire grew within her to just put off solving the
problem until later, and go out and have FUN!

Kevin stepped into an empty booth and punched in her destination: South Coast
Plaza.  She pressed "GO" and waited for the tingling to come and go.  Then she
stepped out of the booth into the bustling shopping mall.

She strode over to a teller machine, held up her I.D. bracelet to the sensor
plate, and proceeded to withdraw three hundred dollars.  Luckily for her, this
was not one of those machines that performed a photo check!  The entrance to
Twenty-First Century Beachwear was just a few meters away, so she went in
there first.

Trying on skimpy bikinis was an absolute delight!  The saleslady seemed rather
puzzled by Kevi's (the name she'd adopted) enthusiasm for it. Kevi stood naked
before the full-length mirror in the dressing room, and selected potential
purchases on a terminal.  Each selected bikini was projected in 3D in the
mirror, on top of her reflection.  The image of the bikini moved as her body
moved, so she could see how it looked from all sorts of angles.  It looked
amazingly like she was wearing the actual bikini.

Kevi was rapidly becoming HORNY as she gazed upon her sexy body, barely
concealed by the various styles of beachwear!  She couldn't wait to actually
wear them at the beach...

She purchased the bikinis which made her feel the most horny, and then headed
across the mall to Miller's Outpost.  An hour later she emerged with a pair of
summer shirts and several tight and revealing pairs of OP shorts, one pair of
which she was now wearing in place of the sweat pants.  Her beautiful sexy
legs drew even MORE stares!

In Rooten's Luggage she purchased a large and elegant carry bag in which she
could lug around her outfits.  Then she returned to the row of teleporter
booths and waited in line for an empty one.  Two men stood in line behind her,
and their eyes were obviously crawling all over her body.  She smiled at them,
and decided to have some fun.

Kevi's body moved so sexily as she turned around to face them.  "Do I know
you?" she asked the nearest guy, a tall and well-built blonde. "You look
vaguely familiar..."  She shifted her stance, and her breasts thrust out
beneath her T-shirt toward the clearly turned-on men.

"Er, uh, I don't think so, but I would certainly like to get to know you!" the
blonde replied.  "What's your name?"

"Kevi.  Yours?"

"Dan.  This is my friend Carl."  He turned to indicate his companion, also
quite good-looking.  Kevi smiled even wider.  "Nice to meet both of you.  I
just came her to pick up some goodies for the beach.  I'm headed there now.
Where are you guys headed?"

They replied quickly and in unison.  "The beach!"

"O.k., well then follow me!  I'm going to Corona -- the code is 25411. But
then you probably already know that..."  A booth became free, and she was the
next in line.  "See ya there, if you're interested!"  She dashed into the
booth, and teleported herself to Corona Del Mar.

She sat down on a bench next to the booths, and waited to see if Dan and Carl
would come.  Sure enough, they emerged one after the other from the same booth
she did, and they smiled and waved as they spotted her.

"Just a minute guys, I'm gonna go change.  Be right back!"  She got up and
headed into the ladies' room with her bag of goodies.

Her horniness level rose another notch as she found herself among a half dozen
or so other women in various stages of undress.  She could not help watching
them for a moment.  Then she stripped off her T-shirt and shorts, and selected
a bikini.  It took her an embrassing moment to figure out how to put it on,
but she finally managed.  Then she pulled the T-shirt back on.  Didn't want to
expose everything right away! she thought with a grin.  Her sexy thighs and
much of her hips were fully exposed already, and would attract much attention
by themselves.

Kevi stepped out of the dimness of the ladies' room into the bright sunshine.

Carl wolf-whistled, making Kevi giggle.  She waved her hand at them and said
"you guys!" with mock exasperation as they stared at her with even wider eyes.
Her bra really lifted her boobs and made them jut out, and it also made her
shirt lift up in front, revealing her navel and the front of her waist.  The
panties covered very little:  basically just a string that became a little
wider to cover the pussy lips and a bare minimum of surrounding hair.  As she
walked, the string rubbed lightly against her pussy.  She though that she
might have an orgasm right there, just from walking!

She put a hand above her eyes to shield them from the sun as she gazed at the
strip of beach that stretched before her.  For a weekday, it was surprisingly
crowded!  Muscular tanned beach studs and gorgeous beach babes soaked up the
sun, lying on towels or walking along the edge of the water.  She turned
toward where Dan and Carl had been, but they were gone!  She looked around,
but could not see them anywhere nearby. Oh well, she thought with a sigh, and
headed onto the sand to look for a spot to spread the blanket she'd also
picked up at the mall.

The faces of several guys broke into grins as Kevi selected a spot between
theirs.  She spread out her blanket and sat down on it.  She looked around
her, smiling and mouthing the word "hi" at anyone who was looking her way.
Then, slowly and sexily, fully aware of the eyes upon her, she grasped her
shirt and pulled it off over her head.

Her succulent flesh glistened in the sun as she leaned back on her elbows and
stretched her legs out in front of her.  Then she reached into her bag and
brought out the bottle of Coppertone MaxiTan.

For the next ten minutes she blew away the minds of the men around her as she
applied the lotion all over her luscious body.

She started by applying a dollop to each thigh, and then rubbing her thighs
slowly and sensuously, spreading the lotion around.  When her hands reached in
between her thighs and spread the lotion upward, she thought she heard someone
sucking in his breath sharply.  She grinned, and continued to spread lotion on
her sexy legs.

Next she squeezed some lotion from the bottle onto her stomach, and began
rubbing it around there.  Her hands spiraled outward, caressing and coating
her sides and waist and hips.  Oooooh those delectable hips....  Guys who had
been walking by behind her were now stopped in their tracks as they watched.

Now it's time to really drive them WILD! thought Kevi happily.

Her big beautiful boobs thrust out succulently as she squeezed a line of
Coppertone across the top of them.  Then her hands pressed against them and
began to spread the lotion all over.  She squeezed and kneaded them to the
horny delight of the growing number of male spectators, being careful not to
let them slip out of the very revealing bra.  Not YET, anyway, she thought
lustily.  But soon...

She sat up straight, making her boobs jiggle and bounce and thrust out even
more, and applied the lotion to her back.  If Dan and Carl were here, they'd
be getting to apply it to her back for her, but they went and disappeared on
her! If they could only see what they were missing.

Kevi closed the bottle and put it down on the blanket next to the bag. Then
she lay down on her elbows again, and gazed serenely around her as her
succulent body soaked up the sun.  Her long brunette hair cascaded down behind
her shoulders and fanned out over the blanket.

Nearly all of the men nearby had reoriented their towels and blankets so they
could continue to gaze upon her as they lay in the sun.  A few couples had
moved somewhere else on the beach (perhaps over the plaintive protests of the
males?).  She smiled as she caught the eyes of many of the men.  One young
man's eyes almost seemed to glaze over as her beautiful eyes met his, and then
he shyly looked down at his blanket.  She continued to look at him, and when
he glanced up again his eyes widened with surprise.  Kevi blew him a kiss and
continued to scan the crowd around her.

She was quickly deciding that she would like to remain a girl for the rest of
her life.  She'd never been able to have so much fun with other people when
she was lowly ol' Kevin!

The jetty extended out into the ocean to her right.  People were climbing
around on the big rocks that formed the jetty, and she could see a man sitting
on one of the rocks and looking straight at her through a pair of binoculars.
He saw her looking at him, put down the binoculars, and waved.  She waved back
at him and giggled.

Feeling happy and so carefree, she lay back on the blanket, closed her eyes,
and relaxed.  Her imagination took over, imagining all the horny guys around
her still staring at her scrumptuousness and probably imagining in their own
minds what it would be like to be pressed up against her and making hot
wonderful love to her.

She hoped that she'd be able to make a dream come true for at least one of
them today.  Her horniness grew even more as she imagined herself pressing her
body up against that of the shy young man and wrapping her arms around him as
her lips press against his, driving him to hitherto unknown levels of sexual
delight and ecstasy!

Kevi opened her eyes and looked behind her to see if the young man was still
there.  He still lay there in the same position, though his eyes were now on a
paperback book he was reading.  When he lifted it up and turned the page, she
quickly glanced at its cover.  It was a Martin Briar sci fi novel entitled
"The Raid on Mirandi".  A fellow Briar fan! She wanted to approach him, say hi
to him.  But he seemed so shy.  A stunning beauty like her would probably send
him into shock!

It never even once occured to Kevi that her desire to get to know this man
intimately would seem rather odd, considering that she was once a guy.  But it
was so natural now, as though she'd been female all her life!

The young man glanced up at her.  She smiled at him.  His eyes widened again,
and he seemed almost to fall into a trance.  He was lying on his stomach, and
his hips shifted a little, apparently trying to get comfortable. Was he
growing hard under there?  He snapped his eyes away suddenly and bit his lower
lip as he tried to return his attention to the book.

Kevi turned over on her stomach and propped herself up on her elbows, facing
him.  The next time he looked up, not only did he find himself able to look
into those beautiful eyes again, but he could look at the swell of her
magnificent breasts pressed between her upper arms and squeezed by the bra.
He just stared for a moment, and then put his forehead down on his arms and
shook his head back and forth.  When he looked up again, she could see that he
had been laughing.  He smiled broadly as he looked at her.  Then his smile
changed to an expression of surprise, and he gulped, when Kevi got to her feet
and walked toward him, her hips swaying with crotch-stiffening sexiness.

She sat down right next to him on his blanket, propping herself up on one hand
and resting on her hip with one leg bent, the other straight. "Hi," she said
to the stunned young man.

"H-h-hi!" he stammered.

"Have you read 'Kavaerian Legends'?" she asked, briefly glancing at his
paperback.  "I think it's his best story."

He seemed to relax a bit.  "So do I!  Er, by the way, I'm Robert."

"Hi Robert!  I'm Kevi."  She looked at him and smiled.  Her friendliness was
definitely calming him.  I'm not what he expected, that's for sure! she
thought with an inward grin.  She picked up the book and turned it over to
look at the cover.  It was one she had not yet read. "Is this one good?"

"Mmmm yeah!  Not as good as 'Legends' or 'The Pride of Waylock', b-but it's a
fun story anyway.  I read that they are planning to make a holofilm of
'Waylock'.  I bet that'll be good!"

"They are?" she asked in amazement.  "There've been so few good films out the
past couple of years that I've just about given up on there EVER being
anything good again.  But this one should be good!"

They continued to chat for a while about the stories of Martin Briar. He was
something of a cult writer, with a devoted following unmatched since the great
story tellers like Arthur C. Clarke, Isaac Asimov, and Stephen King more than
a half-century ago.  Kevi was genuinely excited to find somebody who shared
her interested in Briar's stories. The more they chatted, the more relaxed and
open Robert became.  Kevi felt really comfortable with him.

And she wanted to make love to him so badly.  And she was quite sure that he
wouldn't mind!

"Would you like to take a walk with me?" she asked him.

"S-sure!" he replied.  They got to their feet together, and walked to the edge
of the water, then along it.  They continued to talk, first more aboout Martin
Briar, then about sci fi in general, then about each other's hobbies and
interests.  Kevi had the feeling that Robert was telling more to her now than
he'd ever told anyone else in his whole life.

They reached the end of that strip of beach, and began walking back along the
same path.  They passed their starting point and continued walking toward the
jetty.  Then they turned right and headed toward the rocky hill which
separated the main beach from the secluded cove.

"I love going in here," Kevi said as they climbed the hill.  "Much less
crowded, and there are shells and tide pools and all kinds of things to look
at and explore!"  And there are the caves, she thought...

"Yes it is nice, and also good for snorkeling!" Robert replied.  They
descended a stairway and found themselves on the shore of the little cove,
surrounded on three sides by sheer cliffs.  Huge rocks were scattered along
the beach, extending way out into the ocean.  People climbed among them and
sat together on top of them.

And maybe made love, though Kevi dreamily.

Behind where they stood, an opening in the rock wall lead into a system of
caves. Kevi pointed at the opening and said, "let's check that out!"

Robert looked doubtful.  "I don't think anyone is allowed in there. There are
metal bars inside there to keep people out."

"Yeah, but a few of the bars are missing!  Come on, nothing in there will hurt
us.  Let's go!"  With that, she ducked inside the opening. Robert watched her
sexy frame disappear into the shadows, and followed along behind her.

The ceiling sloped from about three feet high at the opening to about a foot
and a half where the bars were.  As Kevi had stated, several bars were indeed
missing, and she wriggled through one of the gaps. Robert felt a pang of extra
horniness watching her wriggle like that. He could not believe he was with
such a beautiful girl!  Her voice floated out of the darkness.  "Come on!"  He
squeezed through the bars and waited for his eyes to adjust to the darkness
before continuing.

The ceiling rose to about seven feet above the sandy floor.  A small amount of
light came in through the opening, barely enough to see by. Kevi stood in the
center of the room, looking at the rock formations on the walls.  Robert
looked at them to, and then his eyes were drawn to her.  She backed up toward
him, still looking at the walls and ceiling.

Then she turned around and embraced him.

Her big delicious breasts squeezed against his chest and her stomach pressed
against his, as her arms wrapped around him.  Her lips came to within an inch
or so of his lips, and she looked him in the eye and said in a sultry voice,
"I've been wanting to do this to you ever since I saw you."  She rubbed her
chest back and forth across his. Then her lips pressed against his.

Robert seemed to be in a state of shock for a moment, and then his lips and
tongue finally got into gear and began to kiss.  At first his lips did not
seem to know quite where to go, and his tongue just tried to stay out of the
way of hers as she snaked it deep into his mouth. This is his first kiss!!
realized Kevi delightedly.  She embraced him even tighter as she ground her
lips against his and dove deep inside his mouth with her tongue.

Robert suddenly sprang to lusty life.  His tongue bore into her mouth, snaking
all about, feeling her lips and teeth and gums and the roof and sides of her
mouth.  His hands began to caress her back, and then they slid up and down her
sides and rubbed her shoulders.

Both of them were consumed by the raging fires of uncontrolled passion.

Robert's hands slid back behind her and fumbled with the knot that tied her
bra in back, and finally managed to untie it.  The bra soon fell to the
ground. Kevi pulled Robert's shirt off, and then pressed her bare boobs
against him. That turned him into an uncontrollable animal!

His face and hands all headed for those luscious mounds of pleasure. His hands
got there first, pressing them together, feeling them, enjoying their
softness, their squeezableness.  This was the first time he'd ever felt
breasts.  He certainly never thought he'd ever get to play with boobs like
THESE!  He lifted them up and squeezed them and played with them, watching
with horny fascination how they jiggled and wiggled and squeezed and moved
around as he fondled them. Kevi moaned and sighed with pleasure.  After all,
this was the first time she'd ever had her breasts played with by someone else!

The nipples rapidly grew hard and erect, pointing right at Robert and driving
him WILD.  His tongue landed on one and tickled it and swirled around it.  Her
flesh tasted so good, so sweet...  And the feel of her titflesh as his tongue
dug into it was beyond any pleasure he'd known before.  He embraced Kevi
tighter as he buried his whole face into her big breasts.

Kevi too was being driven wild by all these sensations.  Her hands slid all
over his body as far as they could reach, and they grabbed hold of his shorts
and slid them down.  The underwear soon followed, and Kevi could then feel his
super-stiff cock against her waist.  She slipped one hand around it, feeling
its warmth and hardness and the way it hrobbed and pulsed.  Ooooooh....  She
began to stroke it gently as she caressed his back and rear with her other
hand.

Robert was in heaven.  His face remained buried in her chest.  His hands
squeezed them together against his cheeks, and his fingers played with her
nipples.  Then he slid his mouth over and took one of those tasty nipples deep
inside.  He tried to push as much of her big boob inside his mouth as he
could. The succulent flesh filled the inside of his mouth with pleasureable
softness. He munched and sucked on that tasty tit.  Then he went after the
other one. They both tasted so yummy!  He pressed them together and pushed
both of her nipples into his mouth.  Mmmmmmm....

Kevi kissed the top of Robert's head as he showered her chest with wonderful
pleasures.  She stroked his cock faster now, and could feel him grow even
hotter and more intense as she did so.  Somehow he managed to tear himself
away from her luscious chest, and his tongue slid up her neck to the base of
her jaw, then along her jaw to her mouth.  This time his kissing was far more
confident, more vigorous. Their arms wrapped around each other as they kissed
with fiery passion.

Their legs slowly gave way under them, and soon they were on the ground
rolling around, still kissing and kissing and kissing.  The feel of the sand
against their now-naked bodies only fueled their fires even more! And the
thought that someone could come into the cave and find them there making hot
love sat in the back of their minds and added even more to the heat within
them.

Robert's animalism reared its head again as he devoured her body all over,
kissing and licking and gnawing her flesh all over at random. He dug his hands
underneath her and pressed her body up against him, pushing her silky smooth
skin against his face so he could devour her even more.  Her sexy body writhed
and undulated and her arms and legs flailed about as he feasted upon her
lovely form.  She had never known such pleasure before!  To have her body so
vulnerable to this wildman's every pleasure, ooooooh it made her so HOT!

Robert's mouth quickly found her moist pussy, and his tongue wasted no time.
It wiggled its way in between her lips and explored the flesh within.  He
gripped her luscious thighs with his hands as he pressed his lips against her
pussy and drove his tongue into her as far as he could.  Her hips bucked all
about, making his lips and nose rub against her pussy and driving her even
wilder.  His hands slid up her body and gripped her jiggling breasts as he
continued to drive her to new heights of pleasure with his tongue.

He slid forward on top of her and pressed his chest against hers.  His hands
slid outward along her arms and grasped her hands as he planted his lips on
hers.  She could feel his stiff cock rubbing against her pussy as they kissed
and their bodies ground together.  Then he slid one hand down, took hold of
his cock, and guided it into her.

Kevi thought she had felt the limits of sexual pleasure already, but that was
shattered by the incredible feeling of Robert's cock driving into her tight
pussy!!  Her whole body tensed, and she gripped his back tight, her
fingernails digging into his skin.  He pushed himself all the way into her,
and got up on his elbows as he began to move his hips up and down.  That hard
cock felt so incredible to Kevi as it rammed in and out of her love channel.
The heat and pressure that was wrapped around his cock was like nothing Robert
had ever felt before either!

His cock moved in and out of her for quite a while, and then he stopped to let
his hips rest.  His cock was still buried deep inside her as he lay down on
top of her and kissed her deeply.  They embraced tightly as their tongues
dueled and danced.  His cock began to move slowly in and out again as they
continued to kiss and embrace.  That lasted for several minutes, and then he
got up on his elbows again and began to ram his cock into her with even more
force than before.  Her whole body rocked back and forth with the rhythm that
he generated with his powerful strokes.

After a few minutes they rested and kissed, then more hot fucking, then
another rest and hot passionate kiss, then he drove his cock in and out of her
even faster.  Kevi had already come several times, each time at least as
wonderful as the last, and Robert could feel it building rapidly.  He SHOVED
his cock into her, banging his crotch against hers and smacking their hips
together, and then after a few more such ultra strokes his cock GUSHED hot
sticky gum into her.  He continued to ream her forcefully, and then slowed
down.  Then he pulled out of her and rubbed the tip of his cock against her
pussy hairs, dribbling cum all over her crotch.  Then his body settled down on
top of hers, and they embraced tightly, enjoying the feeling of each other's
body pressed tightly against theirs.  More hot kissing and embracing and
devouring of luscious breastflesh consumed the next couple of hours.

Some time later they sat together in a Williams' Family Restaurant, eating
fresh seafood dinners while they rubbed their legs together affectionately
underneath the table.  Robert could think of only one thing:  making more hot
love with this incredible woman as soon as possible!  He was head over heels
in love.

Kevi thought the same things.  And she knew that there was no going back to
her former life.  There probably was no way to go back anyway. She would have
to start a new life, find a new job. But she had Robert.

And she was so happy.


--
