                  BIRTHDAY PRESENT

                   by V.P. Viddler


     "Happy birthday to you," Donald sang. "Happy birthday to 
you. Happy birthday, dear Harold, happy birthday to you."

     "Thanks a bunch," I said.

     "And now," Donald said. "What would you like for your 
birthday?"

     "Your sister," I said.

     "Ah. Is that right?" Donald said. "You want Donna for your 
birthday?"

     "Right."

     "But you know Donna doesn't want anything do do with you, 
don't you?" Donald said.

     "All the better," I told him. "It would make it more 
stimulating."

     "That's what I thought," Donald said. "All right, Donna. You 
can come in now."

     And Donna came into the room. Donna. Donald's little sister. 
Still in high school. Young. Lovely. Voluptuous. Haughty. 
Untouchable. And now naked. And now, bound, with her wrists tied 
behind her back. And now, with a gag in her mouth. And now, 
shaking with rage and fright and shame and helplessness. Long 
blonde hair hanging down. Breasts thrusting. Thighs alluring. 
Dark eyes staring, glaring, blazing, despairing. And naked. Donna 
was stark, staring naked. Except for a sash that was draped 
across her body. A sash that said, "Happy Birthday, Harold."

     "Two minds with but a single thought," Donald said. "Which 
is the subjugation of an attractive but headstrong young girl. 
Although Donna is my sibling, I am not at all unaware of her 
smoldering sexuality. Not a bit of it. In fact, I will now 
confess that for a long time I have thought of having that young 
body, to play with, just like a toy. To do with as I would. So I 
took it. Didn't I, Donna?" Donald paused.

     Donna didn't say anything. Not that she could, with that 
gag, but she did not respond in any way at all.

     Donald said again, "Didn't I, Donna?" and put his hand on 
her shoulder.

     Donna began to tremble. She bit at her lip, and then nodded.

     "That's right," Donald said. "I took it. I raped my sister. 
It was a task, though. I had to break her spirit first. So I did 
that. Would you like to know how, Harold?"

     "Okay," I said.

     "It's quite fascinating," Donald said. "But actually, you 
might enjoy it still more if Donna told you herself. That would 
give it a certain piquancy, wouldn't you say? Having her describe 
the destruction of her will by her own brother. How she was 
broken. Think of her doing that for you while you fuck her."

     Donna was crying now, muffled sobs issuing from her choked 
throat.

     "That gag can come out so Donna can talk about it," Donald 
said. "It isn't actually necessary, but it makes a nice touch, 
don't you think? And while you fuck her, I think she should be 
tied down. Bound spread-eagled and stretched out tight. Spread 
for you. Would you like that, Harold?"

     "I'd like it," I said.

     "Would you like that, Donna?" Donald said.

     Donna made whimpering sounds.

     "Good," Donald said.

     "Good," I said. "Is Donna a good rape?" I said to Donald.

     "Fantastic," Donald said. "Just fantastic. Because she hates 
it so much, she struggles and fights and squirms and twists and 
thrashes about, and it gives you such a ride you want to fuck her 
always. Right, Sis?"

     Donna sank to her knees on the floor, sobbing and moaning.

     "A good position if you want her to suck your cock first," 
Donald said.

     "No," I said. "Not now. Later. Now I want to fuck her 
luscious young body."

     "All right. Let's drag her inside and lash her down on the 
bed and fuck that form to our heart's content."

     "And then you can show me how you broke her."

     "Oh, good. I'd love to do it again. I'll have her crawling 
for you."

     "Good," I said. "But first I want you to work on her until 
she sings Happy Birthday to me. I want her to sing Happy 
Birthday, dear Harold, as she's lying spread open and naked and 
fucked half to death."

     "Okay," Donald said. "But you'll hear her sing a lot of 
other tunes first, I expect. Loud ones. Not always modulated. 
Most wild, shrieking tunes."

     "I can't wait," I said.

     Donna said, "NNGGH MMPHHH URGHH EKK MHMHMHMHMH NNAUURRRLLL 
UNH UNH UNH UNH UNNNGGHHGH." And so on, and Donald and I hurt her 
a lot and Donna strained in agony and the sash read Happy 
Birthday, Harold.

     And Donna sang for us for a long time...
