Archive-name: Bestial/prince.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Prince and his Princess


     I was  born and  raised  on a  farm just  south  of Atlanta.    Our
 farmhouse is one  of the old  style homes with  a porch running  around
 three sides of the first floor.  I used to climb out on the porch  roof
 and run around to the  old apple tree on the  side of the house when  I
 wanted to get out without my parents  seeing me.  One night when I  was
 sneaking out to go  with some friends I  passed by my younger  sister's
 window and  noticed that  her shade  wasn't pulled  all the  way  down.
 Leaning down, I looked into  her room to see her  in front of her  full
 length mirror dressed  only in  bra and  panties.   Apparently she  was
 admiring her  budding fourteen  year  old body  since she  twisted  and
 turned, watching her reflection.  She turned sideways and sucked in her
 breath, forcing her chest  outward and her  flat stomach even  flatter.
 Her hands went to her breasts and she lifted them higher, watching  the
 white flesh bulging  out of the  top of the  cups.  I  decided that  my
 friends would have to do without me that night, and I sat on the  porch
 roof and watched her reach behind  to unsnap her bra, letting the  cups
 slide down her arms and onto the floor.

     Her nipples were  as big around  as a silver  dollar and the  whole
 nipple stood out from her firm breast, but there was no evidence of the
 hard, pointed nipple like my girl  friend has.  She cupped her  breasts
 and lifted and massaged them, watching all the time in the mirror.  Her
 fingers pinched at the nipple flesh, rubbing and caressing the exciting
 redness.  Rolling her panties off her legs, she opened the soft  petals
 of her pussy with her fingers,  watching the pink flesh appear  through
 the soft brown  down of  her cunt  hairs.   She licked  her finger  and
 rubbed  her  clit,  twisting  it   and  poking  as  she  watched   with
 fascination, her juices starting to run down her soft, shapely  thighs.
 Suddenly her hand  started moving faster  and faster, and  I pulled  my
 cock out and started rubbing along with her.  As my cum spurted from my
 prick in long streams of sticky, hot fluid, she shuddered and came, her
 body jerking in response to the pleasure.  From that night on, whenever
 she went to her bedroom, I would climb out on the roof and try to watch
 her.  Fortunately for my schoolwork, she usually closed her shade so  I
 could go back to my homework, but occasionally she left an inch or  two
 uncovered and I could watch her undress and play with her body.

     One night when my folks went to Atlanta to a party, she took my Lab,
Prince,
upstairs when she went to bed.  I was kind of ticked off anyway since I
had to stay home on Friday to babysit, so I pouted in the den  watching
television.  Then  I remembered!   I raced  upstairs and  out onto  the
roof.   I could  see from  the light  on the  roof that  the shade  was
partially open so I crept up to the  window.  Kathy was on her back  on
the edge of  the bed with  her legs  spread wide as  Prince licked  her
cunt, his long pink tongue painting her entire pussy with each  stroke.
I could hear  the slushing sounds  as his saliva  mixed with her  pussy
juices, the overflow dripping off her ass onto the floor.  Her  fingers
were busy  caressing  her tits,  pulling  and squeezing  the  prominent
nipple flesh as her body convulsed in orgasm.  Excited by the taste and
aroma of her  juices, Prince's cock  was poking pinkly  from his  black
crotch, and he  tried to mount  her, but she  resisted, sitting up  and
stroking his head.   She  got off the  bed and  sat at his  side.   She
coated her tits with  peanut butter and brought  Prince's mouth to  her
tits.  His tongue flicked out and licked the sticky substance from  her
body while she jacked him off with her hand.  She dipped her hand  into
the jar and  coated her cunt  with the brown  butter, drawing  Prince's
head to her crotch as she lay face up below him, her dainty hand  still
jacking his prick.  As the ball rose in the dog's prick, Kathy  started
to twist  and squirm  from the  pleasure  of his  cunt licking.    Long
streams of cum shot from his cock  and coated her chest and stomach  as
she hunched her pussy into the  air, groaning with the pleasure as  the
second wave of orgasm wracked her young body.  Watching her getting  it
on with my dog caused me to cum  twice also, but I was still hard  when
she turned off the lights and got into bed, Prince sleeping on the  rug
by her bed.

     I waited for her to  have plenty of time to  get to sleep and  then
 turned off all the lights  in the house.   I carefully opened her  door
 and crept into  her room  on hands and  knees.   Prince's tail  started
 wagging and hitting the floor,  so I had to  quiet him by stroking  his
 massive black head.  I crept closer to the bed and listened to the even
 sounds of her sleep as  I touched her arm gently  to make sure she  was
 sound asleep.  I raised the cover and sheet, putting my head under with
 my small flashlight in  my mouth.  Her  pajamas had small buttons  down
 the front, with snaps on the front  of her bottoms.  Her breasts  poked
 the front  of her  pjs into  twin  peaks of  beautiful roundness  as  I
 carefully undid three buttons, exposing an inch of tender flesh to  her
 navel.  Gently, I pulled the top back to each side, completely exposing
 her small but magnificent breasts.  Her beautiful, large nipples looked
 as if they  were begging to  be sucked, and  it was all  I could do  to
 restrain myself.  I licked one finger and rubbed the moistness into her
 sensitive flesh, making one nipple gleam in the flash light.

     She twisted in  her sleep, her  legs spreading slightly  so that  I
 could see a few tufts of light brown hair through the loose legs of her
 panties.  I took my cock out  and began stroking as I carefully  pulled
 her pants leg to one side, exposing her entire slit.  Downy light brown
 hair was only starting to cover her cunt, so her pink pussy lips  shone
 in my flashlight, and  I could smell  her erotic aroma.   My hand  beat
 faster and faster, drawing  the third blast  of cum that  night.  As  I
 rubbed the  sticky white  cum  into my  skin,  I felt  Prince's  tongue
 licking my fingers and the knob of my cock!  The unexpected warmth  and
 wetness was fantastic, and I started  cumming even again as his  tongue
 licked the entire length of my shaft.

     Completely sated, I suddenly realized what  I was doing.  If  Kathy
 awakened or if my folks came home, I was dead.  Gently I slipped out of
 the covers  and crept  to the  hallway, with  Prince following  behind.
 Softly closing her door, I ran to the kitchen and got the jar of  jelly
 and took Prince  to my room.   I coated  my cock and  balls with  grape
 sweetness and  let Prince  lick and  suck the  purple passion  from  my
 shaft.  Once I was  soaking wet from his saliva,  I spread jelly on  my
 crotch, from  my balls  to my  ass hole  and let  him lick  it while  I
 masturbated.  The sensation of his tongue on my ass hole and balls  was
 more than  I could  stand, and  I forced  his head  over my  cock as  I
 started to  spurt  once again.    The warm  wetness  of his  mouth  was
 wonderful as I came for the fourth time that night.  And I had been mad
 because I wasn't going to be able to have any fun!

     That afternoon, my mother  told me I was  going to have to  babysit
 again that evening because my father was in the working on a "big deal"
 and they  had to  go to  Atlanta  again to  meet with  his  prospective
 partners.   I  had to  argue  and sulk  or  she would  immediately  get
 suspicious, but secretly I was excited at the prospect of repeating  my
 erotic encounter of the  night before.  Mentally  and secretly I  urged
 Kathy to go upstairs and get ready for bed.  She was lying on the floor
 in front of  the TV with  her calves in the air.   From my position,  I
 could see the crotch of her white cotton panties under her short  skirt
 and just the hint of the thrust of her breast pushing out the front  of
 her sweater.

     At 9:00 she reached up and turned the TV off, rolling onto her side
 and spreading  her legs  so that  her skirt  bunched up  at her  waist,
 completely exposing her crotch.  "I  enjoyed what you did last  night,"
 she said.  "After you  left, I rubbed myself off  two more times.   But
 you've seen me and  I haven't seen you.   I want to  see you and  touch
 your thing while you touch me again."  She got up and told me to  wait,
 leaving the room and walking to the stairs.

     I started rubbing  my prick through  my jeans and  I could feel  it
 growing down my left leg, the  shaft squeezing through the tight,  blue
 material.   I heard  Kathy walking  down the  stairs and  she  appeared
 before me  in her  pajamas,  the same  ones that  she  had had  on  the
 previous night.   "Take  off your  shirt," she  said, and  I  complied.
 "Don't touch  me," she  warned as  her fingers  explored my  chest  and
 shoulders.  Her fingers went to  my nipples and she rubbed and  prodded
 them, asking, "Are they as sensitive as  mine?"  As I nodded "yes"  she
 pinched one between her fingers saying, "Sometimes I like to pinch mine
 hard.  It  makes my pussy  tingle and start  to get wet."   I felt  the
 sharp pain radiate to my cock, and it grew even more.

     "Oooh, did I  hurt you?   Let me kiss  it and make  it well."   Her
 mouth descended to my nipple and I  felt her warm lips engulf the  hard
 skin and her tongue licking its tender surface.  "Does that feel  good?
 I like it when  Prince licks mine,"  she said as  she stepped back  and
 began to  unbutton her  pajama top.   Holding  the front  together  she
 asked, "Do you think my breasts are funny looking?  All the other girls
 have hard, pointed nipples and mine  are just one rounded shape.   Mine
 are larger than theirs  and all of  my nipple pokes  out, not just  the
 tip."  I assured her that her  breasts were exciting and beautiful.   I
 told her that I wanted to kiss hers just like she kissed mine.

     She took her top off and cupped her breasts in her hands,  pinching
 her nipples between her finger and thumb, pulling the tender flesh  out
 from her body.  I reached for her breasts and began to stroke the  soft
 mounds of white  teenage flesh.   At fourteen, her  breasts were  still
 growing and there was no sag.  They were shaped like melon halves,  and
 were nearly as firm.  She put her hands on top of mine and crushed  her
 breasts with my palms, rubbing the firmness up and down as my calloused
 skin drug her  tits along.   "Suck them,"  she commanded  as her  hands
 forced my head to  her chest.   I opened my mouth  and took her  entire
 tit, licking the nipple as I sucked her breast.  I could feel the ridge
 of her nipple against my tongue as my saliva bathed the soft whiteness,
 making it slippery and shiny.

     "I want  you to  bite them,"  she  said, pulling  her tit  from  my
 sucking mouth.  I  took her nipple between  my front teeth and  nibbled
 softly, pulling  at her  tenderness gently.   "Harder!"  she  commanded
 through clenched teeth, and I  increased the pressure on the  sensitive
 skin at the base of  her nipple.  She grabbed  my head and twisted  and
 pulled it, causing  my teeth  to drag  and pull  on her  nipple as  she
 moaned, "Enough!  I can't take any more.  Kiss it and make it well."

     I opened my mouth and began to lick and gently suck the blood  back
 into her tortured flesh  as her hands started  to unbuckle my belt  and
 unzip my jeans.  Stepping  back, she told me to  take my pants off.   I
 shoved my jeans down and took off my  shoes and socks.  As I stood,  my
 cock poked toward her like a flag pole, its surface red and shiny.  Her
 small hand reached  out and touched  just the  head of my  cock as  she
 giggled, "It looks like a mushroom."  Her soft hand stroked its  entire
 length and played  with my  balls.  "They're  funny," she  said as  her
 fingers tested the contents of my bag.  A small bead of cum appeared in
 the slit and gleamed as  her finger smeared it all  over my knob.   She
 put the finger in her mouth, tasting my cum.  "Its kind of salty,"  she
 said, "but I think I like the taste."  Putting both hands on my  shaft,
 she inquired, "Can I make  it squirt?  If I  keep rubbing you, will  it
 cum?"  I nodded "yes" as her soft white hands jerked my bone hard cock,
 making my sperm rise out of my balls and shoot pearls of whiteness onto
 her stomach and hands.  Rubbing my cock on her belly, she looked at  me
 and asked, "Can I kiss it?"   She leaned down and let her tongue  flick
 pinkly out at my cock, caressing the  head with its warmth.  God,  this
 was much better than Prince!

     Leaning back, she looked at me and asked if I liked having her lick
 my cock.  Nodding "yes", she stood and asked if I would lick her  also.
 As I reached  for her, she  quickly unsnapped the  front of her  pajama
 bottoms and let them drop to the floor, reaching down and spreading her
 pussy lips.  "I want you to lick me," she said, spreading her legs  and
 fingering her clit.  I knelt at her  feet and touched her clit with  my
 tongue.  Her aroma was overpowering, and I really didn't mind the taste
 of her pussy as my cock continued to revive.

     "That's it.  Lick my  button.  Suck it into  your lips and work  it
 with your tongue," she whispered as I continued to lick and tongue  her
 cunt.  I ran my tongue down her crack to her vagina, letting my  tongue
 snake wetly up her pussy as she moaned softly, "Oooooh yes!  Stick your
 tongue inside me.   Suck up my juices."   I felt  a furry head  pushing
 against mine  and  another, larger  tongue  sloshing inside  her  cunt.
 Prince had come into the  room and was trying to  get his mouth on  her
 pussy.  Her body shuddered and twisted as she climaxed, her sweet pussy
 juices flowing into my mouth.  Her  legs gave way and she collapsed  on
 the couch, her ass hanging over the side, and Prince and I competed for
 her pussy.

     "Let me lick yours while Prince licks me," she offered.  I  climbed
 up and put my cock at her mouth, watching the dog continue to lick her.
 She moaned again  and came in  waves of pleasure  while her tongue  and
 lips continued to caress my bone-hard prick.

     Suddenly, Prince reared up and put  his front paws on each side  of
 her body and drove his slim prick into her soaking pussy.  She tried to
 scramble away, but he had her impaled on his pink cock, hunching up and
 down rapidly.  "Oh God!  I can  feel the ball inside me.  It's  rubbing
 up and down,"  she said as  the dog continued  fucking her, faster  and
 faster.  Finally, Prince jerked quickly  as his spunk shot up into  her
 virginal cunt, filling her pussy with his sperm.  As he came, I started
 cumming in her mouth and she let my cock drip its whiteness on her face
 as Prince started licking my knob.

     Later that same evening, Kathy sat on my cock and let Prince  shove
 his prick into her ass hole.  But that's another story.

--
