PRISCILLA'S FIRST SPANKING

     As Priscilla headed to the restaurant to meet Jeffrey for
dinner she renewed her resolve.  Tonight she would tell him. 
They had been dating for about two months, having hit it off well
right from the start in spite of the fact that he was 18 years
her senior.  The chemistry - including the sexual chemistry - was 
evident right from the first date.  They were both eager to
explore.

     After about 2 weeks, Jeffrey ventured to tell her about one
of what he called his "kinky" interests. Tentative at first, he
eventually confessed his profound interest in silky lingerie in
general and panties in particular.  In fact, he told Priscilla,
he probably could be said to have a panty fetish.  Priscilla was,
in fact, thrilled that he would reveal this information to her.
And she had no problem indulging his preference.  She loved
wearing pretty lingerie and Jeffrey frequently presented her with
panty gifts.  It was her pleasure to model them for him.

     Now it was her turn to tell him about her fantasy - being
spanked.   Priscilla had never been spanked in all of her 25
years.  She had been fantasizing about it for nearly ten years
but had never told anyone.  She never felt comfortable telling
the men she had previously date, who were about her age.  But
Jeffrey seemed different.  Perhaps the very fact that he was
older made it seem  more right.  In any event, she was determined
to tell him of her secret desire.  She knew the time was right
because for the past ten days she had dreamed regularly about
being taken over his knee for a sound paddling.

     Priscilla was 15 minutes late for her dinner date but she
didn't apologize.  She complained about the menu choices and
whined that her drink wasn't strong enough.  When Jeffrey started
to tell her about an important phone call he had received she
interrupted to complain about a broken finger nail.  In short,
she looked for every chance to be rude and peevish.

     Priscilla's behavior baffled Jeffrey.  He had never seen her
like this and finally asked her if there was something wrong.
     "What do you mean by 'wrong'," she snapped.
     He was taken aback.  "Nothing," he said, "It's just that you
seem to be in a bad mood."
     "So now you're judging my moods?"
     Growing exasperated, Jeffrey replied, "Don't deliberately
misinterpret me.  I've just never seen you act this way."
     "What way?" she challenged.
     "Frankly," he whispered across the table, "you're acting
like a brat."
     "Maybe there's a reason for my behavior.  And maybe there's
something you should do about it."
     "What  do you mean?"

     Priscilla took a sip of wine for courage, then leaned across
the table and said softly, "Maybe my panties need a spanking." 
She had chosen the words carefully, hoping to merge his interest
in panties with her need for a sound paddling.

     Jeffrey sat thoughtfully quiet for a moment, then smiled
slightly.  "Yes, I think that may be the case."

     Priscilla was hit with a wave of emotions.  She was
profoundly relieved at his acceptance, excited at the prospect of
having her fantasy fulfilled, and yet a little apprehensive about
how much it might hurt.  Nothing more was said about it at dinner
or on the drive home to Jeffrey's apartment.  But when they
arrived he wasted no time.

     "Wait here a moment, Priscilla, I need to talk to you about
something."  Jeffrey left and returned with a sturdy, straight
back chair.  He sat down and demanded that she stand in front of
him.

     "Young lady, your behavior at the restaurant was abominable.
You were rude, self-centered, and bratty.  Unfortunately, I feel
some responsibility for this.  I haven't given you proper
guidance and discipline.  But that's about to change right now. 
We'll start by having you lift you skirt up to your waist."

     Priscilla hesitated momentarily  and gulped, but then
complied, slowly lifting the skirt of her red silk dress.  After
all, she had asked for this!  But now she felt terribly exposed
and embarassed.  Jeffrey took in the view -- white satin bikini
panties and matching garter belt attached to white silk
stockings. Priscilla's legs seemed to wobble a bit as she stood
in her red 3 inch pumps.  Jeffrey was warming up to this scene!

     "I'm going to spank you Priscilla, but first I want to hear
you acknowledge the need for this spanking.  How do you think you
behaved tonight?"

     "Not very well."
     "Worse than that."
     "Pretty badly, I guess."
     "I'd say you were just plain naughty, wouldn't you?"
     "Yes, I suppose so."
     "Yes, what?"
     "Yes. I was naughty tonight."  Priscilla's face was now
almost as red as her shoes and her knees knocked together
visibly.
     "What happens to naughty girls, Priscilla?"
     "I'm not sure."
     "Take a guess."
     "Do they get spanked?"
     "Good guess.  And the spanking is for their own good, isn't
it?"

     Priscilla took a deep breath, "Yes. I need to be spanked so
that I will behave better in the future."  She was torn apart
emotionally.  On the one hand she felt humiliated; on the other
hand she was getting more and more sexually aroused.  In fact,
she felt wetness between her legs and she knew that the crotch of
her panties would soon be damp.  She couldn't wait for the
spanking to begin!

     And she didn't have to wait. Jeffrey placed a small pillow
in his lap and then pulled Priscilla across it.  Her feet were
completely off the floor and her bottom was pushed up sharply in
perfect position for a paddling.

     Jeffrey admired the pert, pantied bottom.  He lovingly
stroked it and then brought his hand down with a SMACK! 
Priscilla gasped at the sting but had no time to recover because
Jeffrey brought his hand down 9 more times in quick succession. 
He paused.  "I have a lot of work to do on you tonight young
lady.  You can expect to have a mighty sore bottom before I'm
done."

     Another ten spanks followed.  More scolding.  Ten more
spanks. More scolding.  More spanking.  Priscilla's feet were
kicking.  Tears rolled down her face.  Once she reached back to
try to protect her bum but Jeffrey pushed her hand aside and lit
into her with 25 successive, even harder spanks.

     After more than 100 strokes Jeffrey stopped.  Once,  again
he lovingly rubbed her bottom.  Then he slipped his hand between
Priscilla's legs and found that her panties were soaked with love
juices.  Priscilla squirmed in ecstasy as Jeffrey slid his finger
into her panties and between her sopping wet labia.  Then he
pulled his hand out again and gave her bottom a sharp spank. 
Again, his hand went into her panties and his finger went to her
love lips and then back out for another spank.  He repeated the
pattern over and over again.  Priscilla was besides herself with
pain and pleasure!  Finally, when Jeffrey slid a finger all the
way into her love canal she exploded in an orgasm.

     Jeffrey told Priscilla she could get off his lap.  Wobbly
and flustered, she pulled herself up, dropped her skirt and tried
to compose herself.

     "Did I say you could drop your skirt?"
     "No sir, you didn't."
     "Then why is it down?"
     "I made a mistake," Priscilla said, hastily pulling her
skirt back up to waist level.

     "Mistakes need correcting.  Let's see if we can help you
remember not to make this one again."  Jeffrey unhooked her
garters and pulled her panties down to her knees.  He told her to
shuffle over to the couch and bend over the back of it.  Jeffrey
left the room momentarily and returned with a wooden spatula from
the kitchen.  Priscilla could hardly believe the searing pain as
Jeffrey smacked each cheek 4 times.

     Then he stopped and a few seconds later Jeffrey slid
Priscilla's panties completely off and ordered her to spread her
legs further apart.  She complied and in a moment Jeffrey's hard
throbbing rod was in her.  Priscilla's bottom smarted as Jeffrey
drove against her.  Within a minute she exploded in her second
orgasm.  Seconds later, Jeffrey followed with a powerful blast of
his own.  Then they both collapsed on the floor.

     Later, as Jeffrey gently rubbed a cooling lotion on her red
bottom, Priscilla started thinking about all the naughty things
she could do to prompt more of these lessons.
