PRISON-     Can it be true?
 
        My career as a prison guard started a long time ago when I
was in the Air Force. Very few people know about the Disciplinary
Rehab Center  outside Nashville, Tennessee, and I suppose some
would be shocked if they did know.   Yet I feel it is a necessary
function of the AF and other branches of the service to be sure
the real fuck-ups don't get back into the civilian world without
having had some rehab training and discipline. The AF sends a lot
of 91s and officers to the center, along with washed out pilots,
mechanics, officer candidates and just ordinary Joes who may
constitute a threat to US or AF security because of their
actions.
 
        It was a tough job to be a ranking EM there, as we were
charged with the  responsibility of keep these guys under control
at all times -- at least in my section. The Center processed all
men going through NRC and my Special Unit housed and controlled
all the "hard cases". We had to resort to some severe methods of
discipline with these boys, most of whom were from 19 to 26 years
old. The Special Unit had 200 men who were considered
incorrigible and who had been pulled out of the usual retraining.
Some were really bad news! But they had to be whipped into line
so the AF could discharge them without a big stink being raised
in Washington.
 
        We organized the 200 into groups or "wings" in AF jargon,
consisting of  approx. 30 men apiece. Each group had a barracks
of its own with an armed  guard at each of the two entrances and
two more guards in the shower room. I was the NCO in charge of a
barracks with 20 to the worst offenders.
 
        In my quarters I had closed circuit TV so I could see into
any part of the building including the small recreation room and
the showers. The men slept in double-deck bunks, and guards
equipped with regulation AF restraints --leather -- which
appeared to be ready for instant use, but which we had been
ordered never to actually put on any of these hard cases. They
were only to be used as a threat because the head psychiatrist
said they could cause claustrophobia and only make the "patient"
more violent. Not being able to use them made our job all the
harder. There were also two AF medical  orderlies on duty at all
times.
 
        Where I had my most trouble was in trying to get some of
those young hillbillies to take orders. They got into the AF by
mistake, fresh from the West Virginia hills and plains of Texas.
All were really built, but without brain one. Most of the Texans,
who were bigger than the other guys, were aggressive and needed
the most attention. Doc Smith, or Captain MD, believed in the
theory that a lot of heat subdues a man. I didn't really agree,
but I had to go along with him. We had a good temperature
regulating system designed by the medics for riot control. On any
given day, we usually had anywhere from six to ten of those 19 to
22 year old Texan boys being discipline. They had to lie on their
beds, hands and feet pressed to the four corners. We turned the
temperature up to about 98 degrees and had some of the other
prisoners or "detainees" as we called them, strip them down piece
by piece. We couldn't  use the restraints on them like I
explained, but they didn't know that. We told them that if they
didn't obey, we'd strap them hand and foot and leave them that
way all night. What might happen to them in the dark when they
couldn't do anything about it was frightening enough to keep them
in line.
 
        The heat at times was wild -- dry, due to the climate, but
too high for  anyone to wear any clothes. The Texans were used to
temperatures like this,  and even though we made them lie there
spread eagled and naked and holding on the bed rails, they didn't
seem to mind. We had a group of trustees, the studs who gave us
the least trouble, be the ones who would swing the thong guards
at any Texan or hillbilly who didn't cooperate. While these guys
were being controlled and had to stay in place without moving a
muscle, the trustees used various devices on them...clips on
their tits, hot candle was on their bellies or groins. And
naturally they paid especial attention to the genital areas. See
it was against the rules for any of them to get a hard on and if
they did they knew there were going to get punished.
 
        Of course the trustees and orderlies delighted in getting
the Texans excited so they could administer this punishment.
Well, between feathers, hot salad oil and various lubricants,
plus rubbing alcohol it was something to see... half a dozen
young, really built Texans and hillbillies, all stretched out
tight and hanging on to the bed rails until the veins stood out
all over  their arms and chests and every one of them with a
giant hard-on which meant they all had to be punished. I had to
admit, some of them didn't mind too much depending on the guards
on duty...also the general mood of the group    Usually the trustees
would strip down and stand beside the Texans beds. The room would
be so hot the sweat would run down their bodies and drip off the
ends of their rods. They'd give the Texans orders, like telling
them to lick the water off of their pricks. If some guy wouldn't
do it, the  trustees might piss on him. There would be more
punishment for this.
 
        I've seen times when up to six or eight Texans and
hillbillies were made to stand at the foot of their beds hanging
on to the rails, stretched back as far  as they could with their
feet spread wide apart. An orderly or trustee would  stand between
the guys legs and whip his as until it turned so read it looked
on fire. All the while the sweat was pouring off all of them and
the more  they whipped those Texans, the bigger and harder their
irons would get
 
        They'd have raging hard-ons that bounced around beneath
their tight flat  bellies every time the trustee smacked them.
Some of them had balls that  would hang down so low they'd slap
the end of the guys dick as they swung  against it. I've seen
them cum that way, too, just hanging on the bed and  getting
their asses whipped while white cream shot out of them in spurts
like it blasted from a jet engine. They'd have to get down on
their knees and lick it up, of course, and then get back in place
against the bed.
 
        Sometimes I'd see a trustee shove himself right tight
against one of the  Texan's ass. I'd know he was hiding his hard-
on, because they weren't  supposed to have them either. But with
all those naked bodies moving around  you really couldn't tell
who was doing what. I'd be as hot as they were from  watching it
so I couldn't say anything when he'd shove his cock right into
the guy he was disciplining. They were all so sweaty that's all
they'd need for a lubricate. I guess they figured I wouldn't be
able to see what they did on TV. If I did see it, I had the
choice of letting the trustee go on working  over the hillbilly
or I could make them change places so the guy who'd been  the
boss had to take the same shit from the guy he been giving it to.
 
        One night after I had been gone for a while, I casually
turned on the TV  to make sure they were all asleep. The trustees
were playing an interesting  game. They had six guys standing
spread eagled at the end of their bed and six more kneeling with
their mouth at cock height. The trustees whipped the asses of the
standing hillbillies while the hillbilly was being sucked by the
guy kneeling on the floor. The guy on the floor had to make the
standing guy cum. The standing guy was not supposed to cum,
however. If he did cum, he got 30 more lashings. If he did not
cum, he got to kneel on the floor and the guy that was sucking
him took his place standing there getting his ass beaten.
 
        I learned a lot from the Air Force in that position and I
really got into  the science of discipline. When I was finally
discharged, I decided to take a job at a local medium security
prison.
 
        This prison, like all prisons, was a subset of society and
all the hangups and problems of the outside world were
concentrated and visible. A guy  either had to be strong enough
to take on the whole joint, or find someone who was. A good
looking young guy had to punk for someone to protect him or he
was open game and his ass would be used at will by all the
prisoners. At least if he had "protection" he would only have to
"give his booty" to a few "favors". There was a young good
looking blond kid that came in one  day...couldn't have been much
over 18, but must have been just old enough to be sentenced as an
adult. When he walked in, the hall became silent. You could have
heard a pin drop. All eyes were on him as he was escorted to his
cell    I knew this kid was in for a hot time tonight and sure
enough. One of the trustees came to me and asked me for a favor.
To keep things quiet on the block, I frequently look the other
way. The men are a lot less hostile if they are not quite so
horny. So that night as I made my rounds, I ACCIDENTLY forgot to
lock the kids cell and a couple of others for that matter...just
too many cells to keep track of! The cons realized they were
unlocked and decided to visit the kid and welcome him to the
joint. Judging from the screams and moans, I guess about a dozen
guys welcomed him with throbbing cocks. The kid never came to me
complaining though, I guess he knew better.
 
        In this prison, all the inmates have jobs. It keeps them
busy and quiet and cuts down on expenses. A couple of jobs are
less desirable so I usually give them to the new guys (or young
pretty boys). One job is cleaning the  toilets and the other is
cleaning the showers. Since one tier or another is  constantly in
the shower, the kid would have to take his clothes off and with
soapy water, scrub the shower walls and floor on "all fours"
while other guys were taking their showers. Admittedly seeing
some cute stud on his knees bent over with that brown spot
shining and begging for use is hard for some con standing under a
shower with a soapy hard on to resist. It takes forever for these
guys to clean that shower...they are constantly getting reamed by
some inmate. It does keep morale of the inmates high and if the
kid gets out of hand, you simply threaten him with shower duty.
 
        The blond kid, Mark, was being harassed every night, by the
end of the  week he must have taken the dicks of every con in the
block. Finally he  sought protection from a dark haired Italian
guy named Tony. Tony was a  muscular stud with at least 9 inches
judging from a time I saw him plowing  another kid in the
showers. Once Mark and Tony made a deal, Mark was no  longer fair
game and I had Mark transferred to Tony's cell. Mark was
delighted and thought he would finally get to sleep one night for
a change. Tony had real S/M tendencies and he really "got off" on
punching a guy out. That night when the lights went out, Tony
told Mark to drop his pants and bend over. Mark had to PAY for
the protection. Mark hesitated. Tony got annoyed at the
hesitation, after all, he was protecting him from getting banged
by every other con. Totally without warning, Tony reached out an
punched Mike in the face. Mike was caught off guard and couldn't
get back on his feet before Tony hit him again. Again and again
Tony punched the kid, each time his dick getting harder and
harder. Finally the kid stopped resisting. His face black and
blue, he just laid there while Tony  ripped off Marks pants and
plowed the 9" without lubrication the full length up Marks ass.
There was a whimper of pain from Mark, but after pulling train
all week from the other inmates, he wasn't exactly tight. Every
night this would go on...Tony knocking Mark around as foreplay
for a heavy fuck session.
 
        One day all the cons were in the yard and Tony walked up
Mark and told him to go with Charlie over there. Charlie had paid
Tony two packs of  cigarettes to have Marks ass for a while. Mark
balked. He had just come back from giving his tail to another con
just so Tony could have some smokes and Mark wanted a rest. Tony
really got pissed at Marks refusal and immediately started
beating Mark with his fist. Another guard saw the fight begin and
blew the whistle. Within seconds there were a dozen guards
breaking the two of them up and taking them away. Mark had to be
taught a lesson. What the inmates do among themselves at night
that we don't see, we don't care. But if they break the rules
during the day and incite other inmates, that we punish them for
Mark would have to be taken "down stairs" for some punishment. I
admit I was looking forward to this.
 
        There were three rooms: the first had showers off one end
with an examination table in the center of the room. Here the man
would be shoved under a shower by a guard wearing hip-length
boots and a rubber coat. If necessary, the  prisoner would be
scrubbed with a long-handled brush. Then he'd be taken out,
following a very hot rinse, and required to dry himself in front
of a warm air stream. Following this, he'd be taken to an
examination table and hoisted up made to lie on his back. The
doctor, my friend Mack, would check him for hernias, heart
condition, the usual ailments and would then roll the man over on
his stomach. The prisoners butt would be wiped with a cloth
soaked in alcohol. He would be pushed to his feet and taken into
the next room.
 
        The man would be ordered to stand in front of an operating
room rack to  which a two quart can of hot yellow sudsy water was
attached. The guards got off on filling the can with piss when
they knew someone special was coming down for discipline. The
officer on duty, again in rubber boots and coat would require the
prisoner to bend over and spread the cheeks of his ass. We didn't
use a rubber "hard tube", but rather a soft number 40 catheter
which would be shoved all the way up the con's ass. It was a real
groove to watch the big officer grab the con by his shoulder and
ram the tube up his ass with a single thrust. The clamp on the
tube would be released and the "water" would flow until a gurgle
would indicate the con's body had taken all it could. He would be
ordered to retain the water until he was told to let it go.
Disobedience would mean an extra whipping. When the con
straightened up, the officer would make a note of the time and
require the con to do ten minutes of deep kneebends. If he let
even one drop of water  out, he would get another ten
whippings...and I have never seen one yet that could hold it.
After this he was directed to a seatless toilet and told to
release the water. It always came out in a rush because Doc Mac
had determined that the best enema was a Fells-Naptha flakes,
really cleaned them out!!
 
        A come-along would be attached to the right wrist by a
uniformed officer,  who always led the con at arms length for
fear he might have some shit left in him which would spew out
onto the officers shiny boots. The man would be dragged into the
next room where the whippings were given.
 
        The first man into the room would see half a dozen more
uniformed officers gathered around a leather (gymnast's) horse.
We wore state police uniforms,  although two or three were always
stripped to the waist. We purposely retained grim expressions as
the con was led to the horse and strapped into place by a convict
attendant, who would rub more alcohol across his naked backside.
After this the convict would see nothing except the boots of
those of us who  stood in front of him. He would be strapped so
tightly that he couldn't move to see a wider range, but that soon
made little difference to him. There'd be a sudden whir behind
him and the strap would land against his trembling skin. Another
whipping had begun. The officers prided themselves in being real
"sharp shooters" with that whip. The con was tied with is legs
spread apart  displaying his asshole in full view. A favorite
game among the guards was to  see how often they could hit the
brown spot with the whip without touching the rest of his ass. It
took a lot of practice so there were a lot of cons that had red
asses anyway, but you could tell from the scream when you had hit
your mark right in the center. Sometimes all the officers would
leave to get the next prisoner except for me and another friend.
After whipping some poor kids ass until it was bleeding, we would
plow our rod into that begging hole...if it was good enough for
the cons...the kid would not dare tell anyone we had worked him
over.
 
        The next men brought in to be whipped would be handcuffed to
a steel rail  set into one wall, and from there the would be
allowed to watch the  festivities. Just seeing it would make the
guys balls crawl higher against  his body. Many of them would get
hard-ons. An officer might amuse himself by telling a con to
stroke himself, but there was rarely time to cum before the  mans
own turn came at the horse. Erections during a whipping result
from the tremendous apprehension a man feels when he experiences
physical punishment under these circumstances. When he does
become erect, you can't  stop the whipping and have them jerk
off. Usually they just cum while their cock is pressed against
the horse. Dr Mac would always check the mans ass after the
whipping to insure against internal hemorrhaging. Actually he
just wanted to get his hand up the guy's ass to test how good a
fuck he'd be
 
        When we brought Mark down for punishment, there was another
guy next in  line named Horse...a name he well deserved. Horse
had slipped me a few bucks to be able to have some time with
Mark.`M had a pretty good day that time in that most of my
whippings landed right on his brown spot. It was such a shame to
scar the pretty white ass on the kid. I remember the other
officers left and there was just me and Horse handcuffed against
the wall. I couldn't resist that ass and as soon as the other
guards left, I rammed my cock up Marks hole and rode him like it
was my last fuck. I must have shot a gallon up that hot ass when
I had this urge to piss. "I'll lubricate him for you, Horse" I
said as I filled his ass with my hot piss. Horse was watching all
the time and his dick was now a full 11 inches and must have been
4 inches thick  Without releasing Mark, I uncuffed Horse and said
"you got five minutes"  Mark had been silent all this time,
probably unconscious. When Horse started pushing that 11 inches
up him, he suddenly came alive. He screamed and begged to stop
even more than I have heard someone beg to stop the whipping.
Horse didn't miss a beat. Mark took the entire 11 inches fast and
hard. The poor kids ass was split open so wide a fist would
easily fit in it. Horse shot his load and got back by the wall so
when the other guards came in, it looked like nothing had
happened. Mark was untied and collapsed on the floor. He was
later taken back to Tony to "apologize" for his behavior in the
yard.
 
        Some of the officers came from prisons in the South where
there were no  rules or regulations for prison officials. They
would do anything it would  take to keep order and discipline
even if "unconventional". As long as there were no riots, the
prison board didn't care what went on in the  sub-
basement....what they didn't know wouldn't bother anybody. These
officers had some "toys" that were so crude, a con would never
tell anyone about them because he did not want them to know they
were used on him!! One toy was like a plain kitchen table with
what looked like a sausage stuffer at the end. It looked like a
meat grinder with a handle, but it had a long nozzle and you
could put something in the top, turn the handle, and it would be
forced out the nozzle. If a guy was strapped to the table and the
nozzle was shoved up his ass, anything that was fed into the top
of grinder would be forced up the guys ass filling his shit
chute. One thing which really worked well was more shit!!! A
guard or another con would take a dump into the hopper and an
officer would turn the crank forcing it up the guys ass. This
could make someone real constipated so afterwards he would be
taken over to another slanted table where several other cons were
strapped down. The table sloped into a long trough filled with
what smelled like a combination shit, piss, water, blood, cum and
anything else that they would put up a guys ass. A hose was
inserted up the guys full ass and the murky liquid was pumped up
his ass. Eventually the liquid would flow out along with the
packed in shit and return to the trough where it would mix with
the murk coming from the guy strapped next to him to recycle
again. Just the thought of having another cons shit shoved up
your ass would make a con avoid this pit.
 
        Much of the information about what was going on among the
cons came from  squealers, stoolies, pigeons, guys that would
tell a officer what he wanted to know to avoid punishment or to
get favors. If an officer could not get the information from a
con that he know he had it, the con would be taken down to the
"chair". This was a seatless chair that the con would be strapped
into    Beneath the chair was a cone shaped dildo connected to two
motors. One motor caused it to rotate, and the other motor was on
a screw drive which caused the dildo to drive upward into the
cons hole. Being cone shaped, it got wider as it went up
spreading as well ad driving deep up his as. It didn't take more
than about 11 inches before the guard either had the information,
or knew he had made a mistake and the con didn't know afterall!
No loss either way, just another way of running a prison. After
all, society put them here to be punished so there is no reason
to make it easy for them, but anything that would make my job a
little easier is certainly acceptable.
 
        That was a few of the common happens in the day-to-day life
of a prison  guard. If anything else interesting happens, I'll be
sure and write it down here.
