Problem
by scott

I was going to fail biology. It hadn't happened yet, and I
normally was an outstanding student, but a third of the way
through the semester I could sense how things were going to turn
out. So when the first low grade notice arrived in the mail, I
was speechless but not surprised.

There was just no way I could articulate the problem. "Well Mom,
it's all Ms. Cortez's fault. If she wasn't such a slut I'd be
able to concentrate." Even if it were true, I couldn't say it --
and I wasn't even sure it *was* true. It wasn't anything she
ever said, or did, it just happened to be the case that I
couldn't concentrate in her classroom.

I'd hurry to my seat and scoot the chair in tight against the
lab table so the bulge in my crotch wouldn't show. Then I'd try
to study my text, or specimen, or whatever, but inevitably I'd
find myself watching her. I'd scrutinize her tight knit skirts
and wonder if the hem would slide up enough to see anything if
she'd spread her legs just the tiniest bit more -- we'd heard
about perfectly frictionless surfaces in physics, and Ms.
Cortez's long, sleek legs had to be the closest thing there was
in nature. I'd stare at her jutting breasts and try to figure if
the lack of strap bulges meant she wasn't wearing a bra, or the
firmness and shapeliness meant she was.

But mostly I'd wonder if it was my imagination working overtime
when it seemed she was looking right at me those times when
she'd moisten her ruby lips with languorous swipes with the
velvet tip of her pink tongue. Then I'd agonize over whether I'd
be able to hold out long enough to make it to the bathroom and
jerk off instead of coming in my pants; I didn't, always.
Coursework was a distant also-ran.

Sure, I knew the text forwards and backwards. But it didn't help
when my mind froze up during the written tests, or when my hands
decided to draw pornographic sketches of Ms. Cortez instead of
the sample under the microscope and I'd have to rush to have
decidedly second-rate replacement work done by the end of the
period. And it didn't help at all that Ms. Cortez, realizing I
was having trouble, gave me a little more attention than the
rest of the students. Frankly I considered myself lucky to be
pulling a D instead of an F.

The upshot of all this was that I was facing the dubious
prospect of a parent-teacher conference for the first time in my
distinguished academic career. My less capable sisters delighted
in teasing me about my predicament, glad they could get one up
on the surrogate man of the house. Alicia, who couldn't be
bothered to do anything that interfered with her cheerleading or
chasing varsity lettermen, took particular pleasure in razzing
me -- biology had been the *only* class she'd *ever* gotten
better than a B- in.

Mom groused about how she had enough problems at work without
having to take time away for this meeting. Naturally that day
turned out to be one of the ones where I lost it during class.
So there I was, squirming in the classroom after school waiting
for Mom, and hoping like hell I'd wiped up well enough that
neither she nor Ms. Cortez would smell anything.

Amazingly, Mom and Ms. Cortez took to each other immediately --
they were so unalike I'd been worried I might have to act as a
go-between. Instead they started chatting away like they were
old friends and completely ignored me! Finally they told me I
didn't need to stick around and I could go. I was glad to get
out and didn't ask questions.

When Mom got home that night, she told me that Stella -- Ms.
Cortez -- had agreed to tutor me a few evenings a week until my
grades improved! I couldn't decide if this was my hottest
fantasy or my worst nightmare! My cock definitely cast its vote
for the former and stayed stiff even after it felt like I'd
beaten it raw in bed that night.

The next night I tried to get the right classy-but-casual look
before jumping on my bike and pedaling over to the address Mom
had given me. Completely defying my wildest expectation, Ms.
Cortez was wearing a skirt even shorter, and heels even higher,
than what she wore at school. Her silky crop-top was thin enough
to prove conclusively that, tonight at least, there was no bra
underneath.

We ended up seated facing each other across the low coffee table
in her living room. I think Ms. Cortez was talking to me, but
all I remember was watching her legs drift slowly apart, and her
skirt creeping higher and higher... I could see her panties!

"Calvin!" I forced my eyes up to her face and remembered to
close my mouth. "Poor boy! No wonder you've been so distracted.
I'd forgotten how demanding young hormones can be. We'll have to
get you calmed down before we can get any work done. Now, do you
masturbate often?"

I realized my mouth was open again, and the heat on my face felt
worse than the burn I'd gotten last summer. I tried to come up
with something intelligent to say, but before I could, she
answered her own question. "Silly me, of course you do! Bonnie
told me all about your underwear and sheets." Mom! I wanted to
crawl under the furniture and die. "Go ahead, just pull down
your pants and stroke yourself. It'll do you a world of good, I
can tell just by looking."

It was true -- I was completely devastated, but I was also
harder than I'd ever been in my entire life. But there was no
way I was going to sit here and jerk off in front of Ms. Cortez.
"Don't be shy," she reassured me, "I've seen them before. In
fact, I'll join you if it'll make you more comfortable." I
noticed her legs were still spread apart, and now she was
running a hand up to her panties! She was pulling them aside and
pushing a finger into herself! I'd never seen a real cunt
before, and now Ms. Cortez was doing hers right in front of me!

Suddenly I couldn't get my pants down fast enough -- my cock
felt like it was about to explode. I got my pants and underwear
down past my knees and barely had a chance to stroke myself
before I was spraying cum all over the place. My orgasm went on
forever, and I was still hard afterwards. Ms. Cortez saw that,
and had me jerk off again while I watched her do a sleazy dance
and feel herself up.

After that, I felt drained and my penis was down to half-mast.
Ms. Cortez casually tugged her clothes back into place, then
appropriated my underwear and used it to wipe up the worst of
the jism on the coffee table. I was left half-naked in just my
shirt and shoes. "Go ahead and sit down," she directed me, "and
let's get to work." I gestured at myself and asked, "like
*this*?" but she didn't relent. "Yes, like that. I want to be
able to see when your attention is wandering."

So we spent the remainder of the session reviewing biology with
me just hanging out like that. Between the embarrassment and my
attempts to concentrate on the material, we only had to jerk off
once more that evening. Finally Ms. Cortez let me dress in my
stained and sticky clothing and leave. I resolved I was never
going back, but in the privacy of my bedroom I was ready to go
again. Report *this*, Mom! I thought as I unloaded on the
sheets. That night I slept like a zombie.

Naturally I went back for more tutoring. We quickly fell into a
set routine. I would arrive and strip for Ms. Cortez and then
jerk off. After a few sessions, she stopped participating and
just watched me, although she still wore really sexy and
revealing outfits. Then she decided I should start cumming into
my hand so she wouldn't have to clean the carpet and upholstery.
A while later she started having me eat my cum, saying it was
too much of a disruption to go to the kitchen or bathroom for a
washcloth.

We would work for about two hours, taking a break for me to
masturbate whenever I got an erection, and always at the end.
Once, when I feeling a little sick, it took me nearly two hours
to get off, but Ms. Cortez wouldn't let me go home until I'd cum
and licked my hand clean! Luckily Mom didn't ask me why I was so
late that night.

The next effect of all this, besides strengthening my right arm
and pretty much killing my inhibitions, was that my biology
grade was up to a C by the second midterms. I was cautiously
optimistic that after the follow-up meeting with Mom and Ms.
Cortez, I would be able to end my tutorials. After all, these
days I was getting almost as good a show in class, and I didn't
half to humiliate myself either.

So Mom and I ended up waiting in the lab for Ms. Cortez on
another afternoon. I was daydreaming and mentally counting days
until summer vacation started when I realized Ms. Cortez had
come in and was staring at me. "Calvin! Why aren't you prepared
for our session?"

*What?* She couldn't be serious! We were sitting in school, in
front of *Mom*... "Is this not a special meeting to assist you
in raising your grade in this course? Do we not have a code of
conduct for these meetings? Well?" I looked at Mom for support,
but the expression on her face matched Ms. Cortez's.

Reluctantly, I stripped off my clothes. And masturbated. And
came in my hand. And ate it. There hadn't been much, but Mom and
Ms. Cortez were all smiles. I sat on one of the lab stools,
hoping I wouldn't pick up a splinter in my butt, while they
chatted about me and work and other stuff. As Mom was telling
Ms. Cortez about her recent promotion at work, I noticed she was
wearing much sexier clothing -- stuff like Ms. Cortez wore. I
tried to recall when she'd started dressing like that, and
couldn't remember.

The worst part was that they decided Ms. Cortez should keep
tutoring me, "just to be on the safe side." Then Mom really
surprised me. She asked if Ms. Cortez would consider helping
Alicia with her math so she could be sure of graduating! Ms.
Cortez gave me a sly look, then replied she would be happy to,
but that it would be a good idea if I helped out, since I was
such a good math student!

My cock was throbbing in no time, and I started stroking away
even before Ms. Cortez could say anything! I could just imagine
my stuck-up older sister, minus cheer uniform, fingering herself
while I got to watch! There was a lot of jism this time, and
some even got on the floor, but Ms. Cortez didn't seem to mind.
Neither did Mom; she even invited Ms. Cortez over for dinner as
a "thank you" for her efforts.

One thought stuck in my mind as I was pulling on my clothes. If
girls didn't cum like guys did, what would there be to lick up?
It sounded like a biology question; I'd have to ask Ms. Cortez
at my next tutoring session.

I got downstairs for dinner that night and discovered we'd
really gone all-out. The good china and silverware were set out
at each place, and it was clear Ms. Cortez would be sitting at
Dad's old spot at the head of the table. I was preparing to sit
down when I noticed a medium-smallish cucumber sitting on the
tablecloth between my plate and the tub of soft-spread butter.
Curious, I picked it up.

"Ms. Cortez says you're going to demonstrate how to take the
volume of that cucumber," Alicia drawled in her snottiest tone
of voice. "*Calculate* the volume," I sneered in reply, already
wondering if an approximation to a cylinder would be
sufficiently precise. "No, *take*," she argued.

I looked up, ready to really unload on her, and noticed Alicia
was wearing a sexy outfit like Ms. Cortez and Mom! So was Susan,
and she wasn't even in high school yet! They just stood there
and looked at me. Mom and Ms. Cortez walked in from the kitchen
and stood next to my sisters. After a moment, Ms. Cortez leaned
across the table and took the cucumber from me. Then she pushed
it into the butter tub! "I think we'll work on our lesson during
dinner," she suggested with a meaningful nod in my direction.

The entire expanse of the living room was open behind me, but I
felt cornered. All four of them continued to stare at me while
Ms. Cortez twirled the cucumber in the butter. I was trapped. I
was also getting hard. I started unfastening my pants.
