                     "Getting with the Program"
                         By: Phil Phantom

     Bill's company has a two tier management structure: those
who are in, and those on the way out.  Bill had come to that
crossroads after only three years with the company.  An
invitation (summons actually) to the "retreat" marked that event.
     The retreat is a forty acre converted hunting lodge in the
Ozarks.  Nestled deep in heavy woods, the company insiders hold
quarterly get-togethers that usually last one week.  
     The retreat was the subject of the lower echelon rumor mill.
I had heard many of the rumors about their wild parties and bawdy
games, but they were just rumors.  I knew many of the insiders
and the ones I knew lent credibility to those rumors.  I could
easily picture Bill's immediate supervisor, Greg Miller, and his
exotic, uninhibited wife, Cassandra, doing the things I'd heard.
     At the top of the heap was the company owner's wife, Helen
Cummings.  The retreat was actually Helen's thing.  Randolph
Cummings only made rare appearances.  Helen is your
quintessential rich bitch with more power than she needs.  She is
in her early forties and twenty years younger than her husband. 
She still has her sexy figure and dresses to flaunt it.  Rarely
seen without her entourage of executive wives, she struts and
flirts with an air of a spoiled women accustomed to getting her
way.  Whenever I'm in her presence, I feel like a gerbil in a
python's cage.  She intimidates me and delights in my discomfort.
She never misses an opportunity to embarrass me with a lurid
compliment about my body, or by telling a vulgar story in mixed
company.
     I might have been able to relax and try to have a good time
at the retreat had we not been forced to bring along my
sixteen-year-old daughter, Jenny, and my fourteen-year-old son,
Steven.  I say forced, but the invitation to Bill only said, you
and your family.  "Your family" was heavily underlined.  Bill
tried to soothe my anxieties.  It meant so much to him to be able
to advance.  Those that failed to pass the retreat muster did not
last long afterwards if they even returned to work at all.  That
fact, more than any other, spawned the rumors that the retreat
was a test.  Bill was ready for the test.
     I wasn't too worried about Steven.  He's your All-American
boy: freckle-faced, mischievous, rebellious at times, sexually
frustrated, and very curious.  Jenny worried me.  Jenny is a
quiet, simple girl.  She's very pretty, too pretty for her own
good.  She has a delicate boyish figure (32 18 28) trim and
excessively neat, always well-groomed.  She brushes her long
brown hair one-hundred strokes every night and still has her
stuffed animals from her childhood adorning her room.  She is
aware of boys, but is not yet dating.  She likes to highlight her
best feature, her legs.  She wears her skirts short and
hip-hugging.  I indulge this fashion statement, but I never let
her out of my sight except for school.  
     She and I have had a few intimate talks about boys and sex,
but we both found those talks embarrassing.  Bill has still not
talked with Steven, though I have pleaded with him to do so. 
Steven is driving me and Jenny up the wall with his constant
invasions of our privacy.  Our walls and ceilings are peppered
with his peep holes.  We live with the fear that Steven is always
watching, consequently, masturbation has not been a part of my
sex life since school let out for the summer, and I'm sure Jenny
would never risk it if she ever had.  That subject has never been
discussed.  It wouldn't be so bad, but Bill seemed to lose
interest in sex months before the invitation.  I suspected an
office affair.  
     A part of me, the lower part of me, wanted to go on the
trip, kids or no kids.  I am often at odds with my lower parts.
                          *  *  *
     After turning off of the last stretch of paved country road,
we traveled eight miles down a winding dirt road.  The road
opened into a clearing.  A sprawling, two-story rustic clubhouse
occupied the center with twenty small cabins circling it
along the tree line.  Bill checked us in and got our cabin
assignment.  As we circled the area looking for number nine, the
nature of this retreat became apparent.  On every heavy wooden
door was a wood relief carving of couples making love.  They were
not pornographic, only graphic.  Behind the clubhouse was a small
pond and fountain.  I'm sure you've seen the little-boy-peeing
statue.  This was no little boy, and he wasn't peeing.  This
statue was of a ten-foot Greek god sporting a massive erection,
held in a tight fist and angled down to a woman lying naked at
his feet.  Water erupted in jetting spurts from the bulbous crown
of his penis and splashed off the reclining Venus (one with
arms), using her hands to lewdly expose her vagina as a target. 
I took one long look at this piece and groaned, sinking low in my
seat, and covering my face.  Number nine was just beyond this
vulgar art work.  
     Bill squeezed my hand as our car headed in on number nine
and we saw our door.  It was pornographic.   The door was a
relief that appeared to be looking down on a bed with two people
on it.  On the top half, a buxom young girl sat with her legs
splayed.  The bottom half was a young man with his head between
her legs, tongue lewdly distended into her gaping vagina.  He
was depicted kneeling and his huge balls and foot-long penis hung
down between his legs, the head of his penis at the base of the
door.  I looked in astonishment to Bill and said, "Bill, we can't
stay here, not with the kids."
     He appeared on the verge of panic, and tried desperately to
calm me.  Steven added his pleas to his father's.  Jenny sat in
silent awe watching half-naked adults walking about.  I knew we
weren't going back, but I couldn't see going forward, either. 
After sitting for several minutes, I finally agreed to try.  Bill
let us into the tiny cabin.  We moved inside and just stood,
staring.  The cabin was nothing more than a bedroom.  One
king-size four-poster bed with no head or foot board sat in the
middle of the room beneath a totally mirrored ceiling.  A clothes
rack and dresser, three chairs, and a small table were the only
other furnishings.  There was no water, no toilet, no closet, and
no curtains on the five large windows - two on either side of the
door and one on each other wall.  It was like being in a
wood-framed terrarium.  We all looked at each other and at the
people making the trek between the clubhouse and the pool,
passing along either side of number nine, some waving to us with
grins showing bare breasts and dangling penises through their
unbelted short robes.
     I looked to Bill and said, "Do you still feel like staying?"
     "Honey, we have to.  I love my job.  We need my job.  We'll
just have to make the best of it."
     "Fine, now where are the kids going to sleep?"
     "This bed is big enough for all of us."
     I peered out the window at the foot of the bed and
immediately noticed a light pole with the lamp aimed at our
window.  The other side had a similar one.  I said, "We won't be
getting much sleep anyway.  Tonight, this place will be lit up. 
There's not even a way to hang something over the windows if we
had something."
     Bill, Jenny, and Steven confirmed my appraisal and spotted
another pair of lamp posts behind the cabin.  On a hunch, I
looked under the bed and found a chamber pot.  In addition, I
found several trays of sex parafinellia: dildoes, bondage
devices, butt plugs, and body oils - some things I knew nothing
about.  There were also slick pornographic magazines showing the
most obscene couplings.  I stood and told Bill to look under the
bed, then grabbed Steven to prevent him from doing so.  Bill
peered under, then stood looking pale.  He shrugged his shoulders
and said, "Do you plan to hold Steven all week, Karen?"
     I thought about that for a few seconds, then reluctantly
released him.   He dove to the floor and exclaimed, "Far out!"  I
turned away as I saw him pull out a tray full of magazines and
spread them out on the floor.  Jenny shyly peered over Steven's
shoulder; her face went bright red.  I looked to see
what had had such an effect on her.  Steven had a magazine opened
to a centerfold showing a beautiful naked model getting creamed
in the face by a circle of pumping, jetting cocks.  She was
drenched and trying to catch flying jets of sperm in her open
mouth while stuffing her pussy with a huge black dildoe.  Steven
was excitedly pointing out details to Jenny, adding to her
discomfort.  I noticed that although she blushed, Jenny did not
look away.  I wanted a closer look myself, but I motioned Bill
over to a corner and quietly said, "You tell me how to handle
this.  This is your show, Bill."
     "I say ignore it.  You wanted them to get a sex education;
well, they're getting one."
     I said, "No, what they're getting is a lesson in perversion.
I never wanted that."
     "Still, that's all part of sex.  Look, it's done.  What can
we do?"
     "For one thing, we can gather these things and lock them
away in our trunk after we unpack the car."
     "Honey, no we can't.  When I checked in, they said quite
explicitly, 'do not remove anything from the cabin, and do not
hang anything on the windows."
     "Are there any more rules I need to hear about?"
     "The pool is bathing suits optional, and there are two daily
mandatory gatherings in the clubhouse for meetings and meals. 
One at two PM  and the other at eight PM.  Breakfast is served
from six till noon as a buffet.  Oh, you are supposed to check in
with Helen as soon as we unpack.  She has an office upstairs over
the clubhouse."
     My heart skipped several beats.  Bill saw my look and I
assured him I'd be okay.  I decided to get that part over with
and went in search of the office.  I had to pass right by the
fountain and stopped to gander on the scene.  The Venus sat on a
stone pillow with her long legs held up in a wide 'V'.  Her hands
reached around her haunches and her fingers pulled her sex wide
open.  Her anatomy was amazingly detailed and I was sure Steven
and Bill would like what I saw.  I looked at the cock spurting
jets of water into her hole and marveled at its detail - thick
and rich with pulsing veins.  I could not help wondering what
such an instrument would feel like.  Bill's six-inch penis is the
only penis I'd had.  My sex-starved pussy cried out for it and I
moved on before I made a noticeable wet spot on my shorts.
     The clubhouse was richly decorated with lewd paintings and
statuary.  Numerous young sexy staff members in brief attire
waited on the scantily-clad members.  I passed several people I
recognized on the way up to see Helen.  I knocked timidly and was
admitted by a topless maid in heels, fishnets, and a brief apron.
I followed her provocative, undulating, naked ass into Helen's
private office.  Helen sat back in a huge leather chair letting a
gorgeous young girl about Steven's age paint her toenails.  Both
were naked.  The maid led me around the desk and had me stand
behind the kneeling girl.  I looked down into Helen's completely
shaved vagina and forced my startled eyes up past Helen's
siliconed breasts to her smiling face.  Helen said, "So, at last
I get to play with sexy little Karen Smith."
     That sounded ominous and my expression must have conveyed
that.  Helen said sternly, "I'm not going to beat around the
bush, Karen.  You've had a good look around.  You know this is
not a fucking church summer camp.  You also know that your
behavior here will determine if your husband has any future with
us.  You are aware of this, aren't you?"
     I said, "We presumed as much, yes."
     "Well let me make this crystal clear, and I have witnesses
that I never said this.  You play ball with me or your hubby will
be shoved so far down in the company they'll have to pump
sunshine to him."
     Her words angered me.  "What do you mean by, 'Play ball?'"
     "Let me put it this way.  You don't join our circle unless
you prove you are worthy.  This is mostly a test for you.  We
aren't worried about Bill.   When was the last time you got a
good fuck from him, Karen."
     "I don't think that's any of your business."
     She shouted, "I didn't ask what you think, bitch!   I asked
you a question, and I expect an answer."
     I recoiled and lied, "Two weeks ago."
     "That's pathetic.  It's also a lie.  The fact is, Bill
hasn't serviced your cunt in over three months.  He's been
preparing you for the retreat.  Cassandra has been taking good
care of your hubby."
     Bill's complicity was a bigger shock than his infidelity.  I
listened stoically as she went on, "I'm sure you've been the
faithful wife and mother.  A fuck-doll like you going to waste. 
That's a shame.  Well, we're going to correct this injustice. 
You go back to your family but keep this in mind.  If you balk at
anything, show any resistance, show any false modesty, or give
any member of my staff a hard time, I will personally strip you,
beat you, have you gang fucked in front of your family, and drag
your ass off this property by your cunt hairs.  I've done it
before; I'll gladly do it again.  Do I make myself clear?"
     Her absolute power overwhelmed me.  A sense of total
helplessness flowed through me.  I nodded vigorously.  Helen
smiled and gently kicked away the young girl.  She placed her
left leg on her desk and hung the right over the arm rest.  Her
beaver yawned at me as she said, "I don't think you do.  Have you
ever sucked a pussy before, Karen, dear?"  I shook my head.  "You
will suck plenty this week.  Get on your knees and press that
pretty face between my legs."
     On trembling legs, I moved forward and settled to my knees. 
I stared at her gaping vagina and slowly brought my face into it.
Her warm wet musk filled my nose as her vaginal membranes sealed
themselves to my face.  My mouth was completely enveloped by her
fleshy cunt lips as I looked up her torso over her pubic mound. 
I licked submissively and noticed her signal the young girl
standing behind me.  I then felt small hands reach around my hips
and begin working my shorts, setting them loose and pulling them
and my panties down my legs.  I knew better than to lift my face
or say anything as the girl worked them free of my feet.  I
waited for a rude invader between my legs and shot bolt upright
at the sharp sting of a thin cane brought forcefully across both
of my ass cheeks.  I screamed, but immediately reapplied my
mouth, sucking and licking as hard as I could.  The cruel cane
struck repeatedly while Helen languished and ground her cunt in
my face.  The girl applied over a dozen smart strokes over my ass
and thighs and ended by bringing the cane on an upswing right
between my legs.
     The searing pain made me scream and roll to the floor in a
fetal ball, clutching my crotch.  I quickly recovered and
scrambled back between Helen's legs and slavishly licked.  The
pain was excruciating yet wildly erotic.  I had heard of people
deriving pleasure from pain, but never understood.  I now
understood and to further demonstrate my abject surrender, I
moved my knees out wide and tilted my pelvis as though in
invitation of another stroke to my pussy.  This pleased Helen. 
She smiled and said, "You learn quickly.  I was going to have
Stephanie give you a dozen to your clit, but you earned yourself
a reprieve and a reward.  Stephanie, lick Karen's cunt for her."
     I tried not to show my strange feeling of disappointment.  I
pulled Helen's lips apart and sucked madly on her large clit.  I
nearly died when that precious girl's mouth touched my fevered
and tortured sex.  The feeling was exquisite and I wiggled my ass
in her face as she sucked me.  The girl brought me off before I
brought Helen off.  I remained to lovingly lick Helen's juices
from her cunt and reluctantly stopped only when dismissed.  I
stood on wobbly legs wearing only my blouse.  
     Stephanie handed me my clothes but kept the bra and panties.

Helen said, "Bras and panties are not allowed here.  See that
your daughter complies with the rules.  As for the sleeping
arrangements, Bill will be sleeping elsewhere.  You and the kids
will have the bed to yourselves.  I expect you all to sleep in
the nude with you in the middle.  And one other thing, I want you
to sleep with your head at the foot of the bed.  If young Steven
should bet frisky with you, I expect you to be accommodating.  We
will be watching, and your cabin is wired for sound.  Be careful
what you say."
     I said I would comply and started to put my shorts on. 
Helen stopped me and told me to put them on downstairs.  I backed
out, scared to death, but still very excited.  As I passed
through her door, Helen shouted out, "Did you bring a tube top?" 
I told her that Jenny had one.  "Wear it tonight at the dinner. 
Oh, and Karen, I'm not really into the whips and chains gig. 
You'd be well advised not to get me started.  This is a fun house
not a house of pain.  Don't do anything to make me angry.  
     The maid escorted me downstairs.  I timidly made an entrance
into a group of three people (a member couple and a servant). 
They watched with smiles as I struggled into my clothes.  I
hurriedly left the clubhouse.  
                               

     "Get with the Program - alternative plot one"

     A thousand conflicting thoughts and emotions whirled through
my mind.  My whole life was turned topsy turvy.  By the time I
got to the cabin, I had calmed somewhat.   I met Bill at the car.

He said, "Honey, are you all right?  You look like you've been
crying."
     I said, "I have been.  Helen had me beaten with a cane.  I'm
all right, though."
     "That does it.  We're getting out of here right now.  Fuck
the damn job!"
     A part of me panicked.  I reached out and placed my hand on
his arm and said, "No, let's see this through.  We've gone this
far.  You were right; we need this job.  I can take whatever
Helen can dish out."  Bill studied me with great curiosity,
trying to read me.  The normal part of me tried to figure out
where that statement had come from, for I wanted out of there
fast.  I now realize that it wasn't Helen's threat that made me
want to stay.  We could easily get away.  It wasn't the job,
either.  It was Helen.  I wanted Helen to correct the injustice
in my boring life.  Bill seemed to see or sense it.  He said,
"Okay, if you're sure.  Just say when you've had enough, and
we'll be out of here."
     I said, "No, I want us to make a commitment to see this
thing through, no matter what, and I expect...no...I insist you
hold me to it."
     "All right.  We're staying the full week.  I won't
interfere, I mean that."
     "I don't want you to."
     "The kids will have to fend for themselves."
     "Of course.  Come on; I'll help you unload."
     As we unpacked our things, Steven lay sprawled on the bed
with his magazines.  Jenny helped me.  As I bent over a suitcase,
Jenny said, "Mom, what are those stripes on the backs of your
thighs?"
     I blushed and stood straight.  Steven, Bill, and Jenny
awaited my reply.  I looked nervously from one face to another
and decided to tell them the partial truth.  I knew Helen would
be exposing me to further outrages and thought I should brace my
family.  They were going to see a side of me that I didn't even
know existed.  I said, "I was given a beating with a cane.  I'm
all right."
     Jenny looked tearful and cried, "Why?  Who?"
     "It's all right, Jenny.  Helen Cummings had it done to put
me in my place.  I got a little smart with her and made some
threats.  She taught me a good lesson."
     Steven looked up with interest and said, "What lesson?"
     "To behave myself while we're here and not give anyone a
hard time.  Believe me, I won't, and I strongly suggest you guys
do likewise.  These people are serious, but they're here to have
fun, not hurt people.  We need to keep that in mind."
     Steven said, "Was it fun?"
     I looked at his amused face and said, "No, it was not fun. 
They took off my shorts and panties and hit me between the legs. 
It was not fun in the least."
     Jenny winced and made an agonized face, but Steven was even
more amused, saying, "Wow, they hit you in the cunt!"
     Bill said, "Steven, that's no way to talk to your mother."
     Steven's words thrilled me.  I tried to act serious and
calm.  I said, "No, Bill, let him say what he wants.  We can't be
enforcing our normal rules in this place.  You can't very well
let a boy look at stuff like that [indicating the magazines] and
expect him to call a vagina a vagina, or treat women, even his
mother, with any respect."  I looked to Steven and said, "To
answer your question, yes, she hit me in the cunt."
     Steven's face lit up at my use of the foul word.  Jenny
cried, "Mom!"  Bill looked equally shocked.  They've never heard
me say "shit," much less "cunt."  Steven loved it and said,
"Really, did she get your clit."
     Bill shouted angrily, "Steven, that's enough."
     Again I stood up for Steven and said, "Leave him alone,
Bill.  He obviously wants to hear about it.  I won't begrudge him
taking whatever pleasure he can grab from this experience.  I
would much rather he enjoyed this stay rather than be traumatized
by it."  To Steven I said, "And yes, she did hit my clit."
     "How'd she do it?"
     "Helen didn't do it.  She had a girl your age, a very pretty
girl I might add, take off my shorts and panties and start
whipping my ass and thighs.  She gave me over a dozen hard hits,
then brought one right up between my legs while I knelt on all
fours."  I found this confession very stimulating, but was not
prepared to tell them what I was doing on all fours.
     "Neat, did the cane go into your pussy slit?"
     "Yes, it went right in the crack."
     "Far out.  Did you cry?"
     "Yes, I cried a lot."
     "God, I wish I could have seen that."
     Jenny said, "Steven, you're awful.  You have no idea how
much that must have hurt Mom."
     I walked up to Steven and ruffled his hair, saying, "I think
he does, Jenny.  He's just being honest.   I appreciate that.  If
it happens again, I hope Steven is there to witness it.  Who
knows, they might even let him do the hitting.  Would you like
that, Steven?"
     "Yes, I'd do it, too.  I'd really make you cry."
     I brushed hair from his eyes and said, "Yes, I'm sure you
would, dear.  I can't say I'm looking forward to it, but if it
happens, I won't hold it against you."
     "Even if I hit you on your pussy?"
     I smiled, "Yes, even on my pussy, in my slit, on my clit. 
Are you happy?"
     "Yeah, I can't wait."
     That conversation with my son in front of my husband and
daughter had my pussy leaking into my shorts.  I knew I had to
change the subject and my shorts quickly before further
humiliating myself.  I remembered Helen's bra and panty rule and
turned to Jenny, saying, "I'm afraid I have some bad news for you
too, Jenny.  Helen said there's a firm rule: no panties or bras
are allowed here.  You'll have to change.  They kept mine, but I
still have need to change."
     "Mom, all I brought was skirts and dresses and a swim suit. 
I can't go without panties."
     "You have to, Jenny.  I'm sorry."
     "Well, we can't change here."
     "It's that or outside.  They want us to live in this fish
bowl.  We may as well make the most of this.  Just wait till
there's no one walking by and do it quickly."
     "What about them?"
     She indicated her father and brother.  I said, "Come on,
Jenny.  We can't possibly hide from each other in this room, and
I'm not sending everyone out every time you need to attend your
toilet or change clothes.  Hurry up now."
     "Mom!  At least make them look the other way!"
     "Jenny, honestly!"  I strode over and pulled her dress up
over her head like I used to when she was a child.  She fell
right into her old way of lifting her arms for me.  I tossed off
her dress and pulled her bra off the same way.  She crossed her
arms over her compact mounds as I knelt and dragged her panties
down, making her lift one foot then the other in bashful
humiliation.  While freeing her panties, I held her right foot
higher than necessary.  My eyes drifted to her crotch, inches
from my face.  I was suddenly paralyzed by the most exciting view
of my daughter's pussy.  I wondered what hers would taste like. 
Would her inner flesh feel differently than Helen's?  Would the
fine light hairs add or detract from the experience, and would
her pink clit grow any bigger in my sucking mouth?  I was
startled from my fantasy by Jenny crying out, "Mother, please,
put my leg down!"
     I dropped her foot and stood.  Jenny was trying to hide both
her tits and her crotch.  I tossed her a short skirt and blouse. 
I stripped naked and took my time finding something to wear.  In
the process, I gave everyone, even passers-by, a lewd exhibition.

Steven was a delight.  He got on his hands and knees behind me
and followed me everywhere.  I slowly pulled on a pair of shorts,
being sure to give Steven a good long look at my criss-crossed
naked ass, not to mention my pussy.  My awkward efforts were
slowed by my overly-dramatic show of pain as I gingerly inched
the shorts past one stripe at a time.  I was rewarded for my
effort by an exciting comment from Steven as he peered up between
my legs.  As my ass wiggled in his face, he said, "It's all red
where she hit you in the pussy, Mom."
     I said, "I wouldn't doubt that, but remember, pussies are
reddish on the inside anyway."
     "Yeah, I know, but yours is red inside and out, especially
on your left cunt lip.  I can see where the cane landed.  It went
across your clit to the right side of your pussy mound.  I can
see the mark through the cunt hairs."
     I held myself in this exposed position and questioned Steven
about my wound.  He rewarded me with another long and lewd
description.  He even used his fingers to trace the area. 
Afterwards, I reluctantly hid his visual treasure and said,
"Well, thank you very much for that commentary.  I'm sure Jenny
and your father appreciated it too."  
     I zipped my shorts and turned to face them, topless.  I
ignored their looks and searched for a tube top.  I borrowed one
of Jenny's and crammed my thirty-six inch tits into her
thirty-two inch top.  Jenny was dressed by then, so I suggested
we explore the facility.  We decided to pair off: boys going one
way, girls the other.  We parted near the fountain.  Bill and
Steven paused to look at the Venus.  I overheard Steven remark,
"She looks an awful lot like Mom, especially her tits and cunt,
huh Dad?"
     Jenny said, "Mom, how can you let Steven talk about you like
that.  He's being nasty on purpose."
     "I know, Jenny.  Boys are like that.  Let him have his fun,
dear.  Who knows, you might even find something you like here. 
I'll tolerate that too."
     "I seriously doubt that.  This place is scary, Mom.  These
men look at me like I'm naked."
     "You are under that outfit, and they know it.  You better be
careful how you sit or you are going to give somebody the thrill
of a lifetime."
     She smiled as we entered the clubhouse and said, "I already
gave Steven his thrill thanks to you."  She paused and said,
"Mom, why were you looking at me like that...you know, down
there."
     We walked side by side pausing from time to time to study a
painting or other object.  I said, "You mean why was I staring at
your vagina.  I don't know, sweetheart.  It captivated me. 
Frankly, I've never seen one so pretty, cute, and sexy.  I'm just
lucky the guys were there or I probably would have given it a
very long kiss, and not a peck either."
     "Mom!"  She giggled, "This place is getting to you.  Gosh, I
never thought I'd hear you say something like that....Did you
really like it that much?"
     We had stopped before a large painting of a leather-clad
dominitrix standing spread-legged over a bound young girl with
the girl's tongue reaching into the woman's exaggerated vagina. 
I turned and grasped Jenny by the shoulders, looked deep in her
eyes and said, "Jenny, I loved it and I'll try to look again and
again.  I may even try to sneak in a kiss from time to time.  I'm
just warning you.  Sweetheart, your legs are not your finest
feature, your pussy is.  Believe me."
     I could see her beaming through her delightful blush.  She
said, "I don't care if you look or anything, Mom."
     "I'll remember that.  Jenny, see that gentleman sitting by
himself in the lounge.  That's Mr. Peabody, the head of
accounting.  He's a nice guy.  Why don't we go over.  I'll sit in
the stuffed chair facing his and you can sit on the arm.  Here's
your chance to show a man your pussy and test his reaction."
     "Mom!  I couldn't do that...could I?"
     I took her hand and led her over, took the seat, and patted
the arm rest.  Jenny shyly sat with her knees tightly pressed
together.  I made introductions as Mr. Peabody smiled warmly and
ran his eyes over both our bodies.  We made small talk as Jenny's
legs slowly relaxed and drifted apart.  After three minutes, he
was unabashedly looking right at her naked pussy.  Jenny was
unabashedly showing it to him.  I talked while stroking my left
hand along her right thigh.  Jenny seemed to enjoy her first
intentional exhibition.
     Mr. Peabody enjoyed it also as he stared openly through the
top half of his bifocals.  Those glasses must have given him a
clear view.  His bermuda shorts testified to that.  Impulsively,
I let my hand drift higher up her thigh, pushing her short skirt
up before it.  Jenny softly cried, "Mom!" and laid her hand over
mine, following, not resisting.  I glanced around to see that no
one was looking, then continued to mover her shirt up past her
mons and angled my fingertips to her slit.  I traced her pussy
lips and said, "Penny for your thoughts."
     Jenny was nervously looking around as he said, "I was
wondering if it got any better."
     I pressed gently outward against her inner thigh with my
fingertips.  Jenny let her leg drift out until her knees were
eighteen inches apart.  I used a finger to pull her right labia
out and said, "She's beautiful, isn't she?"
     "Magnificent.  Look, why don't we move to the library.  It's
cozy and usually private."
     Jenny gave me an anxious look.  I said, "Lead the way."
     Mr. Peobody led us past the TV room and into a small book-
filled room with a small sofa, a desk, and a padded leather
chair.  He shut the door and said, "Have her lie down on the
desk, please."
     Jenny clutched my hand.  I turned to her and said, "Relax,
sweetheart.  He's not going to screw you unless you want him to. 
He just wants a better look at your gorgeous vagina.  Isn't that
right, Mr. Peobody?"
     "Jenny, no one here will do anything to you unless you let
them.  All you have to do is say no.  Everyone here will honor a
no.  It's a golden rule.  I just want a better look, okay."
     Without waiting for her response, I guided Jenny to the desk
and lifted her.  I pushed against her chest until she settled
back uneasily.  I scooted her back and placed her feet on the
desk-top, wide apart.  I told her to lift her butt.  Jenny
lifted; I pushed her skirt past her waist and stood aside.  Mr.
Peobody had dropped his shorts and advanced between Jenny's legs
stroking an impressive erection.  My mouth watered.  His eyes
focused on her beaver as he knelt.  Jenny was on her elbows,
watching him study her intimate anatomy.
     I knelt at his side and reached for his cock.  He
relinquished it to me and dipped his head to kiss Jenny's pussy. 
Jenny squealed; her thighs clamped his head.  I pumped his cock
and pushed out on her left knee.  She relaxed and soon had her
knees wide.  I watched him lick my little angle, then went low to
take him in my mouth.  I sucked him in that awkward position,
listening to my daughter's moans.
     I grew more and more excited, as did Mr. Peobody.  He
stopped to tell me to get naked.  I got up and stripped
hurriedly.  I rubbed my cunt against his elbow to let him know I
was ready.  He got up and practically threw me onto the desk
beside Jenny.  He quickly mounted me and shoved his cock all the
way into my wet pussy.  I drew back my legs, holding onto my toes
and screamed, "FUCK ME!  Oh, Yes, Fuck me hard!"
     Jenny rolled to her side and looked at the cock pumping into
my fevered crotch.  Having her watch added to my excitement.  I
lifted to meet his thrusts.  He fucked me long and deep, slowly
building up steam.  My orgasm exploded over me and was quickly
followed by another.  A third happened when he came.  I ground my
cunt on his spewing cock and milked his spend from him.  My
crotch became a milky froth of our juices.  
     He pulled out.  I still held my toes, exhausted.  Jenny got
down and looked between my legs.  I caught her eye, seeing her
between my knees and decided to hold my obscene pose.  I said,
"Take a good look, Jenny.  You're going to see a lot of this." 
Mr. Peobody put on his shorts and left.  I slowly recovered.  We
dressed and left.
     We walked to the bar, took seats and ordered cocktails.  We
sat silently for a few minutes.  When the drinks came, I took a
long sip and said, "Are you upset with me?"
     She smiled and said, "No!  Not at all, Mom.  God, that was
something, incredible."
     "It was that.  You may not believe this after what you saw,
but your father is the only man I've ever had sex with."
     "I'm not surprised, Mom.  I have a hard time imagining you
and Daddy doing it."
     "But you do imagine it?"
     She blushed and said, "Well, it's not like an obsession, but
yeah, I have."
     I smiled and touched her nearby thigh, saying, "Have you
ever seen your father's penis erect?"
     "No, but I did see it soft, hanging out the leg opening of
his shorts.  I've seen that a lot."
     "I figured so.  Have you ever touched a penis or kissed
one?"
     "No, never, not even Steven's, though he wants me to."
     "Interesting.  Steven has many dimensions, and I think he
has one dimension that is bigger and fatter than his father's."
     "Mom!  Are you horny for Steven?  It did look like you were
trying to turn him on back in the room."
     "Was I that obvious?"
     "Mom, you practically wiggled your vagina under his nose,
and if I didn't know better I'd think you wanted him to beat
you." 
     I took a casual sip of my drink while looking straight
ahead.  I said, "What makes you think you know better?"
     "God, Mom!  You're unreal.  Did they drug you?  You aren't
the same Mom that went up there."
     "You're absolutely right about that; but no, they didn't
drug me.  I'm sorry if I've said too much.  Hey, let's finish
these drinks and find the guys."
                         *  *  *
     We wandered around the camp for and found the guys at the
pool.  Few people wore suits and the pool staff was naked save
for shoes and hats.  There weren't many kids present in the camp,
but those we saw were as provocative and outrageous as the
adults.  The young boys gave the female staffers a hard time by
pinching and slapping tender areas.  The girls, some
pre-pubescent, flaunted themselves shamelessly at any male but
especially the handsome lifeguards.  Steven was naked in the
water with three of the little minxes.  On our way over to Bill,
a young boy, maybe thirteen, came up to Jenny sporting a junior
grade hardon and simply said, "Hi, my name's Robert.  Want to
fuck?"
     Jenny appeared to be studying the presented prick, but was,
in fact, too dumbfounded to immediately respond.  She simply
said, "No."  He looked to me and said, "How about you, lady?"
     I smiled and said, "Thanks for the offer, dear, but not
right now, okay.  You might try asking Jenny again, though. 
Maybe tomorrow or the next day."
     He shrugged and skipped off leaving me to deal with a
flustered daughter.  She said,  "Mom, are you crazy?  Can you
believe the nerve of that brat?  And what made you tell him to
try me again.  Do you think I might say, 'yes'?"
     As we came up to Bill in his lounge chair I quietly told
her, "If you don't, you're a fool."  To Bill I said, "Hi, dear. 
I see you found a spot with a view."
     "Goddamn, honey.  These chicks are fantastic.  This place is
so open and free.  I love watching these kids explore their
budding sexuality.  They're having a ball, literally.  I think
Steven lost his virginity in the pool right before you walked up.

See that little blonde swimming off.  She took it."  
     I gazed over the top rim of my sunglasses and said, "Bill,
that's the little girl that beat me in Helen's office.  Her name
is Stephanie."
     Bill looked up at Jenny and said, "Why don't you get in the
water, kiddo.  Take off those clothes and just jump in."
     Jenny hemmed and hawed, danced around nervously, then took a
lounge chair on the other side of Bill.  She managed to position
her legs facing the group of frolicking kids and slowly let her
feet drift apart.  I nudged Bill and we watched her on the sly. 
She finally had a good beaver shot going and attracted their
attention and their splashes.  They drenched her while she kicked
and squealed.  They got out of the pool and surrounded her.  She
struggled half-heartedly as they threatened to strip her and
throw her in the pool.  As her top came off and they were working
on dragging her skirt off, Jenny shouted,  "No!"  Three boys and
a girl immediately let go.  Only Steven still held her by a leg. 
He said, "Hey, come on!"
     One of the boys said, "Let her go, man.  She said 'No.'  The
lifeguard heard."
     Steven didn't understand but dropped his sister's leg and
joined his new friends as they jumped back in the pool.  Jenny
sat half-naked looking terribly frustrated and deeply
disappointed.  I said, "Let that be a lesson to you Jenny.  'No'
is a two edged sword around here.  Go on, take that silly skirt
off and get in the pool."
     She nervously complied and dashed into the water where she
was warmly received.  I said, "It looks like they might both lose
their virginity in the pool."
     "That's fine with me.  Say, what was that 'no' business
about?"
     I explained what we'd learned and said, "Helen made it quite
clear that the rule did not apply to me."
     "Too bad, it's a good rule.  Are you going to be able to
live with it?"
     I smiled and flashed him my leaking beaver through the leg
hole of my shorts, saying, "I already have, right in front of
Jenny, and made a complete fool of myself."
     "Anyone I know?"
     "Mr. Peabody.  Oh, and I heard about Cassandra and you. 
We'll just call it even."
     Bill blushed and turned his attention to the two boys
sandwiching our giggling daughter.  Greg Miller, Bill's
supervisor, sat with a large group of members on the far side of
the pool.  Greg was a short, barrel-chested man, very hairy and
balding.  He wore speedo briefs.  I watched him get up and dive
towards the kids, surfacing near them and advancing in the
waist-deep water.  The kids parted for him and he scooped Jenny
up in his huge arms.  He carried her to the underwater steps and
emerged by his friends.  They applauded and he carried her with
her ass facing them, her arms clinging to his thick neck.  After
parading her about, he brought her around to our side and carried
her right past us.  Jenny's adorable pussy peeked out from
between her tender thighs as her ass passed before Bill and I. 
Greg never acknowledged us, only grinned his shit-eating grin. 
We never heard a 'no' from Jenny, even as he headed out toward
the cabins.  We watched him carry our naked, virgin daughter
across the threshold of cabin seven.  Thirty minutes later, he
carried her back and paraded her pink, semen-weeping, raw pussy
around the pool several times as though making victory laps. 
Jenny appeared to be taking it quite well, even enjoying the lewd
attention.  He came near us to give us a very special look, then
heaved her into the pool.  Jenny came up laughing and splashed
him several times as the kids swarmed over her.  I looked to Bill
and said, "What a little slut."
     He smiled and said, "Yeah, ain't she, though?"
     As Greg strutted back to his group, I said, "Did you know he
planned to do that?"
     "I figured he'd try.  I never imagined that Jenny would go
along so willingly.  That was the big shocker."
     Bill and I watched three boys and Steven take turns coupling
with Jenny in the shallow end.  I couldn't call it fucking.  They
were mostly just taking turns getting buried to the balls and
locking themselves together for the duration of a turn as defined
by the group.  This went on for another thirty minutes and ended
when a tall man, old enough to be her grandfather and sporting a
mighty erection waded out and took a turn.  He made her squeal
and squirm, but she did not say, 'No.'  It took him a few minutes
to get fully seated.  He then emerged from the pool with Jenny
skewered on his dick, clinging to his neck, and with her legs
wrapped around his hips.   She looked like a spider monkey
clinging to her trainer.
     In this lewd manner, he walked her about for the amusement
of the pool patrons.  People peered between her legs, smacked her
fanny, and poked fingers up her asshole.  I saw people pointing
to us and waving him in our direction.  He came up and stood
between Bill's chair and mine.  We had an excellent view looking
up at the thick cock stretching our little girl's vaginal lips
thin.  He carried on small talk with us while obscenely
displaying her to us and a fairly large gathering that crowded
around.  Jenny merely hugged herself to his neck and buried her
face in his shoulder, breathing heavily.  Steven knelt between
our chairs and excitedly said, "Jenny's getting the shit fucked
out of her.  Look how big he is, Mom."
     I was looking, and looked harder when the man cupped her
small buttocks and began lifting and lowering her on that huge
pole.  He began fucking her in earnest, looking more like a man
jacking off with a girl's body.  Jenny wailed, pounded his chest,
dug her fingers in his hair, but never said, 'no,'  He made her
cum, then poured his seed up her cunt.  He surprised us all by
pulling her off his dick with a sucking pop, then setting her on
my lap, saying, "Thanks for the use of your daughter."  He walked
off amidst throngs of laughter as semen pouring from my daughter
and drenched my lap.
     Jenny enjoyed her initiation into public sex.  She returned
to the pool and was the center of attention.  When we left the
pool area, she didn't bother to put anything on and wiggled her
ass provocatively all the way back to our cabin.  Steven
constantly had his hands on and in her body as she walked along. 
Bill and I followed, amazed at the transformation we observed. 
We held back to let them get ahead.  When they went into the
cabin, we stopped on the path.  Bill said, "Let's give them a few
minutes in there alone."
     I said, "You think they'll fuck, don't you?"
     "I think they might.  Look, people are stopping to look in
our windows.  Lets go see."
     Bill was right.  Jenny was on the bed on her back holding
her feet by the toes as she had seen me do.  Steven was on his
knees between her legs and was fitting his cock into her cunt. 
We looked on with a group of twenty while they screwed with
abandon.  I placed my arm around Bill and we kissed.  A couple
came up behind us.  He behind me, she behind Bill.  He unfastened
and dropped my shorts.  She took out Bill's cock and began
jerking him off.  I parted my legs and took the man's cock in
from the rear.  They had us before the window.  Steven saw and
alerted Jenny.  Her head turned and she smiled at what she saw. 
     I loved getting fucked in public and thrust my ass out
shamelessly.  Bill came all over the window pane and I leaned
over and licked the sliding drools of sperm from the glass. 
Afterwards, I pulled off my tube top and pressed my tits to the
glass as the man pounded my cunt to mush.
     At our first meeting, Helen called me and Jenny to the stage
overlooking fifty members and staff people.  Helen announced,
"We'd like to officially welcome the Smith family to our club. 
Karen and Bill have graciously offered their lovely daughter as a
gift to all of us."  That was my cue to strip Jenny, and I
removed her clothes sensuously.  I got behind her and moved her
feet out wide with my foot.  I held her two arms up as Helen
said, "They said they will even deliver her to your cabin, or you
are free to use her in theirs.  She will remain nude and
available throughout the remainder of her stay, so you guys help
yourselves."
     The room burst out in applause.  Bill came forward and
lifted her into his arms.  He carried her from table to table to
allow the members to fondle her.  Jenny freely held her legs
apart for their groping, probing fingers and tongues.  After
dinner, and for the rest of our stay, we carried Jenny from one
fuck to another.  Bill and I also performed a live sex act with
her on the stage that evening.  Steven got his wish two nights
later as he and I performed at another meeting.  He bound and
beat me, then fucked my ass.  This was so popular that it became
a regular event at every meeting.  Steven demonstrated his
imagination and creativity.  He mastered me, and I grew to
worship him on and off the stage.  Before we left the retreat, I
pledged my indenture to my son and informed Bill that his marital
rights were being deferred to Steven.  Bill accepted this
declaration.   He did, after all, have Jenny.


"Getting With the Program-Alternative Plot Two"
By: Phil Phantom

     A thousand conflicting thoughts and emotions whirled through
my mind.  My whole life was turned topsy turvy.  By the time I
got to the cabin, I had calmed somewhat.   I met Bill at the car.
He said, "Honey, are you all right?  You look like you've been
crying."
     I said, "I have been.  Helen had me beaten with a cane.  I'm
all right, though.  The woman is a pervert, Bill.  She's sick. 
They're all sick."
     "That does it.  We're getting out of here right now.  Fuck
the damn job!"
     I could see right through his act.  I wondered what he'd do
if I had agreed.  Instead, I said, "Maybe we're being hasty,
Bill.  The worst may be over.  Suppose that was the test and I
passed."
     "Honey, I think you may be right.  We would be crazy to quit
now.  I had a talk with the kids while you were up there.  They
seem okay.  Look, lets wait for the first dinner meeting and see
how that goes.  It's six thirty now, that gives us ninety minutes
to think this out."
     I told him that was a good idea.  We went inside the cabin. 
I got Jenny aside and told her about the no-panty no-bra rule. 
She did not like that rule one bit as she'd only brought short
skirts and a swimsuit.  I got the tube top from her and convinced
her to go with me to find a lady's room to change in.  I ushered
her along protectively shielding her from sights I didn't want
her to see, like couples making out, bare body parts, and
especially lewd art work.  We found the restroom and changed our
clothes.  Jenny kept tugging at her hem saying she felt naked
without panties.  I assured her that if she sat carefully, no one
would ever know.
     We hadn't gone ten feet when a big meaty hand rested on my
shoulder.   It belonged to a god.  I've never seen a more
striking figure of manhood.  He could have been the model for the
fountain statue.  He told me that Helen needed my measurements
and that we should follow him.
     We followed; our eyes followed his cute, tight buns.  I was
glad Jenny would be with me, for I knew I'd be putty with this
guy alone.  Jenny seemed captivated with this hunk right off the
pages of a Gothic romance.  He led us to a simple room that had a
few chairs lining the wall and a low examination table.  A sexy
half naked girl in a nurses costume held a tablet on a clipboard.
He closed the door and told me to strip.  I started to protest,
but remembered Helen's words.  I shrugged and stripped.  
     He ordered me onto the table on all fours, then proceeded
to take measurements of me.  Everything about my private parts
got measured, reported to the girl, and recorded.  When he came
to my vagina, he measured the length of my labia lips, inner and
outer.  He measured my clit, the distance from my anus to my
pussy hole.  He also probed me with measuring instruments and his
strong fingers. He had me creaming.  I melted under his touch. 
     He laid me on my back on the table.  My legs hung off each
side with my open crotch facing Jenny.  He came up to my head and
I turned to find his erect penis in his hand.  He stroked its
ten-inch length poised at my lips.  Honey-like precum dribbled
from the slit.  My lips parted when his cockhead touched them.  I
sucked self-consciously at first, but with feeling.  I began
using my right hand after a few minutes.  I marveled at its hot,
velvety texture and manly musk.  
     He withdrew after a long sucking and got between my feet. 
He easily drew me down to the end of the table, put my ankles on
his shoulders, and brought his mighty cock to my opening.  I
looked down my body and gasped at the sight.  It was the biggest,
most beautiful example of man-muscle I'd ever seen and it was
poised to enter me.  I totally forgot about Jenny being there. 
He pushed that monster dick in hard.  I groaned and met his
thrust.  He worked for several minutes to fully seat himself.  I
went mad, twisting and turning and gripping the table's edge with
white-knuckled hands.  
     When his balls pressed tight to my ass, I drew my legs back
and grasped my feet by the toes and shouted, "FUCK ME!  Oh, Yes! 
Fuck me hard."  
     Boy did he fuck me.  He fucked my pussy juices into a milky
froth, pounded me into a stupor, and made tears pour down my
cheeks.  He made me cum three times then bathed my womb in a
copious douche of sperm.  When he drew out, my head slowly
cleared.  I was still holding my toes and the first thing I saw
was Jenny's astonished face framed by my bent legs.  She was
staring hard at my cum-leaking pussy.  
     Seeing my daughter shocked me back to reality.  Semen poured
from my hole as I sat up.  The nurse lewdly wiped my crotch with
a moist towel while together they held my legs apart right in
front of Jenny.  This was the most humiliating event of my life. 
He helped me down and Jenny looked with terror-stricken eyes,
expecting to be next.  He saw that look and said, "Relax, baby,
nobody's going to take anything from you here.  When you're
ready, you'll have to ask.  That's a golden rule, by the way.  A
'no' freezes any guy here, believe me.  I'm just glad your mother
doesn't seem to know that word."
     This piece of news both lifted my spirits, and shamed me
terribly.  I felt relieved for Jenny, but it made me look even
more like a slut.  We left the room and wandered aimlessly in
silence.  I could not bear to look Jenny in the eyes.  Finally,
she said, "Mom, Helen hit you with something, didn't she."
     I had forgotten about the marks.  I nodded and told her I
had gotten smart with her and it wasn't that bad.  She said, "You
were afraid to say 'No,' weren't you?"
     We stepped outside.  I turned to face Jenny and gripped her
by the shoulders, saying, "Sweetheart, there are things going on
here that I can't explain.  It has to do with power and sex and
control and your father's career future.  Helen is playing games
with me, and you're right, I can't say 'no.'  That doesn't mean
you can't."
     "Mom, don't worry, I'll never tell what happened."
     I hugged her tightly.  Twenty minutes later, we were all
seated in a crowded dining room.  I felt trashy in a tube top and
skirt.  Most diners were in suits and dresses.  Our table was
centered on a raised platform stage.  The tables fanned out from
it.  Bright lights illuminated the stage and our table, making us
feel conspicuous as the guests of honor.  Helen, looking radiant,
mounted the platform, and tapped a crystal glass on the podium. 
All conversation ceased.  She said, "As you know the Smith family
has applied to join our happy family."  Applause rang out and we
acknowledged it.  Addressing us, she said, "We have a traditional
way of getting to know what kind of people we're bringing to the
fold.  I'll explain in a moment.  First, we'd like to begin by
presenting Karen Smith with our coveted Venus."
     A man in a tuxedo entered with a jewelry box.  He and Helen
approached me.  I sat nervously as Helen got behind me, opened
the case, and laid a gaudy, heavy pendant on my upper chest.  I
could not see the thing, but it felt like a huge brass "W".  It
covered my whole upper chest with the base of the W in my
cleavage.  The emblem was attached to a heavy chain that Helen
crossed at the back of my neck and brought the two ends together
at my throat.  She snapped a jeweled padlock on the two end
rings.  It was then that I realized the chain was a large dog's
choker chain.  While snapping the lock in place, Helen whispered
in my ear, "This is a valuable piece of private property and the
lock is very expensive.  If you decide to leave here with it, or
damage the lock in any way, I'll have you arrested and charged
with grand larceny."
     My heart sank as she raised up and said, cheerily, "There
you are, dear, and it does look lovely on you."  She returned to
the stage.  By the astonished looks on the faces of my family, I
knew it was something vulgar.  I cautiously bent my head down and
looked.  I almost shit.  What I thought was a giant "W" was a
cutout of the Venus girl from the fountain.  She was posed as in
the fountain with her legs out in a wide "V", her hands
reaching around her haunches to spread open her sex. 
The plaque was painted by an artist with great attention to
detail.  The head of Venus was at my collar bone and her long
hair attached to the center of the chain.  On her chest, like a
tattoo over her big breasts, it read:  FUCK ME.
     I let go of the pendant and hung my face in my hands.  The
crowd applauded and laughed.  Bill patted my shoulder, Jenny
stroked and patted my knee.  I had never felt such shame.  I
slowly brought my eyes up and fixed them on Helen, not knowing
whether I wanted to kill her or kiss her.  She smiled back from
her rostrum, then announced, "Now, here's how this works.  During
your stay here, all acts of sexual intercourse between your
family and the membership and staff will earn you one of our
coveted cum drops."  She held aloft a white tear-drop-shaped
object the size of a grape.  "These attach to your Venus, Karen. 
Notice the hole where a hole on a woman should be?"
     I looked down and sure enough saw my skin showing through
her pussy.  She said, "The first one attaches to it, the
rest attach to each other to form a chain.  Your clothing may
never go above the bottom of the chain, so if you're bashful, you
better ask your family to keep their libidos in check.  We count
any exchange of semen from one body to another, so they can add
up quickly if you guys are very oral."
     We were all blushing at that remark, but I wanted to crawl
in a hole and die.  "Now, here are Karen's vital statistics. 
We'll be charting her progress in particular.  Her breasts
displace 920ml.  They measure 36".  Her nipple diameters are one
and a quarter inches soft, three quarters when erect.  Her tummy
is 23", her hips are 37.5", and her legs at the inseam are thirty
inches.  That's measured from heel to labia.  Her clit protrudes
even when not erect but during full erection measures one-half
inch above the mean plane.  Her labia majora are five inches long
and the labia minora are three and a half.  Her hole easily takes
two fingers, but four is her maximum without pain.  She has a
vaginal volume of 420 ml and can accommodate the largest penis
here fully within her vagina."
     My face could not have been any redder or hotter had it been
on fire.  I sat through this crude exhibition with a pounding
heart and stared blankly into space.  I thought it was over, but
she said, "Now, Karen, whenever someone earns you a cum drop, it
is customary to thank that person publicly at these meetings. 
They must first provide a witness as proof, however, so you
needn't worry about cheating.  The customary way of thanking a
person is by applying a kiss to their genitals.  For instance, if
Charlie fucks Jenny and has a witness, you would kiss Charlie's
cock.  If Bill fucks Cassandra, you would kiss her pussy.  Do you
understand the rules, Karen?"
     I nodded, numb with shock.  Bill and Jenny seemed equally
numb.  She had more, saying, "Since you obviously haven't had
time to do anything yet, I say we eat."
     A shout rang out from the back.  It was a familiar voice. 
It said, "Wait, I fucked Karen not an hour ago and I have a
witness."
     "Hey, it looks like Karen wants to get the show on the road.
Who is your witness, Lars?"
     "Jenny, her daughter."
     "Stand up, Jenny.  I'll need some information from you."
     Jenny looked at me with eyes of pure terror.  I told her to
do as Helen said.  She stood shakily.  Helen had the clipboard
and said, "Now, let's see.  Was your mother fully naked for this,
Jenny."  Jenny nodded but Helen made her speak up.  She finally
shouted, "Yes."  Helen asked, "Did she suck his cock?"
     "Yes!"
     "Did she take him analy or vaginally?"
     "Vaginally."
     "Did she take him fully?"
     "Yes, I think so."
     "Did she reach an orgasm, if so, how many?"
     "I think so, three, maybe four."
     "Okay, did he cum in her pussy or her mouth."
     "Her vagina."
     "You have to choose between pussy and mouth, dear."
     Jenny looked to me and I waved her on.  "Her pussy."
     "Well, it looks like Karen has earned her first cum drop. 
Lets give her a hand.  Come on up here, Karen."
     While the applause died down, I rose on trembling legs and
approached the stage.  Helen placed me center stage and fastened
the cum drop to my pendant.  The base of the drop rested on my
tube top, so Helen rolled the material down an inch, making the
tight roll cut my breasts in the middle and exposing the top
edges of each nipple.  I blushed throughout this ordeal.  She
called Lars up and stood him before me.  She had me kneel and
free his cock.  It sprang out and hovered over my face.  Helen
whispered so only I heard, "Don't just kiss it, you suck it and
don't let go."  She then said loud enough for all to hear, "Okay,
dear give it a friendly little kiss."
     I took the base of his cock and bent it toward my lips.  I
thought about how this looked to my family, but saw no other
option.  I let my lips flow over his thick knob and sucked it
into my mouth.  Helen said, "Hey, that's some kiss, Karen."
     I continued to suck as mummers floated about the room. 
Helen said, "I think she wants to earn another cum drop.  Is that
right, Karen?"
     She whispered for me to nod and I nodded.  "All right, let's
hear it for Karen!  Go for it girl."  
     Under her constant secret tutoring I put on a vulgar
display, using both hands to jack him off while sucking like a
mad woman.  When his cock erupted I had orders to hold his sperm
in my mouth and pull out to let one jet hit me in the face.  I
felt totally decadent following these instructions, but I
followed them.  When Lars pulled free, he zipped up and left. 
Helen tilted my head back and made me open my mouth wide.  Her
fingers dipped into the puddle of cum and she held them up for
cheers.  She wiped her fingers in the corner of my mouth, closed
my jaw with my head tilted way back and said, "Swallow."
     My shocked family got a good view of my throat muscles
working as I swallowed the semen.  Helen then stood me up facing
everyone and attached a second cum drop.  This time, my top had
to be rolled past my nipples.  The tube top would not stay on the
lower slopes of my breasts.  It simply settled at the base and
lifted them obscenely.  People laughed and cheered.  I knew I'd
at least be topless for the remainder of our stay, and that
notion filled me with dread.  I returned to my table as dinner
was served.  No one spoke.
     Back in the cabin, after dinner, I was inconsolable.  They
tried to reassure me, tried to make me feel better.  I simply
wanted to curl up and die.  Bill disappeared before dark.  When
it was time to turn in, I remembered Helen's words about the
sleeping arrangements.
     I sat up and called Steven and Jenny to me.  I took a deep
breath and said, "Look, Helen has ordered a special sleeping
arrangement that we must follow.  The three of us have to sleep
in the nude."
     Steven beamed, "Great!  I like Helen."
     I ignored his comment, took another deep breath and said,
"Furthermore, I'm to sleep between you two with my head in the
opposite direction.  Actually, this should give us more room."
     Steven said, "I like that."
     Jenny said, "Steven, stop it.  This isn't funny."
     I said, "Leave him alone, Jenny.  This isn't his idea, even
if he does approve.  Let's just get undressed and get under
covers, shall we.  I don't know about you guys, but I'm beat."
     Steven said, "I don't want covers.  It's too hot for
covers."
     Jenny said, "Suit yourself, but there are people looking
in."
     "Let them look; I'm not ashamed."
     I said, "Sleep any way you want, but let's get some sleep."
     I quickly got undressed and under the single sheet.  Jenny
got undressed under the sheet.  Our naked hips touched and Jenny
moved to the mattress' edge.  Steven stripped and stood by the
bedside.  His cock stood up rigidly on proud display.  I tried
not to look at it as he got on the bed and settled near my end. 
He adjusted his sleeping position until his cock was beside my
head and his head rested against my hip.  I lay there frozen as
he began stroking his member.  My eyes drifted to it.  He was
larger that his father and very stiff.  I also noticed people
with their faces pressed to the windows.  The lights from outside
cast a light hue in the room, making everything easy to see.
     My breathing increased as Steven increased his masturbating.

He jostled the bed.  Jenny got up on one elbow and saw what he
was doing and exclaimed, "Oh, Jesus, Steven, you're sick.  People
are looking at you.  Mom, make him stop!"
     I couldn't say anything.  I remembered Helen's warning.  I
wasn't sure I wanted to.  My eyes kept drifting to his lust
filled penis.  When I didn't try to stop him, Steven took that as
encouragement.  He rolled on his side and angled his cock towards
my face.  My left shoulder dug into his pelvis as he attempted to
bring his cock closer.  I could have turned my head and kissed
the head.  I was tempted.  I knew I should if I wanted to please
Helen.  
     Jenny raised up once again and declared, "Steven!  What are
you trying to do?  Mom!"
     I said nothing.  Steve took this as a go signal.  He raised
up over my shoulder and brought his cock to my lips, beating
faster, rubbing my slack lips with his weeping cockhead.  Jenny
stayed to watch her brother, awed at my complacency.  Steven grew
more excited and tore the sheet from the bed.  Jenny squealed as
he got to his knees.  He beat off with one hand and used the
other to explore my passive body.  He molded and squeezed my
breasts, pinched my nipples, then trailed his hand to my crotch. 
His hand cupped my hot sex.  Two middle fingers delved inside me.

My legs bent at the knee involuntarily.  My left leg laid over
Jenny's tummy.  My passions grew.
     Steven crudely fingered my cunt and I drew my knees back
shamelessly.  My outer left thigh passed over Jenny's fine pubic
bush.  I pressed down on it to bring my pelvis up to meet
Steven's fingers.  My mouth open and captured Steven's cock.  I
sucked as his pumping fist beat my chin.  He exploded in climax,
peppering my tonsils with his youthful spend.  My orgasm
followed.  I ground my pussy on his hand.
     I lay in utter shame and satisfied exhaustion.  Steven took
a breather and got between my legs to visually examine my wet
pussy.  I held my legs open for him.  He toyed with my sensitive
sex for ten or fifteen minutes, then grew another erection.  This
time, he settled between my legs and entered my still horny
pussy.  Jenny was speechless as I took him in my arms and wrapped
my legs around my son's waist.  I fucked my son without shame. 
In the middle of the night, he fucked me again.  I awoke the next
morning to find him entering me once again.  We fucked in broad
daylight before a small crowd gathered at our windows.  Jenny
climbed out of bed and wrapped herself in the sheet.  Steven put
on quite a show.   Afterwards, I felt totally decadent.
     I skipped breakfast and remained in the room dreading two
O'clock but relieved that by hiding out there would be no more
cum drops.  Jenny stayed with me much of the time, but Bill and
Steven were always out.  At noon a knock at the door sent a
shiver up my spine.  Jenny answered it and came to me with the
message that Helen wanted to see me.  She looked at me with eyes
of pity and sadness.  I crawled off the bed and put on my skirt -
my only covering. 
     With my breasts exposed I thought it was pointless to cover
my middle.  I looked at the hideous medallion, looked at Jenny,
and said, "Don't worry, Jenny.  This will end one day.  I can
handle it if you hold together."  She assured me that she could
and walked with me to the bottom of the stairs.
     The maid admitted me as before and led me before Helen who
sat with four of her executive wife friends, all smiling at my
humiliation.  Helen rose and walked around me, saying, "You
disappoint me, Karen."
     Strangely, those feelings from the previous day began to
resurface.  The humiliation of my subservient position and the
prospect of being punished again stirred my juices and brought
life back to me.  I said, "I'm sorry."
     "Sorry isn't going to cut it.  You're spoiling my fun by
hiding away.  I want you out and about, mixing and mingling,
showing off your necklace and the cum drops you've earned,
earning more, in fact."
     "I'll mix if that's what you want.  I earned several with
Steven last night.  I'm sure you got word."
     "I did, and that was good, however, fucking your son does
not earn you cum drops.  You weren't paying attention last night.
I think I have to spell everything out for you, Karen. 
Before I do, I think you need a little warming up to remind you
of your place.  Remove your skirt."
     I quickly stripped off the skirt and stood under the
watchful grinning eyes of the women.  Helen came over swishing
the thin cane through the air, saying, "I'm posed with a slight
problem.  I need to discipline you, but I don't want the marks to
show.  People might think you're being forced to do the things
you do.   We don't want to give that impression, do we, Karen?"
     "No."
     "Do you have any suggestions as to where I can hit you that
won't show a mark?"
     I gulped and softly said, "Between my legs?"
     "Excellent idea, Karen.  Why don't you get on that coffee
table and lie on your back with your cunt facing my friends."  I
assumed the position as the four women huddled at my crotch. 
"Now use your arms to support your hips.  Lift your legs high and
spread wide."  I pulled my legs up over my head and held myself
up by the hips, letting my legs fall out wide.  My head hung off
the edge and I saw Helen come and stand at my head looking down
on her target.  Before I could steel myself for the blow, she
swung down hard into my gaping slit.  The pain was excruciating. 
I rolled onto my side, clutching my crotch.  She said, "Get that
cunt back in position!"
     I quickly returned for another and was promptly paid.  This
time I only drew my legs together.  I forced them out as waves of
tingling heat burned my tortured pussy.  After the forth blow, I
held my legs apart the whole time.  Helen rained the blows down
on my pussy and triggered the oddest sensation.  Not an orgasm,
it was different - intense sensation.  She delivered the last six
while I held steady and almost rose to meet them.  The women
examined my numb pussy with their fingers as I held the position.
Helen looked at my glazed eyes and said, "Do you want to please
me, Karen?"
     "Yes!  More than anything."
     "I'll be frank.  I want to see you humiliate yourself before
everyone here including your family.  You are the entertainment
for this week, but you haven't been that entertaining.  I expect
you to do something about that.  You were a passive partner to
Steven.  I would like to see you acting more aggressive, slutty,
hungry."
     "I will, I promise!"
     "We'll see.  I was hoping your cum drops would be below
crotch level by this afternoon, but that doesn't seem likely with
forty minutes to go.  Thankfully, your son and your husband have
been doing their part.  Between them they've fucked five of my
girls so far, but they're only human.  When it comes time to
award your cum drops, I expect you to show you're willingness to
please me.  I should not have to prompt you to suck these women's
pussies and put on a good show."
     "Yes, I'll do it.  I promise.  I'll do it now if you want -
for all of you."
     "We can wait.  It will be better.  You may leave, now.  Get
dressed downstairs."
     I rolled off the table and picked up my skirt.  I made my
exit and stepped into the lobby downstairs wearing only my shoes.
Jenny was quite surprised as were six others.
     At the lunchtime meeting, seven women stood and told of
having sex with Steven or Bill.  I kelt before each and dutifully
sucked their pussies to orgasm.   Helen attached seven cum
drops to my chain, bringing the end to my navel.    Afterwards, I
returned to my table and had lunch with my somber family.  After
lunch, I did not hide myself away, nor did I berate Bill and
Steven for adding to my humiliation. 
     I mixed, mingled, and fucked.  Bill and Steven continued  to
rack up cum drops for me.  Jenny earned one by sucking her first
cock.  That evening, I serviced five men and eight women.  I also
lost my skirt as the chain went below my crotch.  The next
morning, I assisted Gerg Miller in deflowering Jenny.  With her
help, I had eight men and six women to service at the lunch
meeting.  When the chain reached the floor, the medallion came
off and we were officially welcomed as full-fledged members. 
Bill is now on the fast track with the company. Steven no longer
needs to make peep holes in our walls.  Jenny and I compete for
his attentions.


"Get with the Program"  
Alternative plot number three
By: Phil Phantom

     I followed the sexy maid into Helen's suite.  Helen lounged
in the nude with four of her executive wife friends.  Her cocky
air put me on the defensive.  I countered by a show of bravado,
stepping forward and saying, "Helen, you could have at least
warned us as to the nature of this retreat.  I hardly think this
is a fitting place to bring young childr..."
     Helen silenced me with a raised hand then said, "You shut up
and listen."  I gulped.  "I have waited a long time to get you up
here.  You will leave here one week from now either as the wife
of one of our new rising stars, or as the wife of an unemployed
bum with a poor recommendation.  If it is the latter, and you
make any trouble what-so-ever, I'll spare no expense to hunt your
family down, kill you and your husband, sell your son to the
white sex slave trade, and place your daughter into slavery right
here until she turns eighteen.  You don't want to know what we do
to them when they turn eighteen.  It is not a happy birthday when
you are the candle and the cake is a huge pile of kindling wood."
     I couldn't speak, move, run, or throw up.  I just stood
there with my mouth open.  Had those words been spoken by anyone
other than Helen Cummings, I would have spat in her face.  I knew
Helen was dead serious, and that she could and would do exactly
what she said.  Her next words were, "Strip!"  What could I do? 
I stripped.
     I soon stood before these women stark naked.  Helen got up
brandishing a long thin rod, slapping it against her palm.  She
advanced on my trembling form and shouted, "Stand with your legs
apart, arms out."  I moved into the position.  
     She circled me twice, then brought the rod arching down
across my stomach.  I screamed and dropped to my knees, clutching
my belly.  She yelled, "Stand up, bitch!"
     I quickly stood and assumed the position.  Another blow cut
across my buttocks, stinging like a thousand wasp stings.  Tears
poured from my eyes.  She moved around and swung up, cutting the
underside of my breasts.  I cried and clutched my breasts. 
Another blow hit the backs of my thighs and straightened me up. 
While behind me, she brought the rod up between my legs.  The
pain was excruciating and dropped me to my knees once again.  By
this time, I hurt all over and my mind reeled from the pain and
shock.  I begged and pleaded, but only got orders to resume the
position.  She moved in front and ordered me to thrust out my
cunt.  My eyes pleaded, but I did as she instructed, knowing what
was coming.  The anticipation was the worst part as I watched her
draw back and come up between my legs.  She applied a dozen sharp
strokes to the center of my sex.  By the time she finished, I was
on my knees, numb between my legs.
     Helen stepped forward and I looked into her shaved sex.   A
gentle pressure on the back of my head told me my next move.  I
pressed my face into her loins and slavishly used my tongue,
tasting my first pussy.  She stood casually and said, "Right now,
your husband is balling Cassandra as he has been doing for the
past six months.  Your kids are undoubtedly perusing the toys and
material in the room and getting very turned on.  Would you like
to know what your role is this week?"  
     I shuddered to think but nodded my head vigorously while
keeping my tongue deeply buried in Helen's musky sex.  She said,
"You are here to entertain me and my guests.  Actually, I should
say, you and your children."  I groaned, but did not stop my
licking.  "Each day we gather for dinner and supper.  We like a
floor show when we dine.  You will provide the floor shows.  This
afternoon, I think we'll start with something mild.  I think I'll
have you auction off Jenny's clothes."  I pleaded with my eyes,
but kept licking.  "Dress her in a full ensemble: heels,
stockings, garters, panties, skirt, blouse, bra, even a hat if
you'd like.  I'll leave the choreography to you.  Be imaginative.
Think sexy.  If your show is not exciting enough,
Jenny will be tied up and whipped by you.  The audience votes by
a simple thumbs up or thumbs down.  But I warn you, they don't
impress easily."
     Helen stepped away and returned to sit with her friends. 
They were all smiling.  I began to implore, but Helen stopped me
immediately, saying, "There's nothing you can say that I want to
hear.  If you don't cooperate, I'll have you, Jenny, and Steven
stripped, beaten, and bound in vulnerable positions for the
enjoyment of the members all week.  Bill will lose his job and
you will live with option number two - silence or death.  I'm
sure that answers any questions you may have had.  Now, go get
your little whore ready for the show."
     I rose to unsteady feet, gathered my clothes, and backed
out.  I dressed downstairs under the eyes of several leering
members and two staff people.  I went immediately to the cabin
and saw that the car was gone.  Once inside, I saw that Bill was
gone, too.  Steven was still absorbed with the magazines and
barely looked up.  Jenny ran to my arms and cried, "Mom, Daddy
went off with a naked lady.  She just called him and he went."
     I tried to soothe her as Steven said, "Yeah, if she had
called me, I'd have gone too.  She was a real knock-out, Mom."
     I stroked Jenny's head and said, "Kids, these people are
very sick.  We are in a very dangerous position with no way out. 
I have just received the beating of my life with a thin cane."
     Steven looked up and said, "Really!  Were you naked?"
     "Yes, and it wasn't amusing, Steven.  These people are
serious.  You may be next, young man, so get that smirk off your
face."  I took Jenny by the shoulders and said, "Sweetheart,
you're going to have to be very brave this week."
     "Are they going to beat me, too?"
     "I certainly hope not, but they might.  Honey, they want me
to auction off your clothes this afternoon at a dinner show."
     Steven looked up and said, "Hey, far out.  Will I get to
see?"
     I shot Steven a dirty look and said, "Steven, Please!"
     Tears immediately formed in her eyes as she cried, "Mom, No!
They can't make us do that."
     "Honey, they can and they will.  Furthermore, if the show
isn't exciting enough, they say I'll have to beat you myself. 
I'll do it, too.  I have no other choice, believe me."
     "Mom, no!"
     "Listen to me, Jenny.  This is no game; this is life and
death.  They are prepared to kill us if we cause trouble.  If we
cooperate, Dad will keep his job and get a big promotion.  Jenny,
whether we cooperate or not, you will not leave here a virgin,
I'm quite certain of that."
     Jenny's mouth fell open in shock.  Steven turned a page and
said, "So who wants to leave anywhere a virgin."
     I strode over to the bed and flipped through the magazines
until I found one showing a man with a large penis buried to the
hilt in a boy's backside.  I tapped the photo and said, "Jenny
isn't the only one subject to losing her virginity, smart ass. 
Do you still stand by what you said?"  He went pale and swallowed
hard.  I said, "Look, I'm sorry.  I'm upset and nervous.   I'm,
under a great deal of stress right now.  Your father not being
here doesn't help."  I turned back to Jenny and said, "We need to
be thinking about this show.  I don't want you beaten, Jenny, not
by me or anyone else.  Forget your modesty or your virginity and
think about survival.  From here on out, that's all I'm thinking
about.  I suggest you two do likewise."
     Jenny cried, "Mom, this can't be happening."
     "It is happening, Jenny.  Get used to it.  Don't make this
any harder than it already is."
     I had a difficult time getting Jenny ready.  Helen had some
things sent down that she thought we could use: spike heels,
fishnet nylons, a garter belt, and half-cup bra.  I made Jenny
put them on, though we had no privacy and drew a great deal of
attention.  Steven was the worst.  He leered at her body and made
occasional wise cracks.  I decided to ignore him.  When she was
dressed, I stood back and looked her over, making her turn in
place.  Her tear stained cheeks and puffy eyes did not add to the
effect, so I gave her another talk and applied heavier make-up. 
In the end, she looked gorgeous, like a junior street walker.  I
had her pace the room and offered tips on putting a sexy sway to
her step.  Afterwards, we rehearsed our act.  This was the
hardest part of all, because I found it difficult to advise her
to show off her tits and cunt when they got bared.  I thought it
would be a nice touch if I was forceful, even mean, since I
figured she might balk once we were on stage and clothing started
falling.  I warned her to expect my act.
     Bill returned looking sheepish.  We didn't talk.  He hung
around for a few minutes, then left.  We met up again at the
dinner table assigned to us.  Cassandra was on his arm and sat
beside him at our table.  I sat on his other side and saw her
fish out his stiff cock and begin jerking him off slowly.  I
hated them both at that point, though I figured he had as little
say in the operation as I did.  As the meals were served, Helen
mounted the stage.  It was a low platform, a bandstand, actually.
It was brightly lit and had a PA system.  She took the mike and
welcomed everyone.  She announced us as prospective new members. 
We each stood as our names were announced.  Bill stood with his
cock sticking out and drew howls of laughter and applause.  He
slicked back into his seat.  When Jenny nervously stood, the
crowd roared their approval.  She blushed prettily and hurriedly
sat.  Steven took a bow.  I got a good reception and sat
gracefully, blushing.
     Helen said, "Now, Karen has graciously offered to auction
off her lovely daughter's clothes and display her young charms as
a gift to us."  A thunderous applause went up.  She silenced it
with a lifting of her almighty hand and said, "Proceeds will go
to the purchasing of an urn for young Cindy McConnel."  Her hand
swept towards the huge fireplace mantle.  There was a row of
urns.  Behind each urn was the portrait of a young teenage girl. 
The one on the end was a picture of Cindy McConnel with a large
Dixie cup in front of it. 
     My heart sank as Helen said, "For all the pleasure she gave
us, she deserves a better resting place than a fucking paper
cup."
     The people laughed.  I was mortified.  When Helen called us
up, I dragged Jenny along.   I placed Jenny center stage and made
her stand erect, shoulders back.  I took the mike and started
right in, "Who'll give me ten dollars for this lovely girl's
shoes?"
     Jenny began sobbing quietly right away.  The bidding was
brisk.  I took twenty-five for her shoes and invited the man to
come up and remove them.  He lifted each leg high in claiming his
shoes, causing her intense shame.  The crowd loved it.
     "Now, can I hear twenty for her stockings?"  I lifted her
skirt all around to fully expose them to the bidders, making her
turn in place.  The stockings went for thirty-eight.  One of
Helen's lady friends took them from Jenny, reaching her
red-nailed fingers high up Jenny's legs in the process.
     "Can I get fifty for the dress?"  The dress went for ninety
to an old accountant.  Jenny stood in bra, panties, and a garter
belt.  The garter belt went for ten.  Jenny started crying.  I
squared her shoulders and auctioned her bra for fifty-five.  I
continually had to make her stand erect after the bra was
removed.  Tears flowed down her cheeks.  I walked around her and
slapped her firm ass as the panties went up for bid.  They went
for two-hundred dollars.  Greg Miller, Bills supervisor, took the
bid and advanced towards the stage sporting an evil grin and a
hardon.  As he knelt with one knee on the stage, I moved Jenny up
to him.  His hands slowly took her briefs and eased them 
down as the crowd got to their feet.  He paused when the top edge
went past her pussy lips.   Her turned her to show her ass and
dropped the panties several more inches.  He turned her to face
front, and moved them to mid thigh.  Jenny was trembling as his
meaty hands caressed her firm body and delved between her legs,
wiping through her slit.  When she pulled back, I swatted her ass
to make her offer her loins.  
     Somewhere during all of this, I got turned on.  My pussy
swelled and lubricated.  I think it was seeing this burly older
man fondling my pure virgin daughter in public that did it. 
Impulsively, I moved up close behind her and cupped her tight
moons very low, my fingertips near her sex.  I shoved her loins
out to him in bold offering.  He palmed her cunt and fingered her
pussy while I held her for him.  Occasionally his fingers brushed
mine as they did their dirty work, giving me a strange thrill. 
Jenny quivered under this molestation.  After the panties came
off, I took Jenny by the scruff of her neck and marched her to
various points along the stage front, making her assume lewd
poses.  
     The crowd loved it when I made her turn and bend low.  I
pushed her feet wide and leaned over her ass, reaching in with
both hands to spread her cheeks.  They roared their approval.  I
looked at her pink rosebud and impulsively teased my wet finger
around it.  Some yelled, "Poke her!"  It was all the
encouragement I needed.  I ignored Jenny's groan of despair and
pushed my fuck finger steadily into her tight asshole.  I loved
the feel of her and my smile was genuine as I pandered to the
crowd, finger-fucking my little girl's ass.  I was not ready to
quit.
     I marched Jenny to the other end of the stage and had her
turn in profile.  I reached to grasp her foot nearest the
audience and raised it high, pointing her toes to the ceiling. 
Jenny was forced to use her hands for support as I made her do
the standing splits.  I hugged her vertical up-raised leg and
traced my fingers along her crotch, teasing her vaginal lips with
my painted nails.  This was so popular, I repeated it at several
points along the stage, giving everyone a great view of my
daughter's pussy.  I also increased my manipulations of her
cunt flesh, brazenly displaying her pink meat, even dipping my
fingers into her heated sex.  
     Afterwards, the vote was taken.  To my utter
astonishment, we barely got enough thumbs-up votes to avoid the
beating.  Clearly, my bold finale saved her and she knew it.
     After the dinner.  Helen called for me.  I was stripped,
cuffed, and beaten between my legs.  It wasn't for any wrong
doing.  She simply wanted to do it.  Afterwards, I thanked her
and went down on her and her friends.  Before leaving, I got my
next assignment - to seduce and fuck my son on stage.
     This went surprisingly well, as Steven needed little
seducing.  Once he realized what was expected, he became the
aggressor.  We sat on a sofa on center stage.  I placed Steven's
hand on my breast.  He then took over.  He stripped me and
practically rapped me, taking me in a variety of lewd positions,
playing to the audience.  It was not to avoid a beating; for
again, it was Jenny who would pay the price.  She stood naked and
bound spread-eagled in a wooden fram that looked like a large
frame for a double door.  She watched with great interest during
the performance, and I'm sure she silently urged us to greater
acts of depravity.
     We got a general thumbs up, but again I was summoned for a
beating.  This time, I got a dozen stokes between my legs for not
suggesting he take me in the ass.  I cursed myself because the
thought had occurred to me.  
     My next show was with Jenny.  I tore her clothes from her
and jammed her face in my widespread beaver.  I humped her crying
face and slapped her around for their enjoyment.  I put on a
strap-on dildoe and fucked her ass.  Afterwards, I forced her to
tongue-fuck my asshole and ended by squatting over her face and
pissing.  Again, we barely avoided her beating, but I still got
mine for not making her drink my piss.
     Each show got nastier and nastier.  Bill took Jenny's cherry
while I serviced them with my tongue.  At another show, we all
got in on the act, did a great job, but didn't make the cut. 
Jenny got her first beating at my hands.  I got another for not
hitting her between the legs.  The next time I did it right.  
     Between shows, Jenny and I were kept nude and were available
to anyone, male or female.  Steven took great advantage of us.
By weeks end, I had helped every man there mount my daughter
several times over.  Jenny and I had also eaten every
pussy several times over.  Jenny got a thorough beating after
nearly every show and learned to take a cane to her cunt rather
well.  The final act was a family gang bang involving everyone. 
After the show, Bill got his promotion, and we were welcomed as
full members.  
     After the announcement, a group of young girls were marched
out, smiling.  They were the girls whose pictures were over the
mantle.  Cindy McConnel led the procession drinking from the
Dixie cup.  Helen placed her arm around my shoulder and said,
"You didn't really buy all that, did you?"
     I smiled and kissed her. 

