	PROM DATE
		   by Ann D

 A full moon illuminated the dirt road as Michelle
walked down the dirt road.  From behind she could still
hear the sound of music from the country club where the
senior prom had been held. A glance at her watch told her
it was only five past two, only a half hour since she'd
broken up with her boyfriend Bobby. The night had started
well enough, they had danced and partied the night away
with all their friends.  Midnight came and went and
couples began to disappear from the party.  It was no
secret that they had relocated to various motels in the
area. Michelle had already made her decision to let Bobby
have her "precious pearl" as her mother always called it. It
was only a determination to wait until the prom when it
would be really special that made the 18yr old wait this
long.  About one o'clock Bobby said he was ready to go
and he had something special planned.  With a smile in
anticipation  of what was ahead, Michelle followed Bobby
into the parking lot.  When they got to the car, Michelle
was surprised to find Jack Nelson, Bobby's best friend by
the car.
"What's Jack doing here?" She asked Bobby in a
low voice. "Are we giving him a lift home?"
"Well I figured it would be more fun if we all went
down to the Lantern Inn together." Bobby replied.
"I guesss we could give him and Connie a lift."
Michelle answered as she looked around the parking lot .
"Where is Connie?" She added when she saw no sign of
Jack's girlfriend.
"Connie's parents already picked her up." Bobby
answered, "Its just going to be the three of us."
At first Michelle thought it was a joke, until she
saw the serious look on  Bobby's face.  He really expected
her to take care of both him and Jack.  
"Are you out of your mind?" She yelled, pulling
away from him. "you think you I"m just gonna roll over
for one of your friends?"
"Come on baby, it'll be fun." Bobby said with a
grin.  "It's not like I want you to spread your legs for him
or anything, just give him a little head.  Its not like you've
never given a blow job before."
Michelle's face trendy a bright crimson. She did
want to do it with Bobby. She had laid awake night
thinking about what it would be like. But not like this, not
like she was some cheap hooker." 
"No way,Bobby! She said angrily. "I want you to
take me home this minute."
"Wait a minute, baby, I promised Jack we were
going to do some partying and get some serious action.
No way you're going to make me look like a fool!"
"You bastard!" Michelle thundered as she slapped
Bobby's face with all the strength she could muster. "If all
you're worried about is looking bad in front of your friend,
then why don't you get down and blow him!"
With that she turned and ran in the opposite
direction as fast as she could.  Bobby made no effort to
stop her, even knowing that she had no way back to town
and it was a ten mile walk.
"Stupid cunt!" she heard him call out as she ran.
So here she was, less than a quarter mile down the
road and already tired. Prom dress and heels were a lousy
outfit for hiking. 
"Shit," She muttered. "The way this night is going
it'll start to rain next."
Fifteen aching minutes later, Michelle heard a car
coming down the road from the direction of the club.
Moving off to the side of the road she could see the
headlights coming down the curved path.
"What if its Bobby?" She thought. She'd figured
he'd taken the other road home when he didn't come right
after her. Now she didn't want to have to face him.
As the car approached and slowed to a stop, it was
definitely not Bobby. Instead of the old Tercel that Bobby
had bought earlier in the year, Michelle stood before a
chrome blue corvette convertible.
"Strange time for a nature walk." said a soft
feminine voice from the car. 
The door opened and out stepped one of the most
beautiful women Michelle had ever seen in her life. Almost
a half foot taller than Michelle's 5ft 2, the woman had light
brown hair with just a touch of silver. A low cut evening
dress barely contained a more than ample bosom which
Michelle could only envy. Many times she had stolen
secret looks at the other girls in the shower at school and
t5ried to conceal her disappointment at her own 32 inch
bust . A diamond the likes Michelle had only seen in books
hung between the crevice of her breasts. Yet, even if it
hadn't been there, Michelle would've been hard pressed not
to stare.
"I had a fight with my boyfriend." Michelle
stuttered. "I guess I should've made sure I had a ride home
first."
It was only at that moment that she realized how
stupid she'd been. It would've been easy to have just gone
back and gotten a ride from someone else. But the
embarrassment in being so wrong about Bobby had kept
her from doing so.
"I've had a few of those myself." The woman said
with a smile. "Can I at least offer you a ride."
"Could you ever!" Michelle exclaimed as she took
a step forward and remembered how sore here feet were.
"Hop in." The woman said as she stepped back
into the car. "My names Samantha."
"Michelle." came the reply as she ran around to the
other side of the car.
"Settling into the passenger seat of the two seater,
Michelle had a better chance to assess Samantha. She
figured she was in her late 30's, thinking she hoped she
looked that great at that age. The designer gown she wore
made Michelle's prom dress look like a rag, she was sure it
cost more that her parents made in a month.  I feel like I
should be on one of those late night soaps, Michelle
thought as the car roared down the road.
"Care to talk about it?" Samantha asked.
"Its kind of embarrassing."
"Its ok sweetheart, I promise i won't think less of
you."
Something about the friendly manner in which she
spoke made Michelle want to open up. So she told the
whole story of how she planned to give away her greatest
gift and instead found herself being given away as a door
prize.
"You're right," Samantha said, "He was a stupid
bastard."
"I still can't believe that he wanted me to do it with
both of them."
"Well, what he suggested can be an adventure,"
Samantha said with a smile. "But it was certainly crude of
him to suggest such a thing for your first time."
Michelle took a deep breath , realizing that the
older woman spoke from experience. The image of this
beautiful woman lying naked with two men suddenly made
her feel warm inside.
An hour ago the thought was disgusting to her,
now she found it erotic. Without realizing it, Michelle
found herself dress draped across Samantha's long legs and
wondering what it looked like beneath it.
"Its kind of hot tonight, want to stop at the 7-11
and get something cold to drink?" Samantha asked,
snapping Michelle's attention away from the folds of her
dress.
"Sure...." She stuttered, suddenly realizing that she
was flustered and it had nothing to do with the heat.
"If you're not in a rush to get home, I know a real
cool place that we can drink these." Samantha said as she
stepped back into the car with two bottles of Coke.
"That'll be great," she answered without thinking.
For a moment she had second thoughts, but then figured,
why not. She was enjoying Samantha's company and her
parents had already said that they didn't expect her home
until the morning. It had been her Dad who had taken her
Mom to their own prom and thankfully they still both
remembered what it was like to be 18.
"Its not far," Samantha said as she put the car in
gear. "And it has the most beautiful view of the lake."
Five minutes later, they were parked in a small
clearing by the lake, hidden on three sides by the trees,
"This is beautiful," Michelle said as she admired
the moonlit lake. "I'm surprised no on else ever comes up
here."
"Its a carefully kept secret." Samantha replied as
she drank the bottle of coke. "I went to college near here
and this spot was one of the secrets of my sorority. Just a
spot were a girl could relax and dream."
With fascination, Michelle watched as a drop of
soda spilled onto Samantha's chin and flowed down her
neck and down to her breasts. The older woman smiled as
she caught the youngers gaze.
"I'm sorry...." Michelle mumbled in embarrassment.
"Its just that your so beautiful."
"Theres no need to apologize, Michelle. In fact if
anything I feel complimented."
The warm smile of the woman made Michelle want
to melt, and when she ran her manicured hand down
across her breast to wipe the soda, Michelle felt her legs
go weak.
"That soda hit the spot," Samantha said. "Guess its
time we got you home."
"Theres no rush!" Michelle said quickly. "I mean
we can stay here a little longer. Its so nice and my parents
don't expect me home for hours." She added, more than a
little flushed by her quick plea to stay.
Michelle couldn't tell what Samantha was thinking
as she awaiting a response. Something drew her to this
woman and she didn't want to let it go.
"If I came home too early, I'd have to explain why?
She quickly continued, nothing full well that it was a
rather lame excuse. "And I'd rather not have to tell them
what happened."
"Well we can't have that can we?" Samantha
smiled. It is a beautiful night and I guess we can stay a
little longer."
Turning the radio on low, the two women sat back
and listened. Without thinking, Michelle found herself
curled up against Samantha. To her surprise it felt
astonishing good.
After a while, Michelle felt Samantha's hand stoke
her hair and continue down to her neck. Finding no
resistance, it moved across the curve of her small breasts. 
Michelle felt an electric tingle go though here as
she felt the nails caress her flesh. She was scared and
excited at the same time. Part of her said no, another
screamed yes. Here, hidden in the moonlight, no one
would ever know. Sliding down her gown, the nails
touched the edge of her nipple, finding it erect. A moist
tongue ran across her outer ear as Michelle heard  herself
say aloud in a voice that seemed strangely detached.
"Yes, oh please yes."
The older woman shifted and brought both hands
to the sides of Michelle's face. A tender warmth filled her
face as she drew the girl closer and kissed her. Gently at
first, their lips barely touching. Then harder a second time,
her more experienced tongue finding Michelle's.
"Are you sure?" Samantha asked.
Michelle just nodded yes, unable to catch her
breath long enough to repeat her plea.
A third and fourth kiss followed, moving down the
length of her neck as Samantha loosened the back of
Michelle's dress and undid the hidden bra beneath it.
"They're not very big I"m afraid," Michelle said a
little ashamed as the cups gave way to reveal small wads
of tissue paper.
"Nonsense," Samantha said as her kisses continued
down to the girls breasts. "They're beautiful."
Michelle closed her eyes in estacy as the older
woman's tongue found her nipple and her mouth closed on
it, sucking it ever so gently. So different from the rough
biting Bobby had always given her.
"I can't believe I"m doing this." Michelle said to
herself. "But it feels too good to stop."
Moving to the other breast, Samantha continued to
play with the first with her free hand. Fire ripped through
Michelle as she struggled to get out of her dress, yet at the
same time nit break contact with Samantha's wonderful
mouth.
"Please, let me do the same with yours...."
Michelle moaned with pleasure.
Samantha brought her head back up and kissed the
girl again, this time it was short but just as sweet. Sitting
upward she reached behind her neck and undid the straps
of her dress and allowed it to fall free, revealing only the
barest of white lace to contain her breasts.
Michelle reached out and ran her hand across the
lace covered mounds, the feeling was more than electric.
Undoing the clasp in front, she let them burst forth.
Unable to control her excitement, Michelle surged
forward and buried her face between them, kissing them as
fast as she could. Samantha could only laugh as she
wrapped her arms around her and hugged her.
"Take it easy, my little love. We have plenty of
time and the best is yet to come."
Giving the younger girl a few minutes to spend her
enthusiasm, Samantha motioned for them to get out of the
car. Removing a large blanket from the truck, she spread it
out on the grass and reached out for Michelle to join her
on it.
Laying Michelle out alongside her, Samantha
removed the girls panties. Running her fingers across the
small pubic patch, she ran her tongue across the edge of
her mouth.
"Like I said, the best is yet to come."
Removing her own panties, she returned her
attention to the small breasts of her new playmate. This
time following the folds of her body to what Michelle still
thought of as her precious pearl. Only this time she was
giving it to someone else.
Reaching the pearl, she parted the lips and darted
her tongue inside. The waves of pleasure Michelle felt
suddenly doubled, causing her to moan once more. The
harder Samantha moved her tongue, the faster the waves
repeated.
"Oh God!" Michelle shouted. "I didn't think you
could ever feel so good!"
Faster and faster the waves washed over her, each
bringing her closer to an explosion of delight. tears ran
down her cheeks as she tried to delay the fire within her so
that she could enjoy each second.
With a yell, Michelle climaxed as she had never
done before, be it by her own hand or Bobby's clumsy
attempts. Her small body shook for endless seconds as she
took in every aspect of her rapture.
Finally covered with sweat she stopped and tried to
catch her breath. Samantha gently ran her hand across the
side of her face, then leaned down and kissed her. This
time it was both long and gentle.
"I don't think I could every make you feel as good
as you just made me feel." Michelle said breathlessly.
"Don't worry my love," Samantha said. "You have
plenty to time to learn, the summer is just beginning."
"I guess I did loose my pearl tonight after all."
Michelle said with a smile. "Though not exactly in the way
I planned."
She leaned forward and kissed Samantha with all
the passion in her body, holding her tight long after the
kiss ended. It was going to be a long interesting summer
for both.

END
