			"A Prom Twist"  
			by Mitchell Knight

	The breath of spring sweetness entangled itself in my nostrils
causing me to look up from _Foundation's End_ to meet the beautiful face
attached to this alluring scent. 
	"Hi, Doug," Cynthia Johnston whispered, obeying the
strict law of the school library. 
	"Uh...hi, Cynthia." 
	"Can I sit here?" she asked, pointing to the seat
directly across from me. 
	"Yes." 
	I had the whole table to myself, so who was I to
refuse the most beautiful girl in school the opportunity to join me? 
	The tight green low cut blouse allowed me a great
view of her cleavage as she leaned over the table to put her pert nose
within three inches of my face.  As she spoke, the clean scent of
wintergreen brushed over my face. 
	"I was just wondering if you had a date for the Prom
yet," she whispered. 
	"No, I don't." 
	She cocked an eyebrow and grinned.  "A cute guy like
you without a date?  I can't believe it." 
	I wrinkled my nose, causing my glasses to shift up
slightly before I answered, "No, really, I don't have a date yet." 
	"This must be my lucky day.  Would you go to Prom
with me?" 
	My eyes widened, but I quickly blinked them back to
normal.  Mostly the shock of the whole situation allowed me to keep my
cool. 
	"Sure," I answered casually. 
	"Great," she squealed.  "I can't wait to tell all my
friends." 
	She gave me a quick kiss on my cheek and then jumped to
her feet and left.  Her scent hung over the table.  Closing my eyes, I
imagined she was still there, and I tried to hold this impossible moment
in my mind for as long as I could.  I was going to Prom with Cynthia Johnston! 

	
	We were on our weekly comic book run that afternoon when I told Jack my 
amazing news. 
	"It's got to be a joke!" he said. 
	Leave it to my best friend to voice the little
thought that had been whispering at the back of my mind all day. 
	"A joke?"  I asked.  "How could this be a joke?" 
	"Oh, c'mon.  Girls like that just don't ask out guys like
us." 
	"What kind of guys do they ask out?" 
	"Popular ones.  You know, like Gregg Baxter or Mark
Potter.  We're supposed to go to Prom with girls like Janice Kard." 
	"But she did ask me," I protested.  "Maybe she's just
tired of those other guys and wanted a cute average guy like me." 
	"Hey, for a guy you're not ugly, but face facts man,
there's something sneaky going on." 
	"I don't think so.  I think she's serious." 
	"Okay, whatever you say.  Just keep your guard up, so
she doesn't get you too bad with whatever she's got planned." 

	"I talked to Janice Kard's mother this morning," my mom mentioned at
the dinner table that night. "And she said Janice doesn't have a date yet. 
Maybe you should ask her to the Prom." 
	"That's okay.  I already have a date." 
	"Really? With who?" 
	"Her name's Cynthia," I answered. 
	"Hmm...I don't think you've ever mentioned her before. 
Is she a nice girl?" 
	"Yes.  You'll like her." 
	 And of course I was right.  Cynthia charmed my
parents the night of Prom with her innocent good looks and outgoing charm. 
I thought my father's camera would never stop flashing.  Luckily the film
finally ran out. 
	"Okay, we better get going now," I suggested. 
	"Of course," my mom agreed.  "You two have a good
time." 
	I had a fantastic time.  I walked into the ballroom
with the most beautiful girl on my arm and danced the night away in a
dream sea of the spring freshness that she wore.  Her scent had to be
natural because nothing that intoxicating could have come from a laboratory. 
	"I got us a hotel room," Cynthia whispered in my ear
as the dance was winding down.  "Are you ready to go?" 
	Now my world had been completely thrown off balance. 
Getting asked to the dance by her was one thing, but now she wanted me to
go with her to a hotel?  Anxiety clamped down on my stomach.  Did I really
want to do this?  I knew that my main fear wasn't hav ing sex with this
girl that half the school desired, it was that I wouldn't be able to
perform once we were alone.  To me she was merely a status symbol, and I
had no interest in her sexually at all.  Yet, if I said no to her, then
what would she and the whole school say?  I didn't have a choice, I had
to go along. 
	"Yeah, let's go," I said, feigning eagerness. 
	On the drive to the hotel, I frantically thought of
some way to get out of the situation.  By the time we entered the room, I
didn't have a workable plan and panic had really begun to set in. 
	"Make yourself comfortable," she suggested.  "I need
to use the bathroom." 
	I went and sat down on the bed and removed my shoes.  I
heard a door close...open? 
	"Hi, Doug," a deep male voice called from the foyer. 
	I looked up and saw Gregg Baxter standing there with a
big grin on his face and...what was that in his eyes?--excitement? 
Cynthia stood next to him, frowning. 
	"Here you go, babe," Gregg said, handing her a key.  "Go
to the room and wait for me.  This should only take a couple hours." 
	She sighed.  "Can't you do it any faster?" 
	"A good prank takes time," Gregg answered.  He kissed
her, and she took the key and left. 
	"What's going on?" I asked. 
	"Don't worry, Doug.  Just a little game I needed to play
in order to get you here," Gregg answered. 
	He went to the door and deadbolted it and pulled across
the chain.  Then he dimmed the lights.  Although I was very relieved to
have escaped sex with Cynthia, I wasn't sure whether I'd traded in for
something far worse.  Here I was in a room all alone with
 our high school's best wrestler.  He'd gone to state two years in a row. 
Now I was worried he was going to try some of those moves on me, and I
wasn't really interested in seeing them. 
	"I asked her to do all this, so I could be alone with
you.  She thinks I'm going to play the ultimate prank on you as a
highlight to our senior year.  I'm supposed to have sex with her later to
pay her back, but I really want to just fuck your brains out." 
	My heart pumped overtime in response to my excitement and
to fill my dick with blood.  My erection stretched the thin cotton of the
rented tuxedo pants.  Have sex with Gregg Baxter?  You don't have to ask
me twice! 
	Gregg smiled, and I noticed his eyes had fixed on my
crotch.  "I'm glad," he said.  "I was worried you might not be gay.  This
will be much more fun now." 
	He crawled onto the bed and pulled me down beside him.  His strong
square hand traveled along my side, drawing small shivers of delight every
where it touched.  I tentatively reached out and brushed the soft brown
curls that hugged his scalp.  Looking deeply into his pale brown eyes I
recognized now that what lay within them was lust. 
	Grabbing my closest buttock, he pulled me in tight
against his body.  I could feel the hard muscles of his chest against me. 
He tucked my head into his shoulder and squeezed our bodies almost too
close for air but exquisitely close for me to feel the manly strength
and desire of him. 
	Backing off, he looked deep into my eyes.  "God, I've
dreamed about this for so long."  He sighed deeply, the breath passing
slowly through his thin sensuous lips with just a hint of dark stubble
above them.  "You're so cute." 
	Before I could say anything, those lips sealed off
mine in a soft kiss.  Then he went in for the kill, pressing down hard on
mine and spreading my mouth wide with his warm tongue.  I explored his hot
mouth and felt him grind his body against mine.  I could feel his 
erection against my own now. 
	"Let's get you out of some of these clothes," Gregg
suggested after our passionate kissing came to an end. 
	Eagerly I unclipped the tie and started shrugging out
of the coat. 
	"No, let me," Gregg urged, stopping my hand.  I sat up,
and he slid his hands under the shoulders of the coat and expertly whisked
it off.  Then his hands worked away at the buttons until he could toss
away my shirt as well.  His warm firm hands slowly car essed my chest. 
He gently tweaked each nipple before his tongue flicked out to lap at
each.  I gasped quietly as his teeth nipped at my right nipple causing my
cock to jerk at the pleasant sensation. 
	"Feel good?" he asked. 
	I nodded. 
	"Take off my shirt now," Gregg ordered. 
	Cautiously I untucked the T-shirt from his pants and
drew it up over his broad chest etched everywhere with muscles.  He had a
light patch of brown hair between his well-defined pecs, and I could see a
faint trail of hair starting just a bove his navel and disappearing into
his pants. 
	I ran my hands over his firm chest, tracing the lines of
his pecs.  Then I leaned forward and imitated him as I lapped at his
nipples and then lightly bit them. 
	"Mmmm." 
	He pushed me down onto the bed and rolled over on
top.  Our bare chests pressed together as our lips met again for some deep
kisses.  Then he sat up and unbuttoned my pants.  He slowly slid these
down and caught my underwear.  He tugged these both down together to my
ankles.  I watched his eyes as he drank in my erection standing straight
up in my dark bush.  I loved the intensity of desire and appreciation
reflected within that brown gaze. 
	Sliding off my socks first, he then pulled off my
pants and underwear.  He made the return trip, sliding his hands over my
hairy legs and over my hips, avoiding my penis although his eyes gave it
pleasing caresses. 
	Gregg rolled over and pulled me on top of him. 
	"Take off my pants now." 
	My heart continued to race.  If he looked closely, I'm
sure Gregg could have seen it pounding against my flesh.  I couldn't wait
to see the cock on this guy.  And I would be able to touch it! 
	Unbuttoning the tight jeans proved to be quite a task, but with
Gregg's patient help I soon had them opened.  I slid them and his red
jockey shorts down slowly.  I wanted to see it now, but I also wanted to
prolong the delight and wonder of the moment.  Soon the head of his
circumcised cock peeked out from the red elastic band.  He had a pretty
thick dick which ended at about seven inches in a bed of dark curls with
large hairless balls. 
	We rolled around on the bed and kissed and stroked the
other's nude body, delighting in our mutual passion and admiration.  Our
cocks got a little wet from the precum that leaked from them both as they
rubbed against each other.  I felt like I could come just from this
exciting sex play, but I knew that Gregg wanted more, and I sure wanted to
give it to him! 
	"Fuck me now," I whispered. 
	Gregg smiled and kissed me again.  "Okay." 
	He got up from the bed and went into the bathroom. 
He returned with a jar of Vaseline. 
	"Have you ever done this before?" he asked as he got
back on the bed. 
	"No." 
	"You're a virgin," he stated. 
	I nodded. 
	"Okay, I'll start out easy then.  Trust me though,
you'll love it once we get into it." 
	He unscrewed the lid and spread my legs before
kneeling between them. 
	"Bend your knees, so I can reach it easier," he said. 
	After doing so, he stuck a finger in the jar and brought
it out with a healthy dose of the clear goop.  He pressed this finger
against my anus and gently massaged it in.  His mouth came down on my
eager cock, and he slowly licked and sucked along the length of my
erection as his finger continued to work around my anus.  Soon I felt him
slide it inside.  I relaxed the muscles down there a bit, and he slid it
in even farther. 
	"Good," he said, taking his mouth from my cock.  "How
does it feel?" 
	"Great," I answered.  And it did.  The combination of
his talented mouth and that slowly probing finger was driving me wild. 
	Dipping his finger in the jar once again, he
returned to shove his finger even farther up my anus.  Now there was a
little pain as he dug deep inside.  I whimpered softly in response, and
his mouth returned to my cock to ease away the pain.  Soon he was sliding two 
fingers home inside me, and it felt great. 
	"Are you ready for me now?" he asked. 
	I nodded. 
	Applying Vaseline to his dick made my cock twitch some more in
excitement.  I felt as if I could get off just watching him play with
himself.  His thick meat soon was all shined up, and he eased forward as
he aimed his cock for my hole.  I felt the head strike the outer rim,
and I pushed at him to meet his first thrust.  The head slid in easily,
but the pain started again as he continued pushing into me. 
	His hand found my dick.  It was still slippery from
the Vaseline, and it felt great on my cock as he slowly stroked me.  The
mixture of pain and pleasure confused and excited me, and before I knew
it, he had slid home.  He gazed down on me with a bright smile of pure 
delight.  Then he laid down flat against me gripped my shoulders with his 
hands as he started to slowly thrust in and out. 
	My legs flailed in the air as he drove his dick deep
within.  His hands gripped hard on my shoulders as he moved on top of me,
sliding his stomach back and forth against my slippery cock with each
thrust.  I reached down and gripped his buttocks, shoving him farther in
with each thrust.  Soon the stimulation was too much for me.  The
sensation of his dick deep within my bowels and his hard, flat stomach
against my erection drove me into a wild orgasm. 
	Semen spurt out shot after shot from my pulsing erection, coating our
chests.  As it came to an end, Gregg suddenly tensed and bore down hard on
his grip.  I could feel his dick spasm inside me, spraying my insides with
a healthy dose of sperm.  Then he collapsed in a breathless heap atop 
me.  I ran my hands along his smooth back as I reveled in the snug 
afterglow of our orgasms. 
	Soon he drew out and slurped up a mouthful of cum
from my chest before rolling over to lay beside me.  He took my hand in
his and smiled. 
	"That was even better than I thought it would be," he
whispered, kissing me. 
	"It was great," I agreed. 
	"Now we've just got to get our stories straight on what
prank I ended up pulling on you," Gregg said. 
	 We both laughed. 
