                       The Pros
     They were pros. Dan, Pete, and Mike had just completed a job
in South America. The private group they worked for had hired
them to put a drug lord in a compromising position. They did just
that. Canadian passports were provided with first class tickets
to Quebec. The Jeep was parked exactly as briefed with
instructions locked in trunk. It took six hours to drive to the
house. The last hour they traveled on a two lane dirt road. The
house was one mile north of the U. S. border. Actually, it was an
old Canadian Customs Station. The bar and kitchen were well
stocked. Dan found the transmitter and checked in with control.
They all changed into the khaki pants and shirts provided. With
all business complete, they settled in for the two to three weeks
wait for the new passports to be delivered. Drinks all around,
they toasted another successful mission.
     The first few days they drank and explored the area. The old
station was comfortable. Lots of room. It even had three holding
cells with manual locks on the outside of the doors. After five
days, boredom set in. Only one vehicle had passed and didn't even
slow down. They told war stories and fuck storied. Control had
provided some X-rated video but that just made them
hornier.
     Mike and Pete sat by the road late that Friday afternoon
when up the road came a late model T-Bird moved at good speed.
The driver must have seen the two men in khaki cloths and
mistaken them for border guards. The driver, a young lady, said
"I'm Canadian. My girlfriends are coming home with me for Spring
Break."
     Pete approached the car and asked, "You have anything to
declare, Lady."
     "No Sir, we don't." said the driver. "I've never seen the
post manned. Is something wrong, Sir?"
     Pete looked back at Mike and winked. "Well, drug smugglers
have been using this way into Canada. Would you open the trunk,
please."
     He could see the girls were very nervous. The driver opened
the door and walked to the trunk. Her hands were shaking as she
opened the trunk.
     Mike knew they had something going. "Please take your bags
out." he said.
     "We're really in a hurry. We're late and my folks will
worry. Can we please just go, Sir." She was really scared now.
     Pete jumped in, "I'm sorry but we have a job to do. Just
take the bags out and open them. Then you can be on your way."
The young lady didn't move so Pete took the three bags out of the
trunk.
     Mike approached the passenger door. "Out of the car,
ladies." The two passengers got out and walked over to the
driver. Pete opened the first bag and took his time looking thru
the contents. He even checked the bra size, 36C. Could have fit
any of the college girls.
     "Who's bag is this? he asked.
     "Mine" said the driver.
     Mike joined in. He opened the second bag as he asked,
"Who's bag is this?" The girls were silent. Mike was enjoying the
feel of the bra and panties. He opened a small zippered case in
the bag and there it was. Three small bags of grass and about
three grams of white powder.
     "Well...well. What have we hear. Inside ladies. Let's go.
NOW. Pete, move the car into the lot." As Mike walked the now
terrified girls into the building, Pete drove their car around
back out of sight of the road. He went in the back door into the
kitchen and found Dan just opening a beer.
     "Hey buddy. Guess what we got." He preceded to tell Dan
what was happening.
     Pete had the girls in the old inspection office. He was
sitting behind the desk trying to look important. The three young
ladies sat close together on a wooden bench against the far wall.
All of them had tears running down their beautiful faces.
     "Let me at my desk, Pete." said Dan.
     "Yes sir, Captain."
     "Okay, men. Somebody tell me what the hell is going on."
said Dan.
     Pete answered. "Well sir. We found three bags of marijuana
and one bag of a white powder the I believe to be cocaine."
     Dan looked at the drugs on the desk as he sat down behind
it. "Who's shit is this?" Silence.
     "Stand-up when I talk to you, God damit." The three college
girls jumped to their feet. "Get over here in front of my desk.
Take your identification out and put them on my desk then step
back. Is that clear?" Dan shouted at them.
     "Yes sir." they chorused. They each placed IDs on the desk
and stepped back.
     Dan picked up the Canadian passport first. "Lynn Rankin?"
     The driver answered, "Yes sir." Her passport listed her age
as twenty-one. She was 5'6" with dirty blonde hair worn in a
little pony tail. Her lovely body was packed into tight, designer
jeans and a baggy tee-shirt.
     He next read "Kim Johnson?" from the student ID. The dark
haired girl on the left nodded. Eighteen years old with dark,
short hair wearing a summer dress and sweater covering her large
tits.
     Dan looked right at the nineteen year old blonde in the
jeans mini-skirt and sweater. "Your Sandy Morgan. Ladies your all
in serious trouble. Got anything to say?" Before they could
answer, he continued. "I thought not. Put them in a holding
cell."
     "Could I call my mom?" asked Lynn.
     "You'll get you call, young lady. I'll tell you when.
Mike..Pete, put them in cell three."
     "Yes sir." And they led the girls away.
     After the girls were locked up, the three men met in the
living room. Pete cut six lines from the bag of cocaine and Dan
brought a six pack. Two lines and a beer for each, they talked
the situation over. More beer, more lines, some joints, and an
hour later, they had their plan. Two chairs and a coffee table
was moved into the office. The girls were left to stew for
another hour and then it was time.
     Kim was the shortest and youngest. She was first. Pete
brought her to the office and had her stand in front of the desk.
Dan was behind the desk and Mike in a chair. Pete sat in the
other chair.
     Dan looked hard into Kim's eyes. His voice was cold as he
said, "Young lady, your in deep shit. Your all going to jail for
this. You'll be in your thirties before you hit the streets
again."
     Tears rolled down her cheeks and she sobbed, "Please sir.
I don't know anything about that stuff. Really. Please let me go.
I..."
     Dan cut her off. "Bull shit. I got you all. This bust will
get me off the chicken shit assignment. You got anymore shit on
you? Dump your purse on the desk." Kim silently did as she was
told. Dan searched her stuff.
     After a minute of quite, Mike said "Look Captain. She
looks like a pretty straight kid. I'll bet the drugs belong to
one of the other girls. Let's give her a break." You could see
the hope in Kim's young eyes.
     Dan. "No way. Their all going down for this." She was
crushed.
     Pete. "Captain, I think Mike might be right. Maybe we
could make sure she not holding more drugs and like...maybe teach
her a lesson....like about the dangers of drugs." Kim's hope was
back. The old good guy/bad guy routine always worked.
     Dan looked at Kim a little softer. "Is your name Kim?"
     "Yes sir."
     Dan picked up the bag of coke. "Kim, have you ever done
cocaine?"
     "Well sir...once a boy I knew had...But I didn't do it.
Not ever. Oh please sir!"
     Dan opened the bag of coke and poured some on the table.
"Mike, go to the kitchen and get a strainer and a straw." Mike
walked from the room. "Kim, I'm going to teach you a lesson. I'm
going to put some coke on this desk and your going to do it.
You'll see how bad it feels. That will be your lesson. Do you
agree to that?"
     Kim look a bit confused but hopeful. "Oh, yes sir. I do
that. I..." She tried to look innocent but she had done her first
coke last week. And a little last night. "I'll do like you ask,
sir."
     Mike returned and Dan strained four large lines on the
desk. "Okay Kim. Take the straw and snort a line up each
nostril."
     "Sir? Captain? That a lot more than I saw that boy do. I
don't..."
     Dan cut her off. "I knew it! This is bull shit. I was
right to start with." He was shouting at the other guys. Kim
quickly picked up the straw and snorted two of the huge lines.
     "I did it, sir. Just like you said. I'll do it all just
like you said." And she did the other two lines. It took about
two minutes to hit her. "Ah..can I sit down? I'm a little..
well...Can I sit down?"
     Pete walked over and said, "Sure kid. Just sit up here on
the desk." He walked her to the desk and sat her down.
     "WOW! I feel that all over. Not like the last time. Can I
take off my sweater? It's hot in here. Must be the coke." Kim
took her sweater off. Her summer dress was cut low in the back
and in front, just showed the top of her very large tits.
     Pete lit a joint. "Ever smoke dope?"
     "Sure!" She took the joint and had a couple of hits. Dan
had more coke out for her, so she did that. And a bit more of the
joint. She was definitely high. And the guys were ready.
     Dan, Pete, and Mike all smiled. Dan spoke. "Kim. How do
you feel?"
     "Fine. I don't feel bad or anything like you said. This is
a good lesson. I like this lesson.
     "Kim?" said Mike.
     "Yea."
     "Remember the Captain said we could give you a break if
you weren't holding. Your not holding, are you?"
     "Oh no! All our...the stuff...I mean, I don't have any."
     "Yea, Kim. But the Captain's going to have to search you
before we can give you a break. Okay?"
     "I guess. Sure. Okay." Mike led her to the office wall,
placed her hands high on the wall.
     "Just keep your hands there. Now move your feet back." Kim
was a bit unsteady. "Move your feet apart. That's right Kim. Now
don't move. The boss is going to search you."
     Dan stepped up behind Kim. With both hands, he patted down
her arms and then her back. Standing between Kim's spread legs,
he reached his arms around her body and started at her neck with
his hands. Dan slowly moved his hands down until he reached the
top of her large tits. Dan squeezed and kneaded Kim's soft tits
thru her dress. Moving down to her waist. When he got to her
waist, he removed his hands from her young body. Kneeling behind,
face almost touching her ass, he started both his hands up Kim's
right leg from her ankle. Passed her knee and the soft flesh of
the inside of her thigh. Up to the edge of her panties and
beyond. Dan held Kim's firm ass cheeks in his hands. Then between
her legs. He could feel the heat of her young pussy. Dan gently
stroked her pussy thru the thin panties. Then down her left leg
and he was done...for now.
     "Can I turn around now?" asked Kim.
     "Sure, kid." said Mike. "Want a hit?" Kim took the joint
and smoked.
     "She clean, boss?" asked Pete.
     "Not sure. Could have sworn she had something hidden by
her tits or her pussy. You check her, Pete."
     Kim stood with the joint in her hand. "Hey! Wait a
minute. I told you I didn't have anything on me and I proved
it."
     "Look, Kim. I got to be sure. You've come this far. Be a
shame to go to jail just 'cause I'm not sure." said Dan.
     "Okay. But can I have a little line first?"
     Pete stepped up to Kim. "Sure you can, kid. Just as soon
as I check you out. Just stand there with your hands over your
head and spread your legs. Just got to check your tits and
pussy."
     Kim stood in the middle of the room, hands straight up,
legs apart. Pete went right to it. He took those covered tits,
one in each hand and played for a while. Then on his knees, he
reached under her dress and fondled Kim's asscheeks. His right
hand slipped between her spread legs, under her panties, and he
stroked one finger between Kim's wet pussy lips.
     "Hey! Don't do that. Get out of my pussy."
     "Don't move, Kim. Move and you go to jail." warned Dan.
     "Okay. But he's not searching me. He's finger fucking me."
     All three men cracked up laughing. Pete pulled his
fingers from her pussy and licked the juice off. Kim even laughed
a bit. Pete gave her the lines of coke as promised. Kim snorted
it right up. She was really high but she knew what was going on.
She just didn't care.
     "So now what? Do you get to feel my tits and finger my
pussy too? Just to be sure. What's your name?" said Kim. She had
a sly bit of a smile.
     Mike. "I'm Mike. That's Pete and the boss is Dan."
     "Okay. Mike..Pete..Dan. Like to know who's playing with my
pussy. Ready Mike?" Kim raised her hands over her head and spread
her legs.
     "Sorry, Kim. But, Dan and Pete are sure your hiding
something in your bra. I gotta check. Just take out your tits for
me."
     "I know. I know. I'll go to jail." Kim reached behind and
unzipped the dress. That sly smile crept back to her face. As she
slipped her arms from the sleeves she said, "Maybe I should do
this to music." Her dress dropped to her waist. Kim's large,
erect breasts were covered only by her thin, flesh colored bra.
     "I'll do that." said Mike.
     "Okay."
     Mike's fingers found the clasp in front, between her tits.
He opened the clasp and freed those beauties. They were large, at
least a C cup. Big for a girl her size. Just the beginnings of
droop but still very erect. Her nipples were dark and as Mike
rolled them between forefinger and thumb, they grew in length. A
soft sigh escaped her lips.
     "Ready for some cola?" asked Dan.
     "Sure. Okay." said Kim. Her dress hung down so she was bare
to the waist. Her large, young tits exposed to the three men.
"Can I ask a question?"
     "Go ahead," said Dan.
     "You guys are all going to fuck me, aren't you?"
     "Yes, we are."
     "If I do that you won't hurt me, will you? You'll let me
go.?"
     "No," said Dan. "We'll enjoy your body and let you go
later."
     "I've had sex before...only with a couple of guys but not
at the same time. I'll do what you want if you promise to let me
go. Please!"
     "No pain, kid. You'll have fun. We'll have fun. Then you
can go."
     "Can I just have a joint instead of more coke? And some
water or a soda." Mike handed her a lit joint as Pete got her
water. She stood before them and smoked. Drank some water. "What
should I do?"
     "Show us your body." ordered Dan. Kim wiggled her shapely
ass and the dress dropped to the floor. She picked it up and
tossed on the desk. Then slipped off her panties.
     "Walk around a little," instructed Mike. Kim walked around
the men, her breast bouncing...ass shaking.
     "Sit on the desk and show us your pussy." Kim sat on the
edge of the desk and spread her legs.
     "Like this?"
     "Lean back so we can get a better view." Kim leaned back,
brought her right hand to her pussy and opened the lips. "Now
play with you pussy for us." Kim closed her eyes and stroked her
pussy with her fingers. She rubbed around her clit for a while
then slid a finger inside.
     Dan approach her and fingered her slit. Kim moved her hand
away as Dan wet his fingers on her wet hole. His finger explored
her pussy channel, her wet lips, and her pink clip. He dropped to
his knees and licked the soft flesh between her pussy and asshole
as he continued to rub her clit and fuck her with his finger.
     "Like that? he asked her.
     "Yea, feels really nice," said Kim. She lay back on the desk
as Dan licked and stroked her.
     Pete walked around the desk and removed his pants. "Open
your eyes," he said. Kim looked at his erect cock right over her
face.
     "Do you want me to suck it?" she asked.
     "Yes." Kim reached for Pete's dick and drew it to her lips.
She licked the underside of the shaft from balls to head then
opened her lips and nibbled on the head. Dan continued to eat her
pussy. Finally she opened and took his erection in her mouth, her
fingers holding his ball. "You like to suck cock?" Kim didn't
answer but allowed him to stroke all the way in and out as she
sucked.
     She pulled the cock from her mouth and asked, "Do you like
how I suck you?"
     "Your very good. Do you enjoy giving head?" he asked.
     "Yea, I do. It's fun." And she took his back in her mouth.
Dan expertly stimulated her pussy with his mouth and fingers as
her hips moved to ride his mouth. She was very close to orgasm
and Pete fucked her mouth in earnest. He held her head with his
hands and drove deep into her throat. Kim gagged but continued to
suck as he came in her mouth. She sucked until Pete's last spasm
of orgasm then he slipped it from her mouth. "Oh God, Dan. Your
making me come." She grabbed Dan's head with both her hands as
her ate her to climax.
     After she came, Dan got up. "Oh God!" she said again. "That
was good. I really like this. Isn't someone gonna fuck me?"
     "Get on your hands and knees on the floor. I'll fuck you as
you suck Mike." Kim moved to the floor, her large tits hanging
down, her ass pushed up, and her legs spread providing easy
access to her hot pussy. Mike knelt before her as Dan knelt
between her legs. As she drew Mike into her mouth, Dan placed his
cock in her pussy and pushed deep inside. They were hot. She was
hot. And they fucked her, pussy and mouth, until all three came.
When Dan and Pete withdrew, Kim lay her body on the floor with
her ass still pushed up.
     After a bit, she got up and sat on the couch. "That was
wild," she said. "I've never come like that before."
     "Your a great fuck," said Dan.
     "And you give great head," added Mike. Pete agreed.
     "Are you gonna do my friends?" she asked.
     "Yes we are," answered Dan. "Wanta help?"
     "Yea, I do now. What should I do?"
     "You pick who's next."
     "Take Sandy. She talks about sex all the time."
     "Okay Kim," said Dan. "Get dressed and we'll put you two
alone in a cell alone together. Does she smoke dope?"
     "Does she! She got all this shit."
     "Good. Take some with you and get her high. Convince her if
she does good, we'll let her go."
     "Well you really let us go?"
     "Yes, Kim. We will."
     "Let's do it guys. She's gone love this." They all dressed
and Kim was taken to be alone with Sandy."

End Part 1

