Archive-name: Amazon/prox.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Prosecutrix, The


                         THE PROSECUTRIX
                           (Part Two)
                      "The Objects of Lust"
                      Donna Does It Her Way
                 Pricilla Gives Him A Mouth Full

                               I.

     "Counselor!  Sit Down!"  The judge barked her order.  She
was no longer irritated, she was furious!
     Prisicilla Turnbelt, the young beautiful prosecuting
attorney, returned to her seat.  The judge was right.  Judge
Lillian Cartwright usually was.  "I'm sorry your honor."
     Prisicalla couldn't get her mind off that asshole of a new
administrative assistant District Attorney.  John Mark Denenbaum: 
What a shit!  Why in the world was he refusing to prosecute.
     "Counselor, step forward please."  The judge seemed
concerned.  "Come here to the side bar, please."
     The defense attorney walked to the side bar as well.  It
would be inappropiate for the prosecutor to talk to the judge
without the other side.
     Ignoring the presence of the defense attorney, the judge
asked, "Pricilla.  What is bothering you!"
     Noticing the defense attorney and a bit hesitant to respond,
Deputy D.A. Turnbelt replied: "I'm sorry your honor.  Ah, I've
just been working on a case, a woman, a 42 year old divorcee is
being 'stalked' by her ex and the new ADA refuses to prosecute."
     "She's being stalked?  Isn't that the new law they just
passed because of those Hollywood types?"  The defense attorney,
Clark Smith, had to get his two bits in, and continued with,
"Yeah stalking.  A guy with a continual hard goes hunting for
babes.  So, was this divorcee wearing 'fishnet stalkings.'
Stalking, stockings, get it."  Smith was roaring with laughter.
     "Shut up, asshole.  Or I'll beat the shit out of you.  And
you KNOW I can."  Pricilla was not in the mood to quarrel with
the little shit.  Though she did feel a surge of passion as she
remembered her recent wrestling match with Smith.  Lillian had
arranged it.  The Judge and the women of their exclusive but
growing club of womanists, watched as Pricilla absolutely
destroyed Smith.  Pricilla flashed on how she made Smith grovel
at her feet and then started to flush when she remembered how she
had claimed her victory: forced herself onto the wimp's face and
used his nose to bring her to a raging climax.
     Turning back to the the judge: "Anyway, I think it stinks. 
This woman is truly in danger and scared too death.  Her demented
husband was found outside her house and in the trunk of his car
he had a loaded gun, a clever, a ski mask and gloves, two eight
foot lengths of rope - just right to tie her to a chair, several
six inch wide pieces of surgical tape - perfect to tape over
someone's mouth, and a razor blade with shaving cream. Exactly
what he planned to do with that, I'm not sure and I really don't
even want to think about it."
     "He probably planned to shave off her pubic hair."  Defense
attorney Smith was unable to keep his mouth shut.
     "Thats it wimp. Back to your chair."  DDA Turnbelt's command
was exact. Her waist length hair spun through the air as she
turned her shapely body towards the defense counsel table and
pointed in the direction she wanted Smith to go.  Smith did not
argue.              
     Alone at the side bar, Judge Cartwright smiled and
whispered, "Thank you counselor. I know all about that new Mr.
Denenbaum." Then with a gleam in her eyes, the judge asked, "Can
you be at the gym in fifteen minutes?"
     "Sure," replied Pricilla.  "But I thought we were going to
sneak into the Sheriff's activities center and watch Donna go at
it with that Captain Robbins."  
     "Well, Deputy Deborah can take care of herself.  We'll be
able to see it all on video later; she arranged for a secret
taping." Turning back to the subject at hand, the judge again
asked, "Well... are you up for it?"
     Pricilla smiled, nodded and felt her face begin to flush
with excitement.  "But how are you going to get him there, and so
soon?"
     "Don't worry.  I still know how to get my way around here,
you now."  Then turning to defense counsel Smith, now meekly
seated back at his table, "Counselor, something urgent has come
up.  This hearing is continued until ... June 12th.  Thank you,
court dismissed."  

                               II.

     "Umph." Captain Robbins let out a low growl then slumped to
his knees.  Deputy Sheriff Donna Deborah, her shoulder blonde
hair dripping with sweat, smiled as she circled her foe.  Deputy
Deborah had just dropped her commanding officer to his knees with
a stunning round house blow from her long muscular leg.  Donna
had felt the ligaments in her toes strain to the maximum as they
pounded into Capt. Robbins midsection 
     "You bitch," cried Captain Robbins.  He had challenged
Deputy Deborah planning to stiffle her continual demands for
transfer out of the court system and into the vice squad.  She
was doing just fine as baliff for that lesbo - judge Lillian
Cartwright.  Besides, Robbins only wanted men on his vice squad. 
He hated the idea of women under his command.  They were fine at
taking notes and filing court documents but they shouldn't be
allowed out in the field.  Thats a man's world.
     Donna circled her foe, contemplating her next move. She knew
she had to continually distract Robbins if she wanted to beat
him.  Though John Robbins was the department fight instructor and
was in excellent shape, he was still a macho pig.  And Donna knew
that all macho pigs, in fact all men, see women only as objects
of their own selfish sexual lust.  Donna wasn't sure exactly what
sexual fantasies went through Robbins mind when he looked at her
amazonian body but she was certain he viewed her as an object,
not as a person.  Now to use that to her advantage.
     "Come on 'big man' not fraid of 'this little girl' are you?"
Donna glared down into Robbins eyes.  Dressed in silk black gym
trunks, cut high up the thigh, Donna Deborah felt a surge as her
six foot three inch frame towered over Robbins' kneeling body. 
Donna saw John Robbins eyes open wide, staring at her massive
breasts which were barely covered by a white cotton muscle shirt.
Deliberately, Donna took a long, hard breath.  She made her chest
expand to expose her proud, rock hard nipples.  When she saw that
Robbins' was fixated on her body, Donna Deborah jumped back to
the balls of her bare feet, swung her right leg forward, hurled
her body around and delivered another crushing roundhouse kick,
this time landing directly on the side of the Captains' head. 



                              III. 

     "And that's how it works."  The judge has just given
Pricilla Turnbelt and her opponent, Mark Denenbaum, the rules. 
There were none.  Winner of the fight takes all. If Denenbaum
wins Pricilla would never again question his authority.  But if
he lost, the administrative deputy would never stand in the way
of whatever Pricilla said, recommended and did.  That includes
going forth with the "Stalking" prosecution.
     Denenbaum had agreed.  The new administrative assistant had
been told by the District Attorney himself that there was some
talk about Judge Lillian Cartwright and her band of lesbian right
wingers.  The guys in the men's room at the courthouse called
them "Separationist."  She-wolves who beleived men should be
separated from their genitals at birth!  Lillian Cartwright knew
all about these rumors so she was direct with Denenbaum.  "Come
and prove yourself, right now!  Only Pricilla and I would be
their." What she didn't tell Denenbaum was there would also be a
secret video camera; the women captured all their club matches
against men on video.
     Denenbaum stood ready, dressed in tight red European style
bikini briefs.  Pricilla had to admit that this dark skinned,
hairy chest man of 31 years was good to look at, all 5'9" and
145lbs of him.  What she didn't know was Mark Denenbaum was also
a damn good athelete.  In high school he was a track star and the
number two pitcher on the baseball team.  He also has an an angry
side, directed primarily at women who he really considered were
second class citizens; sexual objects who do his dishes, cook his
meals, keep him company, and open up their legs whenever he was
in the mood, which was almost always.  
     Standing across from him he saw Pricilla Turnbelt, that
luscious little lipstick lesbian.  It was common lockerroom talk
that Judge Lillian Cartwright had this  5'6" 120lb blonde
bombshell assigned to Department 5, her department, because the
judge was in lust over Pricilla's 34 year old athletic body.  
     Denenbaum was eager to get started. He hadn't told anyone he
was coming, he thought he'd suprise them all and bring back
something of Turnbelts' - like her red bikini top or better yet,
that revealing tong style bottom.  A fine trophy to hang over the
men's urinal the next day. 
     "Okay cunt! Lets get it on," Denenbaum issued the challenge. 


                               IV.

     "That's it, cunt!" Captain John Robbins was red with rage. 
Jumping to his feet he lunged at Donna Deborah.  Deborah moved to
her left, but not in time.  Robbins caught her in the cheek with
his elbow.  Donna's head shot back.  Robbins wasted no time using
his other arm to deliver a solid fisted blow to the Deputy's
midsection.  Donna buckled as the blow hit her squarely in the
solar plexus.  Fortunately she was in excellent condition,
working out was a religious experience for her, so her taunt
midsection muscles were able to temper much of Robbins'
potentially fatal blow.
     Robbins, falsely sensing victory, jumped to the balls of his
feet and swung his body to the left; he would finish her with a
round house kick of his own.  Instinctively Donna knew what was
coming. Even before Robbins started to swing, Donna lifted her
left arm.  Her hand caught the Captain's leg.  Jumping to her
feet Donna grabbed Robbins leg with both hands.  Turning to her
left, Donna jerked the Captain off his feet, forcing him down
onto onto the mat. Continuing with the motion, Donna dropped her
body fully on the back of Robbins thighs.  Holding onto his
ankle, Donna forced Robbins right leg back and into her body. 
The leg was twisted in such a way Robbins had to let out a
howling yell. 
     "Ahh fuck! God damnit. Let go of me you witch."  Donna
Deborah scoffed at Robbins' plea.  Laughingly, she grabbed
tighter and pulled harder.  Yanking as hard as she possibly could
she pulled back and to the side.  She was sure she heard
something snap.


                                V

     Pricilla Turnbelt was shocked by the blow.  She had under
estimated Mark Denenabum. Never before had someone hit her so
hard.  The pain shot from her neck through her left arm and into
the fingers. "Fucker" she thought.  
     Denenbaum smiled.  He knew he had delivered an effective
blow. Those two free kenpo karate lessons had finally paid off. 
"Bitch" he thought.  "This bitch is going to be mine."  Denebaum
lost no time.  He grabbed a stunned Pricilla Turnbelt by her neck
and snapped.  He threw her forward and down.  Pricilla flipped
through the air and landed hard on her back.  Denenbaum jumped up
and then came crashing down, leading with his elbow. "Umphff." 
The beautiful deputy district attorney cried out as Denenbaum's
elbow smashed into her breasts.  Denenbaum quickly stood up,
reached down and grabbed PT by the hair.  With all his might he
pulled the bitch to her feet.  He reached back with his free hand
and delivered a powerful punch to her mid section.  Turnbelt
doubled over in pain and then sank to her feet. Denenbaum smiled
wide as he again pulled Pricilla to her feet. 
     He decided it was time to claim his "trophy."  With
unexpected quickness, Denenbaum reached forward and ripped off
Pricilla's bikini top, revealing two magnificiently shaped
breasts.  
     Denenbaum's smile turned into a fixed stare. He let out an
audible gasp at the sight of Pricilla Turnbelts ravishing beauty. 
Her perfectly formed breasts with nipples standing hard in
defiance.  Mark Denenbaum stopped fighting, his mind flooded in
lust.  He could think only of his urge to grab those beautiful
mounds of flesh with those large, beautiful, and somehow
menancing nipples.  Almost hyptonized, Demenbaum grabbed
Pricilla's waist and pulled her close.  Turnbelt, a bit dazed by
Denenbaum's flurry of punches and flips, did not resist.  She
willing let him draw her into him.  Both to capture back her
breath and to use this male's selfish lust against him.
     Pricilla was in her element.  She knew she had a beautiful
body, by any and all standards.  She knew that men went wildly
lustful when she was in their presence.  However, she also knew
that she felt virtually no sexual feelings for men.  It was those
physically beautiful women, like herself, that were the ones that
made her weak in the knees.  In that respect she was, according
to the talk shows, a "lipstick lesbian."  Regardless, Pricilla
knew that with men, she could use her sexuality to their
detriment.
     When administrative assitant distric attorney Mark Denenbaum
was fully in her embrace, Pricilla Turnbelt grabbed a crop of the
man's hair.  Without a word she snapped Denenbaum's head into her
left breast.  "Suck it!"  He was mesmerized by the touch of her
skin and the cool hard nipple now forced between them.  He
sucked.  He lost all sense of time and space and sucked.
     Pricilla smiled then glared as she grabbed Denebaum's head
away from her breast.  Pulling his hair to control his head, she
shoved his face into her elbow joint.  With a tug, a yank and a
muscled grip, she turned his trapped head into her right breast. 
Again she ordered:  "Come on big boy, Suck 'em.  Give this one a
big suck for 'mama'."  

                               VI

     "Come on you fucking cunt!" Captain John Robbins was now
back on his feet.  His weight resting entirely on his left leg;
the right was numb and possibly broken.  "I'm done playing Mr.
Niceguy." Robbins was red with rage.  "Now I'm going to prove to
you why I'm the boss around here."  With that Captain John
Robbins, the department fight instructor, forgot about his leg
and charged Deputy Sheriff Donna Deborah.  Lunging towards her,
Robbins felt his loins stir. He lustfully wondered what it would
be like to have Donna Deborah naked and tied spread eagle to the
floor, her pussy shaved totally clean.  He thought about ramming
his 6" tool up her box, hearing her moans of delight and when he
was ready to come, pulling out and shoving his rod deep down into
her throat.  He loved to hear them gag just as he explodes deep
into their mouths.
     Robbins didn't notice, but when he was within inches of
Donna, she calmly but swiftly stepped to the left, brought her
knee up, and rammed it into Robbin's stomach.  Donna Deborah saw
the captain's eyes instantly change from lust to anguish.
     "Auuuggghhh" came Robbins scream.   His momentum causing him
to stumble forward and then crash down hard onto his face.
     Donna just stood and smiled.  She watched as Robbins
struggled to bring himself back onto his hands and knees.  She
laughed when she saw him before her on his all fours, just like a
dog.  When Robbins finally got to his feet, Donna moved in to
finish him off.  Using what she had learned the other day, Donna
delivered a snap punch to Robbins' mid section, a vicious upper
cut to his chin, a resounding left hook to the side of his head
and a final powerful no nonsense right punch square to his nose. 
Robbins never had a chance to defend himself.  He went down with
a thud!  Donna felt warm inside.  
     Reflecting on the martial arts/boxing lessions she and
Pricilla had been given by Lon Luc Ton, Donna silently uttered:
"Finally, a man had taught me something I could actually use."


                               VII

     "Cunt?" Pricilla whispered in Denenbaum's ear. The
administrative assistant was still in a trance as he continued to
play homage to Pricilla's lovely breasts.  "Is that what you
called me?"  The question was mockingly rhetorical.  "Okay honey
boy, I'll show you a cunt!"  Pricilla's voice was soft but
certain.  This fucking asshole will see her cunt alright, upclose
and personal like. But first she needed to repay him for the pain
she was feeling in her neck.  
     In an instant that shocked Denenbaum's mood of euphoria,
Pricilla slammed her left fist into Denenbaums mid section and
shouted, "Fucker!"  Denenbaum doubled over, involuntarily
releasing his mouth from Pricilla's breast and yelled out in
pain. "Aaahh, shit."
     Without missing a beat, Pricilla brought her right leg up
and into Denenbaum's chin.  When he was standing straight up
again, Pricilla grabbed Denenbaum's head with her right arm,
turned and flipped this new administrative assistant hard onto
his back.  Her wrestling technique was nearly flawless now. 
Immediately she grabbed his hair and pulled him to his feet.  She
punched him again into the midsection.  Denenbaum again doubled
over, exposing the backside of his neck.  Pricilla saw the
opening and took it.  With her right hand fisted in a half cup,
Pricilla propelled her right arm down and into the left side of
Denembaum's neck.  Mark dropped to his left knee.  A split second
later, Pricilla raised her left arm and smashed towards
Denenbaum's right shoulder where her fisted hand cracked down
hard onto the nap of the man's neck.  Denenbaum's right knee gave
way and he slumped to ground, broken and helpless at Pricilla's
feet.


                              VIII

     Donna walked over to her victim's prone body.  Looking down
at her bloodied Captain, the Deputy Sheriff's eyes revealed a
sinister glare.  Captain John Robbins was all hers now! and she
relished in the thought of turning this overgrown meathead into a
trembling piece of meatloaf.  Confident in her victory, Donna had
taken the time to flex the muscles in her calves with each step. 
She was preparing her limbs to squeeze the very life out of her
"boss."  
     When she was directly over him, deputy Donna Deborah raised
her leg and placed her left foot on her Captain's head.  Slowly
forcing him into the mat she could feel the flesh from the sole
of her foot push through the nape of his neck.  
     A moment later she used that same foot to turned Robbins
over onto his back.  The Captain offered no resistance.  He was
beaten. 
     Standing over him, legs positioned on either side of her
defeated foe, Donna jumped up, knees bent slightly and then
dropped swiftly onto his chest.   "Uummpphhhffflll"  The sound
was almost sickening.
     Donna really didn't want to crack any ribs, but it wouldn't
have bothered her if she did.  She wanted it very clear that she
deserved the transfer and there would be no fucking with her when
she took her position on vice.
     After delivering this punishing blow, Donna let out a grunt
and snarled a victorious "You Lose! Meatloaf."  With that, Deputy
Sheriff Donna Deborah took her victory by leaning forward onto
Robbins' outstretched stomach, her head facing his legs, her legs
resting over his weakened face.  The victorious amazon spread her
legs, turned, and grabbed Robbins' head, placing it between her
thighs.  Jocking his head a bit, the Deputy positioned her
"boss's" limp skull exactly where she wanted.  Her muscled thighs
clamped tightly around his head and neck in a type of reverse
headscissor.  Donna knew that the minute she applied pressure,
the veins in her beaten foe's head would come bulging through his
scalp.    
     As Donna Deborah applied more and more pressure to the
Captain's head, her mind drifted to Penny.  Beautiful Penney. 
Her roommate and lover for over four years.  Donna thought of
Penney's strong, gorgeous legs: a product of five years as a
ranking amateur beach volleyball champion.  It requires
unbelievable leg strength to compete in that game and Donna could
only imagine what damage those solid steel legs could do to this
macho pig.
     While Donna dreamed about pitting Penny against some
arragant man in a club match, she failed to realize that Captain
Robbins had gone unconcious.  Robbins was absolutely out cold. 
Hopefully he wasn't dead!  Donna placed her ear to Robbins'
heart.  She sighed a bit of relief as she heard his heart beat. 
It was slow, but definitely beating.
     Donna pulled herself up and had to laugh when she saw her
fight instructor spread eagled on the mat. "I may get hurt?"
remembering her Captain's words to her earlier that day.  "Your
right, I did break a finger nail."  Mockingly she looked and
admired the nail that she had in fact broken.  She chuckled when
she saw the four inch scar Robbins will have, once he wakes up
and cleans off the blood. 
     Donna walked over to the side of the mat and removed an
eight foot length of rope from her gym bag. Returning to her
thoroughly beaten and still unconcious foe, Donna tied John
Robbins' hands behind his back and then wrapped the remaining
length of rope around his legs.  He was hogtied and helpless and
would not be able to release himself without the help of another. 
     Donna thought about tying the rope around John's cock and
then around his neck, but she really didn't want to humilate him
in front of his staff.  He was still the boss. But then again,
she wanted him to always remember that it was she who had
defeated him like he had never been defeated before.
     With that in mind, Donna removed her loosing fitting black
gym trunks and then her orange colored jocky under panties.  She
was suprised to find that they were a bit moist.  Guess the
combat was more exciting than she thought.
     Donna reached down into Robbins pants and grabbed his cock. 
It was dead limp.  Using both hands, Donna tied her briefs around
his balls.  When done, she raised his pants back to his waist. 
This way, when the next shift found Robbins hog tied, only he and
Donna would know that his manhood had been taken away as well. 
Donna liked that!

                               IX

     Looking down at the thoroughly beaten and sobbing Denenbaum,
Pricilla had to laugh.  "Denenbaum - You are about to meet your
end.  I've dominated your body, now I'm going to humilate your
soul!"
     Towering over him, hands victoriously riding on hips,
Pricilla glared down and then with a smile said, "Now lets see,
you didn't want to prosecute the stalker because, what was it you
said, oh yes, because those items found in his car didn't prove
anything."  Smiling towards the judge, Pricilla continued,
"Lillian what do we have in that little black bag of yours?"
     Unable to hid her amusement, judge Cartwright reached into
the bag and removed an eight foot length of rope.  Pricilla had
already dragged Denenbaum over near the weight machines so taking
the rope from Lillian, the victorious beauty tied Denenbaum
spread eagled to the stair master.
     The judge reached in the bag and grabbed a six inch wide
pieces of tape.  Handing it to Pricilla, Lillian issued a psuedo
judicial order, "Ms. prosecutor, why don't you take your rightful
place at, or should I say, on the head of our guest and please
demonstrate for Mr. Denenbaum exactly what the stalker had in
mind."
     In compliance, Pricilla first removed her tong bikini bottom
and briefly modeled her firm muscled buttocks and neatly shaven
pussy for Lillian and her captured opponent.  Then, Pricilla
walked over to Denenbaum and slowly lowered herself onto his
face.  She went slow, making sure that Denenbaum took a good look
at her cunt. It was an incredible turn on for her to sit on the
face of the one she had just beaten, especially when that someone
is a man.
     With the piece of tap hanging in one hand, Pricilla grabbed
Denenbaum's wrists together and wrapped the tape around capturing
Denenbaum's upper half.  With Denenbaum completely in tow,
Pricilla repositioned herself so her body was now facing
Denenbaum's feet with her beautiful backside hole completely
covering Denenbaum's nose.  Thoroughly amused, the judge reached
into the bag and presented Pricilla with a shinning single edge
razor.  With that, Pricilla cut Mark Denebaum's bikini briefs
from his midsection.  
     The briefs would go into the club's collection of mens jocks
and jockyshorts.  The women hang them hang next to their lockers,
like notches on a bed post.  This one would go on Pricilla's,
along with the boxer shorts she took from at defense attorney
Clark Smith.
     At the sight of sight of Denenbaum's extra long and extra
wide cock, Lillian let out a gasp, "Oohh, looks like you snared a
big one, Pricilla."  Pricilla just smiled and then turned around,
repositioning herself on Denenbaum's chest, pinning his arms to
the mat with her knees. Pricilla then raised slightly, putting
her exposed pussy no more than four inches directly from
Denenbaums face.  Pricilla decided she would humilate this guy by
giving him a real mouthfull.  She was glad she drank those eight
glasses of water today.  
     When it came, Denenbaum coughed and tried to raise his hands
to protect his face from Pricilla's flush.  He couldn't. 
Pricilla's full weight had trapped his outstretched arms. 
Besides, his hands were still bound together with the tape.
     The judge gasped at what she had just seen.  Startled and
somewhat horrified, but otherwised thrilled, she let out a
girlish yelp,  "My god Pricilla.  You've become quite a suprise." 
Lillian felt a little weak in her knees.  The Prosecutrix's power
was more than she first imagined.  "This woman definitely has
unlimited potential" the judge thought. "Wonderfull Pricilla, now
why don't you go get dressed.  We're to meet Donna in ten minutes
at my place.  I'll take care of our Mr. Denenbaum.
     Pricilla smiled, used the hair on Denenbaum's chest to wipe
herself and without a word retreated to the locker room; all the
while twirling Denenbaum's jocky briefs in her hand.
     When she was sure Pricilla could not see her, Lillian
Cartwright picked up the shining straight edge razor.   A wicked
smile crossed her face as she looked down at Denenbaum's hairy
genitals.  The look from Denebaum was Horror!


                                X

     The victorious Donna Deborah was halfway out of the
Sheriff's activity room when something caused her to stop. 
Thoughtfully she turned towards the beaten and still unconcious
Captain John Robbins.  Donna walked back to Robbins and lowered
herself to within several inches of Robbins' mouth.  She's not
sure why, but something told her to grab Robbins head and pull it
up to her pussy.  When his mouth was but an inch away, Donna
moved her lose fiting gym trunk to the side and jammed Robbins'
outstretched mouth directly into her cunt.  Holding Robbins' head
tightly against her, Donna lurched and then peed into her
Captain's mouth.  Funny, but she actually seemed to enjoy it when
she heard him gag.

                         end - part two
--
