			THE PRISON FARM


Samantha Boline stood at the back of the crowded court room.

She smiled as the judge sentenced Marge Beckton, and her husband, 
Mayor Phillip Beckton.  Convicted of multiple counts
of public funds misuse, savings and loan mismanagement, and
bribery, the $300,000.00 fine would be hard, even for them.

But the 18 months at the minimum security County Work Farm,
that was something else.  Samantha remembered the scene of
almost 11 years ago when she worked as a clerk in the giant
retail store that helped support the town.  Marge Beckton had
complained about her poor service so vehemently to her
supervisor, that she got her fired.

There was a lot of people in the town that disliked Marge Beckton
and her holier than thou,  haughty manner.  But now, now she
would pay.  Samantha had worked hard the past 11 years, and
was now captain of the guard at the work farm!  She would be
waiting.
----------------------------------------------------------------


Samantha reviewed the case file of Marge and another three
new female prisoners that would be arriving that afternoon.


She stamped them all "MAX", meaning that each one would be
accompanied by a male and female guard.  It was reserved for
the more violent offenders.

From her private office, she looked through the one way glass
into the Processing Room.  On a white line, stood the four
women......the new "fish".    Marge had on an elegant two
piece suit.  Perfectly tailored to her 45 year old frame.  Marge
thought of herself as another Jane Fonda, and kept her self in
remarkably good shape.

She eyed the rest.  A cute young blonde shop lifter.   A dark
complected thin 24 year old, in for selling grass.    And another
woman, short and stout, about 40, and part of an auto theft ring.

The four female and four male guards stood at the back and
sides of the room.

Samantha entered the room.

	"Good afternoon, ladies," she addressed them in her
	well worn welcoming speech.

	Your life here can be easy or hard.  It's up to you.
	Keep your nose clean, do your work, no back talk,
	and you earn good time......that's early release.

	If you don't, there's bad time.  We use a demerit
	system coupled with corporal punishment.

As she spoke, she walked up and down the line, stopping at
each prisoner and eyeing them up and down.  She stood just
inches from Marge, looking directly into her eyes and smiling.

Samantha stood in front of the group.

	"Marge Beckton, Number 45631, step forward
	 and stand in the white circle,"  she directed.

Marge took the four steps forward and stood in the center of
the four foot circle.

	"Take off all your clothes." Samantha smiled.

Normally, she would not have the male guards present and have
all the women disrobe at once, then go in for their physicals,
and get the processing procedures over as quickly as possible.

But not this time.  She wanted Marge to squirm.  To embarrass
and humiliate her the way she did to her those many years ago.

	"OH! Please, Sam, not.....not in front of......" Marge
	started to beg, but was interrupted by a hard swat
	from a female guards night stick across her bottom!

	"AAEEIII!" Marge screamed and turned around.

	"You will address Miss Boline as Captain!
	  Understand, No. 45631!!"  the guard shouted.  
	  Now do as your told!  That will cost you five demerits!"


Marge bit her lower lip as she looked at Sam, and the guards.
The males were starting to chuckle.  Sam backed up, and with
a little jump, sat on her desk. Her legs swung back and forth
as she smiled at Marge.

Marge removed her jacket and handed it to the female guard
standing just to her right.  Then stepped out of her shoes and
unzipped her skirt.  She removed it and her slip and struggled
with her panty hose.  She could here more chuckles.

As she stood in her bra and panties, she looked at Sam, hoping
for some type of last minute reprieve.  There was none.

	"Now come on Margie, don't be shy," Sam chided
	  her.  We are just all dying to see those big tits and
	  ass of yours," she smiled.

With considerable embarrassment, Marge reached behind her
and unclasped her bra.  Her size 38D's wiggled free.  She placed
an arm over them and looked at Sam again.

	"Hurry up now.  Pull your little panties down." Sam
	  almost sang the words.


Marge could feel her cheeks throbbing with blush.  Her temples
pounded and her stomach churned.  She looked at the smiling men.

She put her fingers into the waist band of her panties and pulled
them down!  She stumbled a little, and her tits jiggled and she
bent to step out of her panties.  There were more chuckles.

She stood up and placed an arm over her breasts and one over
her crotch.

	"You stand at attention when you are in my, or any
	 other trustee's presence!" Sam shouted, and smiled
	 as Marge lowered her hands to her sides.

	"Well, I guess with all that money, you sure know how
	   to eat!" Sam mused, as the guards laughed in reference
	  to the little paunch of Marge's lower belly.

	"We'll work that off you, won't we boys?" she smiled
	  again as she glanced at the guards.


Marge closed her eyes and breathed hard.

	"Turn around," Sam directed.

With all the courage she could muster, Marge turned around.
Now she was facing the other prisoners and most of the guards.
She could feel their eyes on her breasts and burrowing through
the thick triangle of  her pubic hair.

	"We'll work a couple of pounds off that big ass of yours
	  too!" Sam spoke.  Marge's ass was really quite a nice
	  one, Sam thought to herself.

Marge was mortified standing naked and having words spoken
out loud about her body.

	"This is what we use for discipline." Sam spoke, as
	  she jumped down from her desk, and again walked
	 up and down the line, with a long wooden paddle in
	 her hand.  "This is what you can expect if you step
	 out of line."

	"Turn around, Margie, bend over and grab your ankles,"
	Sam turned and addressed the woman, tapping the
	paddle on the palm of her own hand.

Marge looked at her with pleading eyes, then turned and assumed
the lewd position.  She had to spread her legs in order to grab 
her ankles, and knew her privates were well exposed from behind.

	"This is just an example," Sam again directed the group.
	"Now, Margie, you are going to get five swats.   I want
	  you to count aloud so we all can hear.  If you release
	  the hold on your ankles, we will start over. Is that clear,
	  Dearie?" Sam asked while tapping the paddle on the bare
	 bottom.   "HMMMMM?" she added when the answered
	 "yes" was whispered.

	"Yes. I understand," Marge answered, breathing heavily.

Sam took a few steps back.

	"Oh, Margie!  We can see EVERYTHING from back
	  here!" Sam chided.

	"You know, conjugal visits are not allowed.  You sure
	  you can go 18 months without a cock?"  Sam mused.
	     Your pussy looks wanting already! she added. "Maybe
	    we can find something to substitute later on." she
	   smiled.

The words cut through Marge like a razor!  She screwed her eyes
shut, knowing of how open she was to all the eyes in the room.

	"Hold tight now.  You are about to get your first of
	  many prison spankings!" Sam spat, her lips curling
	in cruelty.

Sam stood back and adjusted her range, then raised the paddle
high.  With a splat that echoed against the hard painted walls,
the paddle cracked into the bare bottom.



	"OHHHHHHNE!"  Marge gasped, as the horrible sting
	registered.  Jesus! it hurt.  She could almost feel it
	ringing like the echo.  Sam smiled.

SPLAT!  again in the same place, across both cheeks at the very
center.   "TWOOOOOOOoooo!" Marge managed to stammer
out, as the itchy sting made her knuckles white as she tightly
held her ankles.

Sam walked up and down the line of women, watching the looks
of terrified horror on their faces.

She turned again to Marge.  SPLAT!  lower down at the tender
under curve.

	"AAAIIIEEE!  THREEEEE!" Marge rhymed and lunged
	  forward some what.

Sam tapped Marge on the ass with her bare hand, kneading one
cheek at the center.

	"The next one's going right here," she pinched the place
	  on the right cheek.

Marge cringed with anticipation.  She felt like she was going to
throw up.

SPLAT!  the paddle hit the mark with deadly accuracy and force.
Being so concentrated, the sting felt much worse.

	"And the next, right here," as Sam pinched the left cheek.

SPLAT! again, the paddle hit its mark and sent a searing message
to her brain.

	"Margie, you just stay like that now," Sam tapped her
	 bottom again, "And the rest of you get undressed!"

The other women did not need to be told twice and quickly
started shedding their clothes.

Marge desperately wanted to rub her throbbing bottom.  It itched
and throbbed horribly!  The bent over position was beginning
to become uncomfortable.

Sam again walked up and down the line of women, now standing
totally naked on the white line.  The blonde was a real blonde!
she smiled to herself.  The tall thin one was as flat chested as
one could imagine, a dramatic contrast standing next to the
short stout big breasted 40 year old.  The women cast nervous
glances around the room, especially at the male guards.

Yes, she and her guards would have some fun with this group,
but they seemed smart and obedient.

But for Marge, it was just the beginning!

She had one of the guards send a message to the Warden.  
Sam felt sure he would like to "interview" her before her physical. 
They had so much in common.   She smiled.
