Archive-name: School/prtynite.txt
Archive-author: Dave Weingart
Archive-title: Post-Midterm Party Night


               Submitted for the enjoyment of the Net by
                 Dave Weingart (dweingar@ic.sunysb.edu)

    Copyright (C) 1991, but permission is given to make an infinite
   number of verbatim copies to pass around, dramatize, jerk off over,
        act out, videotape (and if you do, I WANT COPIES!), etc.

                             -------------

     Out here at "beautiful" Pebble Creek U. (a.k.a. the State U. of
New York at Stony Brook, home of mud and fluffies), we have a fairly
active science fiction club, the Science Fiction Forum.  Now, in
addition to the standard library and games and MUDding and whatnot, we
have some pretty wild people.  Most of them are "active" fen (as in, go
to cons, filk in their spare time, do weird murals on their dorm walls
type of fen).  We tend to kinda sorta of live in the Forum library, and
even the fringies and Significant Others can be found here during
various times of the day.  In fact, there are a few other Forumites and
pseudo-Forumites floating around at all hours.  I say pseudo because,
although they aren't strictly Forum (many of them, in fact, have no
interest in science fiction at all), they're here an awful lot.  And
quite a fair number of them, such as myself, never really leave.  We
take classes just for the hell of it, or (worse yet) go on to do grad
work just so we have an excuse to head out to the Brook long after
we've pulled down our degrees.  Naturally, you can end up with friends
in all age groups (our oldest active member is 40, our youngest is
about 17; for a reference point, I'm 28).

     One of my younger friends amongst the Forumites is a girl named
Holly.  She's a short girl, really pretty, with long dark hair and
large, wobbly tits.  Holly was born years late; she should have been a
60's flower child.  I mean, she's really a sweet kid, and probably one
of the nicest people I know, but she's _really_ flaky at times.  Be
that as it may, she and I (and a few others) hang out on a reasonably
regular basis, mainly to hit the Thursday night parties around the
campus.  Thursday nights are a popular party night, because lots of
people go home for the weekend, mainly on the 4:18 "cattle car" that
the Silver Snail runs out of Stony Brook Station.

     As on most campuses, lots of the best parties happen right after
mid-terms are over.  People need to let off steam, especially the ones
with real sweat courses like physics and orgo.  As a result, the "Post
Midterm Party Syndrome."  The parties can get _wild_.  Even before the
parties, things can get going.  Now, I knew how good it could be from
my undergraduate daze, but this past semester's experiences put those
to shame (and made me proud that the Babbling Brookies still rule the
party sector).

     I had popped by Holly's suite for the regular Thursday night party
run.  It was still pretty early, so I wasn't actually expecting anyone
to be there, but I was in the area (and it was on the way to Station
Pizza, the _best_ pizza there is, bar none), so what the hell, right?
When I tried the knob, the door was open, so I strode right in.  There
didn't seem to be anyone home, even after I waited around for a good
five minutes, so I picked up a piece of paper and a pencil and wrote a
quick note saying that I was there and would be back in an hour or so.
I was about to tape it to her bedroom door when I heard faint and
clearly ecstatic moaning on the other side.  I could never pass up an
opportunity to peek, sleaze that I am, so I tried the door.  It was
unlocked, so I opened it as quietly as I could and went in.

     What a sight for a healthy and horny heterosexual male!  Holly was
naked on the bed with her friend Cindi, another regular in the party
crew.  Cindi's one of the pseudies that hang out at Forum.  She's got a
_really_ hot body, not as as "top heavy" as Holly, but really nicely
rounded (I prefer women with smaller tits, myself, unless I'm sliding
my prick between them), and with bright (naturally) red hair.  Now,
Cindi's hobby is sex, and she's _good_ at it.  I speak from personal
experience on this -- Cindi and I had done it once or twice (well,
maybe more than that!) on differing occasions (usually after or during
parties), and usually in fairly public places.  Cindi really gets off
on the possibility of getting caught; she once got under the table at
the terminal room and gave me a blow job while I was checking my
net.mail!  Anyway, the two of them were sixty-nining away, and were too
engrossed in each other's pussies to notice me.  The sight of those two
attractive young women licking away at each other had my cock standing
at attention in no time.

     Cindi was on the bottom, with her head towards me.  As I watched
in an ever-growing state of arousal, she tugged and massaged on Holly's
pussy lips as she wiggled her tongue over that tiny, tart love-button.
Cindi's slipped a few fingers into Holly's snatch and began to slide
them in and out.  I heard faint squelching noises as Holly's hot box
opened and closed around Cindi's hand, coating it with her sweet cream.

     Holly started rubbing her bush over Cindi's quivering tongue
urgently.  She was clearly very close to cumming.  Cindi started
licking faster, and plunged her fingers deeper into Holly's twat.  I
watched Holly's asshole pucker and unpucker every time Cindi licked up
and down her slit.  Holly reached around with one hand and started to
rub her own ass cheeks.  She tugged, kneaded, and massaged them until
they were red and splotchy from her hand marks.

     Almost unconsciously, opened up my jeans and pulled out my cock
and began to rub it.  Holly's butt was smooth and pale, and the way she
was playing with it was really turning me on.  I stood there, jerking
off as the two of them ate each other.  Holly threw her head back,
spilling her long hair across her back.  She bit her lower lip and
tried to grind her cunt into Cindi's face.  A stifled shriek forced
it's way out of her mouth as she came all over Cindi's face and hand.
Her entire body stiffened and quivered.

     When the waves of orgasm had passed, Holly bent back to licking
Cindi's snatch.  Cindi lowered her head and slowed down.  She was
clearly enjoying herself (and enjoying Holly!  :{) ).  I walked a
little closer, still stroking my prick.  Holly's ass and cunt were
sticking out and I really couldn't take the sight any more without some
kind of release.  I went over to the bed and rubbed the head of my cock
up and down the length of Holly's slit.   Her juices made it smooth and
wonderful.  Cindi, who realized what was going on long before Holly
did, grabbed my rod and guided it into Holly's juicy twat.

     I guess Holly was too caught up in the sex to really notice.  But
she started fucking me enthusiastically all the same.  She moved her
body back and forth, sliding her dripping box over my rigid pole.
Cindi _really_ got into it.  She lifted her head up and, every time my
dick slid in and out of Holly's cunt, ran her tongue along it to lick
Holly's cum from it, so that I was simultaneously screwing Holly and
getting a blow job from Cindi.

     The combined sensation of tongue and twat was forcing me closer to
orgasm than I wanted to be right then, so I massaged Holly's ass a
little to give my mind more to occupy.  Holly's hand snuck around and
joined mine for a little bit.  She pulled on her ass cheeks and left
her little pink butthole exposed.  This gave me another idea.  I pulled
my cock out of her pussy and let it hang in Cindi's face.  I bent over
and poked my thumb up into Holly's twat (not an easy thing to do from
behind -- try it some time!).  I slid it in and out, and when it was
good and wet with her hot sauce, I slid it into her asshole.  Holly
gasped, "Oh, shit, yes!" as it went in, and pushed backwards to get my
thumb all the way inside her tight, little anus.

     Cindi, meanwhile, had been licking my prick as it dangled in her
face.  She's always been really great at giving head (at least as long
as I've known her), and I guess the fact that she was licking Holly's
pussy juice from my prick turned her onto it even more.  Even for a
woman of Cindi's talents, this was something special.  She kept her
tongue moving up and down the shaft, and wrapped her lips sensuously
around the head.  Her hands worked around to my ass and she tickled it
lightly while her mouth did its job on my cock.  Then she sucked gently
on my balls as she guided me back inside Holly.

     The three of us were into some serious rock and roll.  Holly was
eating Cindi's twat with redoubled vigor, and Cindi was licking Holly's
clit and my cock at more or less the same time.  My thumb was still
moving in and out of Holly's ass.  Threesomes are always a bit awkward,
and this was no exceptions.  Sometimes, we would just move the wrong
way and my dick would occasionally slip out of Holly's steamy slit.
Every time that happened, Cindi would just lick it clean of Holly's
tart pussy juice and push it back in.

     Cindi's tongue was so talented that it was a real effort to keep
from shooting my load whenever she was licking my rod.  Ultimately, a
futile one.  My cock couldn't take any more.  Between Holly's tight
pussy and Cindi's hot tongue, I was past the edge.  As Cindi's lips
kissed Holly's essence from my prick, the cum started shooting out.  It
was a really massive orgasm, and my cream seemed to spurt out forever.
Each pass of her mouth brought forth another thick squirt from the
depths of my balls.  Some of it splashed onto Holly's bush and stomach,
but most of it ended up on Cindi's face and tits.  Cindi immediately
started rubbing it over her breasts.

     Holly stopped eating Cindi's gash and turned upwards, pulling her
ass out of my reach.  I could see that her asshole was still a bit
dilated from my thumb.  Holly worked her way up to Cindi's tits so she
could lick my sperm off of them.  Cindi moaned in satisfaction as
Holly's pink tongue roamed over her erect nipples.  Her hands snaked
down to her pussy and she began to finger herself.  One set of fingers
drove deep into her snatch, while the other diddled her clit.  She
shuddered as her hand rubbed up and down, and spread her legs wide.

     Cindi was getting close to cumming.  She was pounding at least
three fingers in and out of her twat, and I mean _fast_.  Her cunt was
making slurping noised each time her hand pulled out.  The other hand
moved faster and faster over her clit.  And Holly was still sucking and
licking her tits.  Cindi started saying "Oh god fuck oh fuck oh god oh
fuckfuckfuck" in a low and urgent voice.  Suddenly, her whole body went
rigid as a truly massive orgasm swept her.  She rammed her fingers all
the way up inside herself and kept them there as her snatch clenched
them in an ecstatic embrace.

     I watched this quite happily, then turned my attention and tongue
to Holly's cunt.  I spread her pussy lips with my hand and started to
lap up her cream.  My tongue stabbed out again and again at her pulsing
pussy.  I moved my fingers in and out of the slit I'd been so recently
fucking.  Holly stopped sucking on Cindi's tits and rolled over onto
her back, spreading her legs to give me easier access to the depths of
her pleasure.  Her scent and taste were wonderful, and I was enjoying
them immensely.  Holly's hand reached down to my head.  She started to
push her twat into my face.  I responded by putting my fingers, slick
with her juices, up into her asshole.  This was too much for her, I
guess, because the walls of her slit tightened around my tongue as she
came.  She choked off a scream and wrapped her legs around my head,
trying to draw me inside of her.

     It was about this point that I noticed Cindi sucking and licking
on my cock again.  I was already hard, despite the massive cum I'd just
had, but I wasn't about (or even ready!) to shoot again for a quite
while.  So I just leaned back to enjoy a truly spectacular blow job.
Cindi looked stunning as she moved around my prick.  My cum from my
previous load was still dripping from her face, making her pale skin
shine.  Her lips were wrapped around the very tip of my prick, and her
hair was a brilliant burst of color.

     Cindi had lowered my pants all the way down so she could have full
access to my crotch.  She used this to the best advantage she ever
had...and she's only topped it once since.  She started just by running
her tongue around the head of my prick.  It was warm and wet and rough
and felt absolutely wonderful.  She started at the very edge and
spiraled her way in to the hole.  Then she lowered her lips and kissed
it gently.  Flattening her tongue along the bottom side of my rod, she
lowered her mouth over me.

     Cindi's cheeks tightened around my prick.  Her lips were a tight
circle and her tongue was in constant motion as she slowly lifted her
head up, until just the very tip was still in her mouth.  She swirled
her tongue around the head, sucking up the pre-cum that was oozing from
it in a steady stream.

     As I lay there enjoying the show (and the blow), Holly moved down
to join her.  While Cindi was playing her attentions over the head of
my cock, Holly got down between my legs and started to lick that little
area between my ass and my balls.  Only one other girl had ever done
that to me before, and the excruciatingly pleasant memory of that was
jolted into reality immediately.  My balls tensed up as Holly's tongue
ran all over, dipping down the very rim of my butthole, and then worked
oh-so-slowly back up to my testicles.  She ran her quick and tickling
tongue up the underside of my swollen sacs and took them gently into
her mouth.

     Holly's mouth worked my balls lightly for a moment.  Then, she
started her way up to up to my cock, where she joined Cindi in trying
to make me cum.  The two of them licked my prick from top to bottom.
They settled their tongues on either side of the head.  I had to close
my eyes and lean back.  I was really close to the edge as it was, and
watching the two of them giving me a double header would have just too
much.  I wanted to take my time and enjoy the feeling of having two
gorgeous females running their talented tongues over my cock.  And both
of them seemed to want for my load, because they kept trading places up
at the head, each trying to be the one to have my wad blow into their
mouth.

     Holly seemed to be winning out.  I pumped my hips up and down as
Holly moved her mouth over the top of my stiff prick.  I could feel it
ramming up against the back of her mouth.  She just opened wider and
started sucking harder and harder, moving her mouth up and down over
the length of my rod.  She slurped loudly on it, making inarticulate
pleasure sounds.  "Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm."

     Cindi moved up and started to kiss me deeply and passionately.
Her tongue moved in and out of my mouth.  Then she moved up slightly
and dragged my fact to her tits.  They were small, but well-defined.
Her nipples were firm under my lips.  She started whispering, "Go
ahead, suck them, pull on them."  On hand reached down to play with her
twat.  "Ahhh...you like this, Dave?  I know you want to cum.  Come on,
do it.  I want to see you cum in her mouth.  You want that, Holly-ho?
You want his cum down your throat?"

     "Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm," was Holly's only response, as she swirled
her tongue around my prick.  I was getting to close for comfort, so I
really started to push my cock into Holly's mouth.  She was taking
every inch that she could, and then some.  I could feel the sperm
boiling up from the depths of my balls.  Behind closed eyes, I could
almost see it work its way up the shaft, until I couldn't hold back.

     I choked slightly as my cream shot out in a massive spurt that
filled Holly's mouth.  Holly cooed and let it sit in her mouth until I
was done.  Then she withdrew slowly.  Cindi immediately moved down and
and pulled her up.   "You have to share," she said.  I opened my eyes
in time to see Cindi as she pulled Holly toward her for a long, wet
kiss.  My cum passed from one mouth to the other, dripping down both of
their faces.  Then they moved down and started to lick the sperm from
my shrinking rod.  I sat and looked at the two of them with a silly,
satisfied grin.  The two of them looked incredibly sexy as their pink
tongues wiped my dick clean.  I could see drops of my cum glistening in
Holly's hair.

     Incredibly relaxed by the entire experience, I closed my eyes and
leaned back.  I must have drifted off, because the next time I opened
them, I saw another cock-raising sight.  Cock raising except in this
case, because I felt thoroughly drained.  No amount of mere visual
stimulation, no matter how sexy, was likely to get me up again, at
least not right away.  I have to admit, though, this was pretty damned
near close enough.

     Cindi was lying down on a blanket spread on the floor, on her back
with her legs spread far apart.  Her hands were busily rubbing what
appeared to be No Frills vegetable oil over her tits.  Her fingers paid
special attention to her nipples, and she stroked them gently but
firmly.  That wasn't the big turn on, although it wasn't too bad, I
must say.  I mean, I've seen women play with their boobs before.  One
old girlfriend used to suck on her own nipples while I was fucking
her...but I'll save that for _another_ net.article!  :{)

     Anyway, down between Cindi's legs was Holly.  Holly was on her
knees, with her ass up in the air and her head down, eating Cindi's
pretty pink snatch.  Two fingers were pushing their way deep into
Cindi's ass.  In addition, Holly was wiggling a large double-dildo
around in her own ass and pussy.  Man-o-Maneschwevitz!  I mean, I
_knew_ just how much into fucking and sucking Cindi was, but I'd never
known that Holly was also a major league player!  (And yes, I've taken
advantage of this knowledge since then.)

     As Holly's fingers moved in and out of Cindi's back door, Cindi
was moaning, "Ohhhh, yes, please, up my ass, that's it, deeper, god,
fuck my asshole, shit faster please fuck it fuck it."  She was sliding
back and forth across the blanket, trying to get more of Holly up her
butthole.  Holly responded by ramming her fingers into Cindi's ass, and
licking her clit really roughly.  Cindi squirmed and gasped.   She
pulled her legs up and apart and thrust her well-greased ass forward.
Her little brown rim was stretched wide around Holly's hand.   She held
it there as Holly tongued her to a throbbing orgasm.  Then she sort of
collapsed into a smiling and relaxed heap.

     I whistled appreciatively at the performance.  Cindi murmured
something to Holly that I couldn't quite catch.  Holly turned around.
I could see Cindi's pussy juices smeared on her face.  She licked her
lips and said to me, "She want you to do her ass."

     I smiled weakly.  "Ummm...I don't think I'm quite up to it." I
said, gesturing at my cock.  It was still making a halfhearted effort
to rise to the occasion, but I'd used up an awful lot of juice in the
last few hours.  "Unless you want to try and change the situation...?"
Holly gave me a very sensual and sat up, pulling the dildo out of
herself in the process.  She knelt down on the floor in front of me.

     Holly reached down to her dripping snatch and rubbed her hand
until it was thickly coated with her sweet cream.  She applied them to
my cock and kept repeating the process until my prick was well lubed.
I was very rapidly getting stiff again, but it was still too soon to
even _think_ about cumming again.  This was good, because I was able to
really enjoy Holly's hands as she jacked me off with her pussy juice.

     Holly's fist rubbed up and down my rod, sending little tingling
sensations throughout my entire central nervous system.  Her other hand
cupped my nuts, stroking gently all the while.  Her fingers spent time
tickling the head, which was already oozing pre-cum at a hefty rate.
Soon, the entire length of my dick was sticky with our combined fluids.
Holly reached out with her tongue and started licking it away from my
balls.  Then she worked her way up the shaft, moving slowly.  Her
technique was excruciatingly pleasurable.  Her tongue tickled it's way
around until she had slurped everything but the head clean.  Then, in
one swift movement, she gulped my cock into her mouth.

     Holly's tongue was rough and wet as it roamed around my dickhead.
She was really going down deep on my cock, and I mean all the way.  I'd
been deep-throated maybe a dozen times before, and she was far and away
the best at it I've ever had (still is, by the way).  Then she withdrew
slowly.  A thin line of saliva and pre-cum joined her lips and my
prick.  She reached around for the oil and poured a liberal amount into
her hands.  She rubbed her tits until they shone, the dark nipple
standing stiff and proud against the pale flesh of her mounds.  Then
she leaned up and engulfed my prick between them.

     The silky skin of Holly's tits wrapped around my rod.  Her nipples
rubbed up against my stomach, and I was starting to thrust back in
counterpoint to her motions.  Every now and again she would look down
and give my cock a lick or a kiss, but for the most part, she just
rocked her body back and forth, rubbing my rod with her pendulous
breasts.

     Over on the floor beyond Holly, I could see Cindi using Holly's
discarded dildo.  One hand kept the flexible rubber cock plunging in
and out of her holes, and the other was centered on her clit.  Cindi's
hips pumped up and down as she humped herself.  That was enough to
really get me hot.  And when Holly bent down to kiss my cock again, I
was just about ready to stuff it into her mouth and shoot my load down
her throat.  But she pulled back and grinned up at me.  "I think you're
ready."  She stroked my prick lightly and pulled me over to where Cindi
was writhing ecstatically on the floor.

     Holly bent down, kissed Cindi's clit, and removed the dildo.  She
whispered (between occasional licks on Cindi's little love bud), "He's
ready, Cin."  Cindi smiled up at me and spread her legs wide.  Holly
poured some oil onto Cindi's asshole and massaged it in with her
fingers, letting them slip in and out of the little puckered anus.
Then she poured some more onto my cock and rubbed it in.  She held onto
it as I positioned myself between Cindi's legs and pulled Cindi's legs
up so that her butt was facing a tad upward.  Then she acted as a guide
as I slowly pushed my prick into Cindi's tight asshole.

     Cindi squirmed and sighed as my pole invaded her anal chute.  I
started to pump her rump, slowly at first, but gradually gaining speed.
She thrust herself against me and started muttering, "Deeper damnit, go
deeper, faster harder fuck it mmmph..."  She trailed off to a muffled
slurping as Holly plopped her cunt down onto Cindi's face.   Since she
was facing away from me, I couldn't see, but from the way Holly was
cooing and rocking back and forth with her head thrown back, I assumed
that Cindi was doing a real bang-out job of eating pussy.

     Cindi brought a hand down to play with herself.  Her fingers ran
along the dewy folds of her slit and rolled her little button.  She
moved faster and faster.  Even as I tried to take it slow, she kept
speeding up.  Now, as a matter of choice, I prefer to take anal sex a
lot slower than regular fucking.  I mean, no matter how good it is, the
asshole is designed as an "exit only."  It was never really meant to
have a prick invading it...kind of going the wrong way up a one way
street.  So taking it slow saves wear and tear.  Besides, a good tight
asshole deserves to be enjoyed, know what I mean?

     And I _was_ enjoying the feel of Cindi's rectum wrapped around my
cock.  Her butt muscles gripped my pole tightly, even after having been
reamed by Holly's fingers and the dildo.  Every time she clenched her
twat, her back door would follow suit, making a glove-tight fit and
bringing me perilously close to flooding her with my cum.

     Cindi slowed down.  I was mystified, until I realized that she was
concentrating on eating Holly, who was sitting on Cindi's face so
energetically the it's a miracle Cindi could still breathe.  Holly was
cooing with pleasure, and I could hear the tell-tale sounds of a hefty
cunt-lashing taking place.  Holly reached around, gripped her ass and
spread her cheeks.  Struck by inspiration, I grabbed the dildo and
snuggled it up against her asshole.  Holly practically screamed, "Shit
YES!" and wiggled around until it was up inside her.  She reached
around and took control, plugging her ass rapidly.  The other end of
the dildo flopped around Cindi's tits, which seemed to turn Cindi on,
because she started moving faster again.

     Holly was breathing loudly and trying to stuff her cunt into
Cindi's mouth.  Cindi was fingerfucking herself deeply.  The motion of
the ocean was right, and I started to really tail-end Cindi's well
greased asshole.  Holly sped up her anal action and screamed, "Fuck eat
me eat me eat meeeeeeeee!"  She held her crotch in place over Cindi's
eager tongue and practically rammed the dildo all the way up into her
ass.  Her entire body went stiff as she came all over Cindi's face.
Then she slid exhausted to the floor.  She lay there with the vinyl
cock still protruding from her bottom.

     This left Cindi and me to our buttfucking.  I really started to
push into her ass.  The walls of her backside felt marvelous around my
rod as I thrust in and out.  Cindi grabbed her legs and pulled them
back to spread her ass wide for me.  She started saying, "Push it
harder yes faster deeper do it shoot it fuck it oh fuck it."  I bore
down into her, filling her butt with cock.  She rose up to meet me,
until my prick was all the way up inside.  Again and again we pulled
back and came together, until I was past the point of no return.  I
crammed my dick deep in Cindi's ass and started pumping my hot cream
into her.  Spurt after spurt of cum squirted out until I was completely
and full drained.  Slowly, I pulled my cock out of her sticky asshole.
It was still dilated, and my semen oozed gently out of it.

     After I withdrew and collapsed on the floor, Cindi started to pump
her pussy with her fingers again.  She had several finger sliding in
and out of her hot box, and the other hand was vibrating her clit.  She
moaned and held arched her back with her legs spread wide open and
stiff.  Her fingers moved frantically over her little love button, and
her entire body shook.  Her snatch frenetically contracted and dilated
around her probing fingers.  Her rosy asshole quivered, and my sperm
flowed forth from her in a thick white stream.  Her breathing was short
and staccato.  Finally, she relaxed and went limp and brought her hand
up to her mouth to lick her own cum from it.

     We never get to any of the campus parties that night.  Somehow, I
don't think we missed out.

-- 
