KARA'S HIKE
By Dastardly Dave

 It was a scorcher of an August day by the lake in
Maryland; so hot, there were no other fishermen around.  It
has to be hot to keep the fishermen away from the fish, but I
didn't have that problem.  It seemed as though the fish did
though; I hadn't caught anything all day, and was getting
bored with it.
 I turned as heard someone coming down the hiking trail
to my right.  My eyes popped open!  A beautiful girl with
long bleach-blonde hair was walking toward me.  She looked
really wrung out.
 "Excuse me, could I trouble you for some water?" she
asked me.  "I didn't think it was going to get this hot
today, or I wouldn't have come hiking.  I've already drank
what I brought with me."
 "Sure," I replied as I gazed at her outfit.  She was
wearing a small halter-top and cutoff jeans.  Sweat was
pouring down into the cleft between her breasts, soaking the
halter and making it almost transparent.  I could see her
nipples straining the fabric.  "Would you rather have some
Gatorade," I asked. "You look like you could use the
electrolytes."
 "You're an angel in disguise," she said with a gorgeous
smile.
 We sat down in the back door of my customized van as she
drank.  After she had cooled down a bit, she looked at the
contraption I was wearing curiously, then looked up at me.
 "How come I'm so hot, but you're not even sweating?"
 "This thing I'm wearing is called The CoolHiker.  I
invented it just for days like this.  These hoses going into
my hat blow out 40 degree air around my head.  There are
several versions of it that will be on the market soon and I
hope to do quite well with it.  See?"  With that I placed the
hat on her head.  A look of amazement came to her face.
 "That's fantastic! I've got to have one!"
 "I'll send you one to Beta-test for me."
 "Oh, you're into computers, huh? Beta-test is a computer
term."
 "Yeah, I fool with them a bit."
 "Me, too."  We introduced ourselves and chatted a bit.
Her name was Kara and she was a part-time college student.  I
gave her a towel and she mopped at her sweaty breasts.
   "I feel like jumping in the water to cool off."
 "Go ahead, fish aren't biting anyway."
 I expected her to jump right in, maybe taking off her
hiking boots.  She took off the boots and walked toward the
water.  Then she peeled off her halter and dropped her shorts
and panties to the ground.  I stared at her firmly rounded
cheeks as she waded into the water.  She had no tan line, so
I knew that nudity outdoors was not new to her.  She turned
toward me and I could see her breasts jiggling invitingly as
she cupped water in her hands and let it flow over them.
 "Why don't you join me?" she asked.
 I set a record shucking my clothes and wading in.
 "You're right, this IS nice," I said as I moved further
into the water.  My cock had started to harden from watching
her and I hoped the water would tame it a little.
She looked at my cock, grinned and said, "Thanks for the
complement."
 We played in the water for a bit splashing each other
like kids.  Suddenly, she disappeared under the water.  I
waited for her to surface and was starting to get worried
when I felt her grab my cock and start sucking it under the
water.  Instant erection!
 She came up for air and I enveloped her in my arms.  She
had a mischievous grin on her face. "I thought you said the
fish weren't biting."
 "Well, I've caught catfish before, but never a pussycat
fish."
 She cracked up, falling away from me back into the
water, howling with laughter.  She would start to calm down,
then break into gales of giggles again.
 "I thought it was funny, but not THAT funny," I told her.
 "You don't understand.  I log on to computer bulletin
boards and my handle is Pussycat."
 I spun toward her and said, "Is that Pussycat or
Puss-E-Cat?"
 She looked at me oddly. "Puss-E-Cat."
 "On Apples of Eve?"
 "Yeeeessss.  How did you know?"
 "I've been know to log on there, too."
 "What's your handle?"
 "Well, my first name is Dave, so guess my handle."
 She thought for a second, then she shrieked, "Dastardly!"
 "The one and only," I said with a huge smile.
 She flew into my arms and kissed me, hugging me tightly
to her.  My cock was pressed against her soft mound.
 "I've wanted to meet you for a long time!" she
exclaimed, and hugged me again.  "I can't believe this!"
 "Yeah, it's a small world," I told her as we walked out
of the water.
 "But you're from Alabama, what are you doing here?"
 "I've been working with my patent attorneys in D.C. and
just came out to do a little fishing."
 We talked about the coincidence as I dried her off,
rubbing the towel down her back and across those lovely buns.  
Then she turned and I dried her breasts.  She took the towel
from me and returned the favor, dropping to her knees to dry
my legs.
 Kara looked up at me and said, "You've given me so many
good comes with the fantasies you have written for me.  Now I
want to repay you."  And with that, she took my stiff cock
into her mouth again.  I groaned in pleasure.  She sucked me
deep into her throat, then pulled out and ran her tongue
around the head and down the underside.  She cupped my balls
and scratched them lightly as she sucked me.  I fell back
into the van and enjoyed the sensation of having a beautiful
young lady's mouth on my hard cock.
 I looked down and watched as Kara plunged my cock into
her mouth, nibbling softly on the head, then sucking it in
deeply.  I spread my legs and she reached between my ass
cheeks and ran a finger around my asshole.  Taking her mouth
off my cock for a moment, she popped her finger in, getting
it wet.  She sucked me in deep again and then slipped her
finger into my ass.  I was in heaven.  She slid her finger in
deeper as she sucked and massaged my postrate.  I could feel
the come boiling in my balls as I bucked against her finger
and mouth.  She was driving me to the peaks of ecstasy.
 She could tell I was close to coming and started sucking
harder, running her tongue around the head and plunging her
finger in and out of my ass.  I bucked against her harder as
I felt the come start to shoot from my cock into her mouth.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" I
screamed as my juice filled her cheeks.  She swallowed hugely
and continued to suck it from me, drinking it all down.  She
timed it perfectly, decreasing the pressure and allowing her
finger to gently leave my asshole as my massive orgasm wound
down, until she was softly and gently sucking and licking my
softening cock; finally letting it slide from her lips with a
soft plop as she smiled up at me with her beautiful face.
 I pulled her up on top of me and kissed her deeply,
tasting my salty come on her lips.  I held her with her head
resting on my chest as I recovered from the mind-blowing come
she had given me.
 Finally, I rolled Kara off of me and moved into the van.
She sat up as I put a '60's collection CD in the sound system
and turned it on.  I reached down and helped her up, moving
her back to the built in mattress.
 "Now it's my turn," I told her. "Lie back now while I
make love to You!"  She laid back on the mattress with her
legs hanging off as I kissed her again.  I kissed her eyes,
forehead, cheeks, and nose; peppering her face with kisses.  
I worked my way down to her left breast, sucking the nipple
into my mouth and nibbling on it gently.  It sprang to
attention, standing proudly.  I did the same to her right
nipple, then sat back to survey my work.  Her peaks were
swelled magnificently, straining toward the sky.  I reached
up with both hands and flicked them both at the same time,
eliciting a moan from Kara.  I pinched and pulled her nipples
up lightly, causing another moan.  I put my palms on her tits
and kneaded them as I kissed down her belly, stopping at her
navel to give it proper attention; running my tongue into it
and biting softly.
 I reached over beside me and flipped the switch on
another version of my invention, to give it time to start
cooling down.  On my knees between her spread legs, I stared
into her slit, glistening with her juices.  I put a thumb on
each side and spread the lips of her vulva.  Her clit winked
at me from inside it's little hood as though asking if it
could come out and play.  I granted permission and pulled the
hood back.  Kara's clit popped up like a small horny cock,
begging to be sucked.  I ran the tip of my tongue around it
as Kara squealed in delight.
 I checked and the air coming from my invention was
starting to get cool.  I lapped at her clit and ran my tongue
deep into her canyon, licking up her juices as they flowed
from her pussy.  Then I turned my attention back to her clit.  
I licked it, then started breathing my hot breath on it.  
With my left hand, I spread her lips to keep her clit fully
exposed as I breathed on it hotly.  Kara started to writhe
in pleasure.
 "Am I making your clit hot?" I asked her.
 "Oh, yeeesssssss, so hot, so hot!"
 Then I picked up the hose from the Personal Air
Conditioner and directed the stream of 40 degree air directly
at her clit.  Kara jerked and moaned at the sudden change in
temperature.  After a few seconds of the cold blast, I pulled
it away and breathed hotly on her clit again, then hit it
with the cold stream again.
 Back and forth I went, hot breath to cold blast, Kara
moaning more and more.  Cold, hot, cold, hot, cold, hot,
cold; until she could stand it no longer and started to come
from the sensations.  As she started to come, I put my tongue
on her clit and lapped furiously and slid two fingers into
her pussy; reaching up to massage her g-spot.  She bucked and
writhed wildly as she came.  I pulled my fingers out of her
pussy and clamped my mouth on her hole, sucking her come out
of her.
 "OH, GOD! FUCK ME, PLEASE FUCK ME, I WANT YOUR COCK IN
ME NOW!" She cried.
 Never one to disappoint a lady, I stood up, positioned
my cockhead at the entrance to her come drenched slit, and
plunged my cock into her.  She sighed and moaned. I started
the 10-10 technique; ten times deep, then ten times shallow.  
Kara thrashed back and forth as I reached up and pulled on
her nipples again.  I reached down and picked up the hose
again, directing the cold stream of air at her left nipple.  
It crinkled and grew even more than before.  I pinched her
other nipple at the same time, rolling it between my fingers;
warming it with friction.
 Then I switched and warmed the cold nubbin while I
cooled the other down.  The alternating temperatures on her
breasts combined with the plunging of my cock into her
flowing pussy gave Kara a sensual experience like she had
never had before.  Her passion grew and grew.
 "Oh, yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me... this is soooooooo
gooood! I love it!  Ram my pussy, pound your dick in me, yes,
yes, yeeeeeeeesssssssss!" she cried.
 I pushed her long, gorgeous legs back to her chest and
slammed my cock into her several times as hard as I could;
then stopped for a moment.  Then I started long, slow
strokes, making her whimper.  I gradually increased the speed
of my strokes until I was pounding at her cunt again.
    I could tell she was close to coming again.  As she
reached her peak and started to come again, I directed the
nozzle of the hose at the entrance to her cunt as my cock
rammed in and out of her.  She squealed again and I could
feel her hot juice splashing and flooding my cock inside her
pussy.  I loved the feel of her hot, flowing pussy on my
dick, then the cold blast of air on my cock on the out
strokes.
 I reached my peak and felt the come blasting from my
balls deep into her pussy, flooding it with my boiling juice.  
We pounded together in our mutual climax until I could take
no more and collapsed on her chest, gasping for breath.
 After a moment for recovery, I rolled beside her, taking
her in my arms and kissing her deeply.  I positioned the hose
where the cold air flow would reach our faces as we nuzzled
and cuddled.
 After a while she giggled and said, "You know it's a
shame you won't be able to advertise the best use for your
invention!"
 "Oh, I don't know about that," I replied. "All I have to
do is post it on Apples of Eve and the people that matter
will get the message."

 Well, sweetheart, how did you like your fantasy?  Did I
make you PRRRRRRRRR, or did I make you BRRRRRRRRRR?  By the
way, the invention I talked about is real.  My patent
attorneys are doing the patent search right now and I hope to
have it on the market by next summer.  And I will send you
one to Beta-test!

 I hope all who read this enjoy it, and any ladies who
would like for me to create a fantasy for them have but to
leave me a message with enough information to personalize.  
Be sure to list any fantasies you would like included and
also any turn-offs to avoid.  Sorry, guys, you'll have to
find your own fantasy writer!      

Dastardly Dave


