Archive-name: Bondage/punitory.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Punitory


                                  EREBUS
                                  ~~~~~~
              A Sadistic Penal Colony for Young Women and Girls.
                                  ******

     Hidden in the dark bowels of the earth somewhere in the northeast is the
lascivious den of carnal perversion called Erebus, the corrective institution
for uncontrollable young female criminals.  For its inmates, it is pure hell, 
for its warden and guards, and inmate custodians, it is a Carnal Utopia.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MEMO

December 30, 1997

To: Ms Joyce R. Cummings
    Ombudsman
    Citizen's Right Consulship
    New York City, N.Y.


     You are here by invited as a Special Representative of the Citizens 
Rights Consulship to visit and tour the maximum security penial facility 
known as  'Erebus'.    Due to the restricted nature of this facility you 
will be escorted to it via Limited Vision Limousine.

      Upon your arrival,  Warden Richard M. Young, will brief you on the 
history and functioning of Erebus.  He will accord to you all rights and 
privileges due your position.

      Please present this memo to the limousine driver as identification.

                                             Yours;
                                             Carl D. Sadder

                                             Chief Administrator
                                             American Penial Agency.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


~                                     -1-
January 2, 1998



     Warden Young greets Ombudsman Cummings:

     "Welcome to Erebus Ms Cummings.  I hope your trip was not unpleasent.  If
you will please check all your personel belongings with the Duty Clerk, we can
begin your tour of the facility.  Thank You.

     In Erebus's caverous deeps are the cells and 'discipline rooms', that are
home to dozens of young women and girls. They are society's rejects, the worst
of the worst, THE DAMNED!  The few inmates who survive the months and years of 
corrective discipline and reform treatment are privileged to join the ranks of
the custodians.  To become the sadistic mistresses of their fellow inmates. To
enjoy the pleasures of the torments and pains of other females, but they never
receive the ultimate pleasure of freedom. All sentences to Erebus are for life!

     As a Special V.I.P. Guest to Erebus, you are invited to tour and wittness
all the chambers and functionings of this institution.  Welcome, and feel free
to direct or participate in any way or form of discipline or corrective action
being administered.  

     Now if you would please  follow your security escort, we shall begin with
the receiving and indoctrination area."

                                     * * *


     "In this area all new arrivals to Erebus  are stripped of everything from
the outside world.   All their clothes and personel effects are taken away and
disposed of.  They are then bathed, disinfected, and issued the special attire
worn by all the inmates of Erebus!  

     From here they are taken into the Indoctrination area, where they will be
instructed in the rules and regulations of Erebus.  Then they will be assigned
a inmate number and cell.    After which they will begin the corrective action
befitting to their crime and personality.

     I beleive that there are some new arrivals on their way down now. We will
wait until they get here, and you can see for your self how they are  handled."


                                     * * *



~                                     -2-

     At the far end of the receiving area,  the doors  of an elevator open and
three young women  are brought into the room by two guards.   All three are in
handcuffs and ankle chains, with hoods covering their heads.   The first woman
is a tall shapely blonde of about 18 or 19 years of age.   The second woman is
a shorter brunette of about 16 or 17.    The third is a young blackhaired girl 
of about 14 or 15.    All three are in handcuffs and ankle chains,  with their 
heads covered by a black leather hoods.

     Three duty matrons,  wearing tight white latex body suits  that emphasize
each sensuous curve  of their shapely female bodys,  waste no time in removing 
the new arrivals  clothing.   A few quick snips of the sissors,  and all three 
girls  are completely naked.  With a equally quick action,  leather strap bras
that lift  and force the the girls breasts to jut outward,  are fastened about 
each girl.   Next,  wide heavy leather straps are fastened about their wrists, 
the handcuffs are removed  and their wrists  are pulled up behind their backs,
and fastened to a steel ring at the back of the leather strap bra.  

     Each girl is then stood  over a large floor drain hole,  chains from each
side of the drain cover  are fastened to the ankle chains,  and chains hanging 
from the ceiling  are fastened to the ring of the strap bra.   Then by turning
wall cranks, the three girls  are lifted up until their toes  barely touch the
drain cover.   The two matrons then  proceed to wash down each girl  with high
preasure hoses spraying hot water,  until every inch of their young bodies has
turned a bright pink, but the matrons are not finished yet. 

     Each girls  exposed pubic area  is maliciously covered with shaving cream
by the matrons whom take considerable pleasure in rubbing it in very very deep! 
Then, with short  quick strokes  of notably sharp straight razors,  each young
girls vulva  is layed bared.   And using the same hoses,  each girl is given a 
long and  stimulating hot water duce.   The hoses are savagely shoved in,  and
viciously  pummped  in and out repeatedly.   From the girls responce's the act
is quite  painful,  but shortly,  the two  older girls begin  showing signs of 
enjoying it.   Suddenly the hoses are jerked from their vagina, and with still
more savagery  are crammed deep  into unexpecting anal canals.   The hoses are
again pumped  in and out several time before being jerked out,  followed by an
explosive anal gusher  of water and feces.   Each time the hose is shoved into 
the girls rectum,  the spectators can see  their young bellys swell as the hot 
water fills their bowels. And eachtime the hose is removed the violated bellys
contract in relief.

     Finally the martons are finished,  and retreat to one side of the area to
clean and dry themselves.   The three girls are left hanging and dripping over
the floor drains to dry like laundry. 

    For several seconds the room is silent  as Ms Cummings slowly moves closer
to the three helpless young girls!
~                                    -3-

    "Excuse me Ms Cummings."   says Warden Young.   "Perhaps you might like to
change into one of our matron's suits  if you wish to exaimine  the inmates in
more closer detail.   I would hate to see your business suit soiled or stained
by anything.   If so, the matrons will assist you in putting on something more
appropriate for your 'VISIT'."

    Without taking her eyes from the three suspended girls,  Joyce R. Cummings
slowly nods yes, and the warden signals the matrons.   The warden and the five
security guards then disappear through a door next to a window size mirror.  

    With the stealthness of a pair of ghost,  the matrons began undressing the
transfixed woman.   The removal of her gray tween suit jacket, skirt and white 
victorian blouse revealed  two long shapely nylon clad legs,  firm round hips, 
a slender waist and flat abdomen, and a superb pair of full round 38D breasts.
When the white cotton brassiere  fell free it exposed twin marble size nipples
centered in large dark brown auroras, pointing straight out.

    The spell bound  'visitor' stood motionless as the matrons quickly capture
her georgous breasts in a leather strap bra,  and only vaguely resisted as her
wrist were secured in leather straps and hooked up high behind her back.   But
when a large leather pouch, attached to a wide leather strap,  was forced into
her unexpecting mouth,  and the strap buckled tigh behind her head,  the spell
was broken.   But it was too late!   Her long black hair was released from its
prudish bun and cascaded down over her bare shoulders.

     The marton behind her, suddenly reached around her sides  and seized each
of her protuding breasts  in her hands,  and crushed  the helpless woman tight
against her latex sheathed body.   The other matron seized  the waist bands of
her panties and panty hose,  and with a swift sadistic action  she jerked both
of them down  and off  the struggling womans legs,  sending her low heel shoes
flying across the room.

     Before Joyce  could recover  from this,  she was positoned  with her legs
wide apart  over the  floor drain  next to the  young black haired girl.   The
cover chains were fastened  around her ankles and the ceiling chain was hooked
to the bra ring.  

     As the wall crank  lifted her  painfully upwards,  Joyce Cummings saw the
warden and guards enter the area.  Now they were dressed only in black leather
boots, black leather briefs,  and black leather chest harnesses with big metal
studs.

     "Welcome again to Erebus Ms Cummings.   We thought that you would acquire
a better understanding of this facility if you were  'MORE INVOLVED' with some
of its functions.  Now if the matrons would please finish their duties?"

~                                    -4-

    With sadistic enthusiasm  the martons prepared Joyce for introduction into
Erebus.   One martron savagely rubbed the shaving cream on Joyce's heavy pubic
hair covered pussy,  then with one,  then two, then with three fingers,  began
fucking Joyce's pussy.   Joyce didn't resist the assault on her vagina, infact
she was getting more  and more turned on when suddenly it stopped.    Abruptly
the straight razor  flashed before her  and her lovely  pubic hair fell to the
floor in large creamy globs.  

     Again the high preasure hoses were turned on, this time however,  the use
of two hoses  quickly turned their targets skin a bright red.    And while one
hose was used  to give her the most  evocatively duce of her life,  the second
hose invaded her anus and gave her the most agonizing enema of her life.

     With one water hose  brutally fucking  her throbbing pussy  and the other 
water ravaging her outraged bowels,  her licentious body exploded in an orgasm
the likes of which she had never knowned.

     When her  shattered senses  returned,  Joyce realized that the warden was
standing infront of her.

     "Now that the preliminaries are over, let me introduce you to your fellow
indoctries."

     "This,"   said Warden Young  as he jerked the hood from the blonde girl's
head,  "is Madge,  she kills her boyfriends for being unfathful,  her total to
date is six as far as we know."

     "And this,"  he said  as he yanked up  the hood over  the brunette's head 
"is Carmele.   She likes to castrate men after having sex with them. I believe
her score was nine before she was caught."

     "A this lovely little morsel I believe you know."  he spoken as he slowly
pulled off the blackhaired girl's hood.  A muffled scream erupted from Joyce's 
gagged mouth  and she twisted and jerk in vain on the chains holding her.  The
girl was Joyce's 13 year old daughter, Donna.

     "It seems  that she somehow escaped from the juvenile center she has been
in for the last two years,  but don't worry it won't show on her record.   Her
record no longer exist!   To be exact,  SHE no longer exist,  thanks mostly to 
you keeping it secret  that you even had a daughter!   But  that is all in the
past, and here in Erebus there is no past,  or no tomorrow,  only today.   And
today  we'll start with a little pre-indoctrination  in the corrective methods
we employ.

                                  * * * * *

~                                    -5-

     Through tear glazed eyes Joyce watched as the warden mercilessy drove his
cock into Donna's young pussy, then a guard savagely rammed his cock deep into 
her virgin asshole.    Then they began fucking the helpless girl hard and fast
Joyce felt a pair of hands grab her hips from behind.   Pain!   Sear agonizing
tore through her loins  as the other guard  drove his hard cock  deep into her
tender anal canal.   For what seemed like an eternity the anal invader pounded
in and out of her ass like a jack hammer, until finally it was buried its full
length, and she felt the warmth of cum filling her bowels.  

     Joyce opened her tearfull eyes  just in time  to see the warden and guard
seemly crush Donna between then, and fill her young womb and bowels with their
own thick hot cum.

     When the warden and guard pulled their spent cocks from  Donna,s violated
openings, the matrons quickly crammed a large butt plug into her asshole,  and 
shoved a double headed dildo into her pussy.  And before Joyce realized it, an 
equally large butt plug  was rammed up her own ass,  and her pussy was impaled 
on the other half of the dildo protruding from her young daughter's cunt.  

     A leather harness  was tightly fastened  about their waist's  and through
their crotch's so as to prevent their seperation. Next, a steel ring with four
leather straps  fastened to it  was forced into Joyce's mouth,  and two of the
straps were buckled tightly behind her head,  then her open mouth  was crushed
against her daughter's mouth and the other two straps were fastened behind her
head.  

     Mother and Daughter, Raped and Sodomized, Dildoed and Butt Plugged, bound
and suspended together with their tongues entwined through the 'love gag' they 
shared.   

     "Welcome to Erebus Miss and Ms Cummings", spoke warden young.   "I'm sure
your stay will be long and plesent.........for us that is!   You are the first
mother and daughter inmates we will have the pleasure of having here.   Now if
you will excuse me I have a memo to send.     The guards will take you to your
cell and see that your are confortable for the rest of today!"

     Mother and daughter Erebus inmates #1998-003 and #1998-004. Cell block C,
cell number 7.

                                 * * * * *






~                                    -6-

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MEMO

January 2, 1998

TO: Carl D. Sadder
    Chief Administrator
    American Penal Agency
    Washinton, D.C.

    I am pleased to confirm the safe arrival of Ms Joyce R. Cummings at
Erebus at 9:30 AM this date.  

    Ms Cummings was given a complete tour of this facility, and was very
impressed with all functions. She was especially impressed by the unique
physical characteristics of some of our male instructors and the methods
they used in discipline and correction.  

    She has also become quite attached a newly arrived female inmate and 
is now enjoying a close standing and binding relationship with her.  

    I am very sorry to hear about the unfortunate accident involving the 
limited vision limousine.    I hope the passenger's body can be located. 
But the currents in the River are very strong this time of the year.

    By the way will you send inmate # 1998-004 records and personel file
as soon as possible.  Wouldn't want to be accused of sloppy paper work.

                                              Yours;
                                              Richard M. Young

                                              Warden;
                                              Erebus Correction Center.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------











~                                    -7-
--
