Archive-name: Violent/punk.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Show Me Your Ass, Punk!


Tom was a little nervous as he walked down the strange city street.  He had
never been to this part of town before, and had heard a lot of bad things about
the area.  It was just about dusk, and he wanted to get to a phone and call one
of his friends for a ride back to his apartment before it got dark. He turned
at the corner of a building and started to cut through an alley which he
thought would lead to the road which ran parallel to the one he was on.

As he came to the end of the alley, a hand grabbed his shoulder.  He turned to
see a mean looking, leather clad guy staring him right in the face.  The dude
had a feather hanging from his ear, and his head was shaved except for his
mohawk style hair, and he looked Tom right in the eye and said, "Show me your
ass PUNK!"  The dude pushed Tom up against the brick wall.  Tom was too scared
to fight back, so he dropped his dark blue gym shorts to the ground. "Finger
your butt boy, get me hot!", hollared the leather clad punk.  Tom did as he was
told.

"Hands on the wall, and spread 'em.", he yelled,  "Yeah, that's a real nice ass
boy...I bet that ass can take lots of dick...big dick.  I think I'll open it up
a bit for you prick."  He pulled out a thick black dildoe.  Tom looked back
half with lust, and half with fear in his eyes.  He started to cringe when he
felt the punk rocker's fingers probing his hole, and start to work their way
in.

A stab of pain shot up Tom's spine as he felt the tip of the black moster dick
pressing against his ass.  "You're a tight mother fucker, boy, this will help
open that hole..", he said as he started to swing his belt at Tom's butt.
Slowly, painfully, his asshole swallowed the huge plastic cock.  "This will
make you a real man...take all that fuck'n cock!"   Tom felt so humiliated, he
started to resist.  He reached back and tried to push his attacker away.  The
punk rocker grabbed Tom's hands and fastened them securely with his belt, and
put an end to Tom's fighting.

He spun Tom around, and started twisting his tits.  "You cross me boy, and I
can be real mean and make you hurt real bad...you do as I say and I can be nice
and we can both enjoy this...understand!"  With that, he reached up, pulled
Tom's head to his, and planted a passionate kiss right on his lips.  "I think
I'm gonna work on that cute ass of yours some more."  He spun Tom around, and
holding the black dildoe up the kids ass with his knee, proceeded to tighten
Tom's bonds with a leather thong.  Next he placed a white dildoe on the ground
beneath Tom and pulled out the black one.  He pushed Tom down by the shoulers
and forced him to sit on the fatter white dildoe.  Tom began to screem, but was
promptly quieted when the punk pulled out another white dildoe, and forced the
head between Tom's lips.  He forced Tom to raise and lower himself onto the
dildoe, and soon the boy blond kid was moaning withpleasure!

The punk made Tom stand up, and he moved behind him and really started to ream
Tom's hole with the white dildoe, while he worked the other white plastic dick
up his own ass.  As Tom started to moan, the punk started to suck the blond's
now hard and throbbing cock.  Soon the punk was close to cumming, so he made
Tom sit down on the white dildoe, and he jammed the black one in Tom's
mouth...he watched Tom work the big fake dicks, while he worked on his own big
cock, and his own ass with the other dildoe. Soon both Tom and the punk, both
impaled on the big cocks, were spuing their hot cum out into the dirtystreet.

--
