Archive-name: Bestial/puppies.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Puppies


When I was a young teenager I had a siberian husky.  After spending many days
in the kennel behind our house Kym would get very dusty.  One summer my 
parents went away for a fishing trip leaving my older sister, who lived 
in the duplex upstairs, to keep an eye on me.  Besides my sister I was left
to my own devices.  
I brought Kym into the house for company, but, he was so dirty I gave him a
bath.  The best way to bathe him was to put him in the shower, take off my
clothes, jump in then close the shower doors.
He seemed to like the idea of this new game, I liked it because it gave me
another chance to use the shower massage!  I rinsed the dog off, applied
some soap then let it soak in.  While I waited I turned the nozzle on my
self, spreading my lips with one hand and controlling the water with the
other.  As I teased the water over my clit, I got hotter and wetter. Kym
started licking the water off my legs.  It felt so good, I put the nozzle
down and spread my legs wider, encouraging him to lick further up my legs.
Soon he smelled my warm musky cunt and prodded me with his nose, well, I
nearly came on the spot.
He nudged me again with his nose, his posture was very upright, tail wagging
neck arched and ears forward.  I rinsed him off at this point and as I 
reached between his hind legs I discovered my dear dogs balls were as hard
as rocks!  I stroked his sheath a few times and he reared up a little,
as if inviting me to play.  My mind started to fill with the possibilities.
I was still a virgin but had talked about sex with friends and had read
lots of books.  
I finished rinsing him off, allowing him to lick at my cunt a few more times
turned the water off, stepped out of the shower then towelled Kym off.  As
I sat on the towels, naked, Kym pushed towards me licking the drops of water
from my face, neck and one nipple.  That final touch pushed me over the 
edge and I decided to play with my dog friend as if I were another dog.
I turned to my hands and knees and licked Kym's muzzle then rubbed my face
into his wet neck ruff.  Normally I wouldn't have wanted his fur on me
but I was very turned on and very into playing on his level.
Kym moved around behind me, sniffed then licked my asshole.  I moved into a
better position for him and spread my legs.  He started to mount me, then
I jumped away as I'd seen bitches in heat do, turning to invite him to 
play.  I did this about three times, sometimes reaching under to stroke
his hard on.  
Finally he jumped me again and grabbed hold of me around my hips, his nails
biting into my skin giving my first taste of S&M!  I dropped my breasts to 
the floor, lifted my ass and spread my legs.  Reaching back I felt his 
cock had slipped from his sheath and helped him get inside me.  His hips
started jerking and I could feel him just inside my hot wet cunt, just
at the most sensitive part.  He slipped out of me as he was cumming and
I felt his hot cum on my ass cheeks, running down my legs.  By virtue
of the way dogs are built he stood stiff legged for a while waiting for
his balls to return to normal size.  While we waited I played with my
clit and got my self off.  I let Kym clean me up, jumped back in the
shower to rinse the dog hair off and curled up with my dog to sleep.

-- 
