Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com..



WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

PUSSY CATS by Candy Kane

My name is Alicia, and I had just joined the high school cheerleaders squad midway through the fall football season.  The football team was called the Wild Cats and the unofficial nickname for the cheerleaders was the Pussy Cats for more reasons than one.  I had always heard that the cheerleaders squad was very close and did everything together.  I soon found out just how close.

After my first practice with them, the head cheerleader, Kim, invited Lucy, Sara, Debbie, Kathy, and me over to her house to spend the night.  Her parents were away and she told us we would have the place to ourselves.  Once we had devoured a large pizza and a couple of six packs of beer, everyone had a good buzz going.  The conversation quickly turned to sex and soon we were all complaining how horny we were and how much we needed to get off.  Then Kim said she had a movie for us to watch.  We settled in around the living room and she put the video tape in the VCR.
"This should get everybody in the mood for some fun," Kim said and pressed play.  It turned out to be an all-girl porno flick called "Where The Boys Aren't".  This was my first look at lesbian sex and I had to admit it was a turn-on.  I could feel my crotch getting moist as I watched.

Not long after the movie started, Kathy produced a couple of joints from her backpack and we lit up.  Once we had passed the first one around and lit the second, Debbie started taking a hit and blowing the smoke into Sara's mouth.  After about the third or forth time, they stopped sharing the joint and started making out.  As they French kissed, Debbie moved her hand down under Sara's skirt.  Sara leaned back with her eyes closed and opened her legs so Debbie could play with her.  At this point, I was stoned, very horny, and getting more turned on by the minute.  After some very intense necking, Debbie and Sara undressed each other and started making love in a sixty-nine on the couch across the room.

Lucy had gone to pee and when she came back she was naked.  She walked over to Kathy who was sitting next to me and knelt in front of her.  She ran her hands along the tops of Kathy's bare legs until they were up under her short cheerleader skirt.  "I'm hungry," she said.

Kathy giggled and pulled her skirt up above her waist exposing her panties.  "You're always hungry for this," she said and spread her legs.

My breathing quickened as I watched Lucy pull the top of Kathy's panties down.  While Lucy played with Kathy's pubic hair with her finger tips, she looked up at me and asked, "Do you like to be eaten, Alicia?"

"I love it," I said and took a deep breath.

"Male or female?" Lucy asked.

"What?" I asked.

"You know, do you like it better when a boy does it or a girl?"

"I've never had a girl . . ."

"Oh, a virgin."  She winked at Kathy and said, "That's why Kim said she wanted Alicia first."  They both giggled as she pulled the crotch of Kathy's panties aside and kissed her pussy.
"It's much better when a girl does it," Kathy said and gave out a little squeal when Lucy started licking her.  "Especially this girl.  She can make your head pop off."  Then she brought her feet up and spread herself so Lucy could get her ass too.

I wasn't sure what Lucy meant about Kim wanting me first, but I got a little tingle imagining the possibilities.  As far as being eaten, sometimes my boyfriend did it before we fucked, but he was always rough and clumsy.  Although I faked it a lot, he could never really make me come.  I was dying to see what a girl's soft mouth and warm tongue felt like.  Between the lesbians in the movie, watching Debbie and Sara making love, and now Lucy eating Kathy, I was definitely ready to try anything.  

Lucy gripped the elastic top of Kathy's panties, and as Kathy raised her ass up, Lucy slipped them to her knees.  "Mmmm," she said sniffing the damp crotch.  "A cheerleader in heat.  My favorite kind."  Then she slid them off and tossed them over her shoulder.  "You aren't gonna need those tonight."

Kathy pulled the top of her cheerleader uniform over her head.  Like the rest of us, she didn't wear a bra.  Her small, firm breasts looked so inviting with cute little nipples that stuck out rock hard.  She played with them while Lucy licked her.
I was so turned on at the sight of my new girlfriends having sex that I got light headed.  Then I felt Kim come up from behind and lean over the back of the couch.  She motioned toward the movie and said, "Don't you just love lesbians?"  She pulled my chin around and looked into my eyes.  "Watching them makes me wanna fuck somebody."  Then she whispered in my ear, "Bet you can't guess who."

"Me," I said and closed my eyes.  She kissed me and I let her put her tongue in my mouth.  It was the first time I'd kissed a girl and it felt totally different than a boy: so soft and tender.  I loved the taste of her strawberry lipstick and the delicate scent of her perfume.  She hadn't been wearing it before and I wondered if she put it on just for me.  Kim moved her tongue all around the inside of my mouth, exploring everywhere.  While we made out, I could hear the slurping and sucking sounds of Lucy licked Kathy's pussy.

"Have you ever done it with a girl?"  Kim asked when we broke the kiss and she looked deep into my eyes.

"No, but I've fantasized about it," I said.

Kathy kissed my neck.  "I can make your fantasies come true," she said cupping my breast and pinching my nipple.

"I'd like that," I said and moaned.  Her voice was so seductive, her touch electrifying.  My breathing deepened and my hand instinctively went between my legs.  I had watched lots of girls make out in the bathrooms at school and I had even seen girls fingering each other in the showers.  The straight girls called them queer but I was fascinated and figured it had to be lots of fun or so many girls wouldn't be trying it.  I hoped tonight would be the night that I got my first taste of girl-love.
Kathy's little yelps were getting louder and I realized that Lucy was about to make her girlfriend come.  She begged Lucy to fuck her harder as she wrapped her legs around the other girl's head and buried her fingers in her hair.  

Meanwhile, Kim was doing incredible things to my nipples sending little sparks down my body that turned into fireworks between my legs.  I was dizzy and I closed my eyes.  I needed to get out of my clothes; my body was on fire with desire.

"I'm going to show you how much fun girls can have," Kim said as she planted little kisses all over my neck and face while she played with my nipples.  Just then, Kathy arched her back, rose up a few inches of the couch, and cryed out with a squeal.  Lucy's face was covered with Kathy's juice as she continued to lick her girlfriend until she brought her to multiple orgasms.

Then Kim whispered, "I can't wait any longer, Alicia.  I want you now."  She came around the couch and took my hand.

I carefully got up trying not to disturb Kathy who was still coming off her orgasms.  Kim led me across the room, and as we walked past the other couch, Sara looked up and said, "I bet I know where those two are going."

"You don't think they're going to have sex, do you?" Debbie said and they both giggled.

Sara said, "Maybe we'll come join you guys later."

"Much later," Kim said with a big smile and gave me a protective hug.  "She's all mine."  Then she turned around backwards and took my hands, pulling me down the hall, never taking her eyes off mine.

"It must be love," Sara said and stuck her face back in Debbie's ass.

As soon as we were in the bedroom, I put my arms around Kim's neck and she ran her hands down my hips and under my short skirt.  Grabbing my ass, she slipped her hands under my bikini panties, rubbing my cheeks and sliding a finger up and down my crack.

"I couldn't take my eyes off you at practice today, Alicia," Kim said.  "All I could think about was making love to you."  She pushed her finger against my anus and slid her leg between mine.  "I'm so wet for you, I'm dripping down the inside of my legs."

"Then what are you going to do about it," I said with a sly grin.

"I'm gonna make you scream," she said and took a step backwards.  Kim slipped out of her cheerleader uniform and panties, tossing them aside.  With a sexy sway of her hips, she squatted down until her face was level with my crotch.  I held my skirt up for her and she reached out and pulled my panties down.  "God, Alicia, I didn't know you shave!" she said.  "Shit, it's so cute."

Kim leaned forward until her nose pressed against my bare skin and then she placed the sweetest, most tender kiss on my vagina.  Then she breathed in my scent and said, "Now I know what heaven smells like."  She looked up at me and licked her lips.  "Alicia, I'm so glad I'm gonna be your first girl." 

"Me too," I said, my heart racing.

Kim lovingly slid my panties down my legs and I stepped out of them.  Then, with her eyes locked on mine, she reached between her legs and wiped her wet pussy on them.  I shook with arousal as I watched her slowly work the little ball of silk up inside her until it disappeared.

Kim stood up and rested her arms on my shoulders.  She spread her feet apart and said, "You can have them back now, sweet baby."

I had never been this aroused in my life as I slid the palm of my hand down her flat stomach and across her trimmed patch of fuzz.  I cupped her pussy and gently rubbed it, working two fingers between her folds until I found a tiny bit of material sticking out.  Pulling on it a fraction of an inch at a time, I very slowly slid my panties out of her vagina.

"Oh my God, you can't imagine how erotic that feels," Kim said, her eyes closed, her breathing rapid.

When I finally got them out, they were soaked.  As I brought them to my nose, I knew I would never wash them but would keep them under my mattress so I could smell her pussy every night when I masturbated.  "You're such a nasty girl," I said, breathing in the scent of her sex. 

"Nasty girls have more fun," Kim said, helping me out of my uniform.  "You know what I'm going to do to you?"

"Please tell me," I pleaded, barely able to talk.

"I'm gonna rub my wet pussy all over you."

All I could do was moan as she tossed my clothes aside.  "Do you guys do this often?" I asked standing naked in front of her.

"Whenever we're in the mood," she said.  "Which is just about every minute of the day."

We both laughed and I said, "But don't you like doing boys?"

"Sure."  She hopped on the bed and opened her arms, inviting me to come get on top of her.  "But our parents won't let us go on dates except on the weekends which means we can only do it with a boy once or twice a week.  So in between, we do each other.  I mean, can you imagine going a whole day without having sex with someone besides yourself?"

I laid down on her and she wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist.  "Besides," Kim said, "eating pussy is low in calories and tastes great."

We giggled and then she kissed me and pushed her damp crotch into mine.  "You know what they say," she whispered, "all boys are brothers and all girls are lesbians."

A wave of forbidden desire swept over me as Kim ground her crotch into mine.  We touched and caressed, her soft whispers of love and sex filled my ears, and I felt her warm breath on my face.  I realized I wanted her more than anything.  She was so incredibly soft and gentle, and so very wet between her legs.  Finally, I couldn't wait any longer so I rolled over and spread my legs, letting her know I was opening my secret place for completely.

Kim kissed her way down between my breasts taking each nipple and sucking as hard as she could.  It sent an instant shock wave between my legs; my pussy throbbed.

"Eat me, Kim," I begged

She stuck the tip of her tongue in my navel and then said, "Say please."

"Please," I begged.

"Please what?"

"Please eat me!" I screamed.

"I told you I'd make you scream," she said proudly.  "And I'll eat you when I'm good and ready."  She got up and straddled my chest with her legs.  I could see her beautiful pussy lips spread open and glistening with moisture.  I tried to touch her but she stopped me.  "It's not your turn," she said.  Kim gave out a sexy little growl and said, "First, being the bitch in heat that I am, I'm going to mark my territory."  She reached down and pulled the little fleshy hood back exposing her clitoris.  Making delicate circles around it with her finger, she stimulated it until it stick out and swelled up to the size of a large pea.  Then, when she was very wet, she started rubbing her pussy on me, moving up to my breasts and smearing herself on my rock hard nipples.
Her juice was warm and sticky, and had a tangy peppery fragrance that took my senses to a higher level of arousal.  Watching her masturbate on me was so wanton, so sexy, so nasty.  I couldn't take my eyes off that patch of short wet fur, those beautiful swollen lips that opened like a flower to reveal her pink sugar walls, and her slender finger with its bright red nail polish that danced with such feminine grace around her clit.

My nipples pointed straight up and shined with a slick coating of Kim's honey.  My chest heaved and my pulse raced as she moved down and rubbed herself on my legs leaving a wet trail.  She smiled at me and said, "When you wake up tomorrow, sweet baby, all you're going to smell is my cunt."  She took my feet and gently rubbed my toes on her vagina.  Then she put each one in her mouth and licked them clean before sticking them back inside her pussy again.  "Turn over," she said when she'd finished.
I got on my stomach and she rubbed herself up the back of my legs until she was straddling my ass.  As she continued to stimulate her clitoris, she spread her honey all over my cheeks and used her finger to work it down in my crack.  Then she bent over and whispered in my ear, "Now if any girl comes sniffing around, she'll know who you belong to."

Kim pressed her breasts against my back and kissed her way down until she had her face in my ass.  "You're only a minute away from heaven, sweet baby," she said and ran her tongue down my crack, stopping to probe and lick my anus.  Suddenly, her mouth was on my pussy.

I stuck my bottom up in the air and Kim licked and kissed my vagina with the passion of a person obsessed.  She was right.  In less than sixty seconds, I was in heaven, screaming with ecstasy as she licked and sucked my clit while she fucked me with her fingers.  It was the most incredible orgasm I'd ever had, and after laying there for a few moments to catch my breath, I rolled over and held my arms open.  She moved up on top of me and I took her face in my hands and pulled her to me.  "I'm in love with this mouth of yours."  I slipped my tongue inside her mouth and found the lingering taste of my pussy.

"Now it's my turn," I said after we'd kissed for an eternity.  I grabbed her ass and maneuvered her up until she was straddling my head, her beautiful sex only inches from my mouth.  I'd never seen a girl this close up before, and my heart was about to jump from my chest.  I took in a deep breath, savoring the fragrance of sex and salty sweat, and the other sweet surprises that can only be found in the moist shadows between a girl's legs.  Pulling her to me, I kissed her and then let my tongue slide between her petals.  Kim purred as I entered her.  Her short hair tickled my nose while I licked her slit until it opened for me and let me drink the very essence of her sex.

Kim reached back and slipped her hand between my legs, stoking and fingering me.  I thought I heard the bedroom door open but her legs were wrapped around my head so tightly, I couldn't be sure.  A moment later, I knew we weren't alone.  Kim's fingers disappeared, replaced with a warm soft mouth.  Then I felt someone else on the bed beside me and I opened my eyes to see Sara French kissing Kim.  As I continued to eat Kim, Sara leaned down and sucked on her breasts.  At the same time, my mystery lover's tongue was inside me and I could feel my orgasm building.  With my right hand, I reached around and found Sara's ass.  I worked my finger down her crack until I found her puckered little hole.  She repositioned herself so I could get to it, and with little resistance, I slipped my finger inside her.  It was so tight and warm, and I had such a rush knowing I was fucking her ass.

The orgasm ripped through me at the exact moment Kim's body shook with hers.  I tried to keep eating her but I was so dizzy with passion, I almost passed out.  Kim slowly rolled off me and collapsed on the bed.  Even before I could catch my breath, Sara swung her leg over me and moved up on top in a sixty-nine.  Her pussy was flared wide open and her bush was soaked and matted with girl-cum from all her love making with Debbie.  I was able to sneak a peek at who was between my legs and it turned out to be Debbie.  She smiled up at me just before Sara mounted me and I realized I was going to be eaten by two girls at once.
Sara eased her pussy down on my mouth and I went to work licking her.  I heard some giggles and felt the bed bounce.  I guessed Lucy and Kathy had also joined us, and judging from the immediate moans of pleasure, I knew they were making love to Kim.

So now I knew why they were nicknamed the Pussy Cats.  We fucked for hours that night, everyone getting a chance to make love to everyone else many times over.  And when we were finally so worn out we couldn't have had another orgasm if we tried, the Pussy Cats with their newest member, me, snuggled up together and fell asleep, my pussy still damp and my dreams very wet.  Naturally, Kim fell asleep in my arms.  After all, she was my first girl.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com


















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
